and I am the superior of our
relationship what do you want for
Christmas pay my tuition pay your
tuition I want a sugar daddy hi what's
your name hi my name is Kelly I'm from
City Philippines how old are you I am 19
years old and what are you doing today
here in IT Park oh well I am waiting for
my boyfriend to come and just get out
from work and what do you do for work I
am a call center agent here I work in at
the performance for um 5 months I think
not really sure yeah who's your
customers are they like us Canadians or
mhm yeah I work in banking accounts now
what's like the worst part of the job I
rate customers okay like people that get
angry and you can't them right okay I
understand and I'm very curious about
Christmas in the Philippines you know I
I've never spent Christmas here tell me
a bit about that what's Christmas like
in the Philippines how do you celebrate
oh well we us celebrate celebrate with
my uh family um but for now since I have
worked maybe I I think I can I cannot
celebrate with them because even though
it's holiday we still have work okay at
that day what do you want for
Christmas you thought about it mhm tell
me about your boyfriend is he a
foreigner or a Filipino he's a Filipino
and what makes Filipino gu special
anything
unique um well they are very caring you
know my boyfriend is very nice and then
I am the superior of our relationship
mhm what does that mean you're Superior
we want to know about this
um if I would like something then it
will do everything just to give me that
thing something like that so you're the
boss of the relationship basically yeah
I see why you like him now you know all
right well thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it you're welcome hi
what's your name hello I'm Vincent then
I am from cibu City and what's your name
I'm Anala and I'm from cibu City how old
are you guys we're 18 yeah and tell me
how do you celebrate Christmas in the
Philippines what do you do with your
family we do eating together and we do
like shopping together in
Christmas every Christmas we travel we
travel here in cibu and yeah and and
when when it's to giving each other's
gifts okay exchanging gift what gift do
you want for Christmas this year um for
for this year I want my family to be
happy and that's that's it just
happiness right it's so sweet do you do
anything special like is there a special
food here that you eat for Christmas um
Leon yeah Leon The Roasted Pig right but
I've I've been some turkey okay some
turkey too I don't know those turkeys in
the Philippines but I guess there must
be right yeah there's a turkey here all
right well thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it yes hi what's your
name you forgot your name all right
let's start with you I'm kid no not not
me first no not you first okay okay I'm
kid how old are you I'm 19 years old
awesome what's your name um my name is
Clarissa how old are you um I'm turning
20 to years 20 and what's your name my
name isia call me City and I'm 18 years
of age 18 years okay and tell me how do
you celebrate Christmas in the
Philippines what do you do with your
family them them them they already did
it so it's your turn what do you do for
Christmas um nothing nothing sleep just
cook food like okay yeah celebrating
celebrating celebrate with family yeah
okay very good what do you do on
Christmas um go to um church together
with together with friends and family
and then just like and having fun and
eating food together just like that it's
just like a um original um um like Festa
like that yeah okay what do you want for
Christmas if I can buy
anything I don't know you don't know I
don't know okay start thinking what do
you want for Christmas pay my tuition
tuition I want a bag you want a new bag
okay fendy Prada Gucci what kind of bag
we
talking Guang over
here a new phone too okay look what
happened to her okay let me let me stand
on this side because I can't see you in
the dark so what did you want a phone a
brand new iPhone you want new iPhone you
want tuition you want a purse anything
else that's it that's it okay all right
so you're fancy I like that all right
what do you want for Christmas who's
missing you what do you want for
Christmas some new fits like some new
outfits yeah okay so some fashionable
stuff okay got it well thank you girls
and everybody for your time appreciate
it thank you thank you bye see you hi
what's your name hi everyone so my name
is KLA and my name is Hannah and how old
are you girls um I'm 18 and I'm also 18
what are you doing today here at the
mall um just um before this uh we went
to church you know yourself church girl
so you believe in God true okay actually
I wasn't that you know I wasn't that
religious before yeah but she actually
invited me so that's why a so sweet I
mean you look like an angel wearing a
nice
okay all right tell me about Christmas
are you excited about Christmas yes okay
it's a Filipino thing yeah I realized so
how do Filipinos celebrate Christmas
what do you do with your family you want
to go first yeah you go first you go
first what do you do with your family
since I'm a Catholic um
devote um most of the time during
Christmas we prepare some uh different
kinds of food um but before that during
like 16th day of December we have this
called um miso or a mass um
during simang Gabi oh simang Gabi or at
the Night Before Christmas something
like that okay very interesting do you
do anything different with your family
any family traditions Customs how do you
celebrate Christmas um we celebrate our
Christmas um just
I not like her because we are different
in religion but for us um we actually go
to church at dawn just like her but in
different style or whatever okay
different and we celebrate uh Christmas
yeah
we uh we stay up at Christmas Eve
waiting for 12:00 p.m. so that we can
celebrate All Cana we did not sleep we
didn't sleep and we wait till
12 okay and um we have this thing uh
called Thanksgiving in our church and
all of the families in the church uh
gather their food and we celebrate we
eat together yeah sounds fantastic am I
invited no yeah Christmas in the
Philippines is very long like it starts
um it begins by September per yeah I've
heard of that they start really early
right with the music and the decorations
and everything can see them what about
for gifts what do you want for Christmas
money money I want money of course
because um we're students uh she's um
yeah I'm an education education student
and I'm nursing nursing is so expensive
yeah naturally okay what about you do
you want anything different or what do
you want for Christmas I want a sugar
daddy just kidding just kidding of
course we of course nobody wants to be
sick so of course we want I want um
healthy be healthy also my family and
everyone here okay and what would you do
with money if I gave you uh 10,000 plos
how do you want to spend your
money
um if I have uh if you give me yeah if I
just oh you're sweet girl thank you for
helping me out this is a Christmas gift
um first I will give uh the half to my
mother to my family so that um I can
give her for Christmas and uh the half
is for me said I will spend it on me um
for Foods our groceries both and our an
know our rent uh we rent
we're room oh that's why okay so you
girls are close besties you know maybe
I'm putting on a spot I'm
just we've been living for like a month
just month oh just one month okay yes
and we're like yeah but I think we're
like sisters now what do what do you
hate about living with her what why does
she do something that you bothers you uh
the one the one thing that really
bothers me is she's always busy um
studying she's very studious and I
really she's an academic I'm studying
books trying to improve her knowledge
okay and what do you hate about her um
uh what do I hate I do not hate her
something that annoys you maybe annoys
she sleep early yeah she sleep early and
I I stay up all night I have do sleep
yes sleep early so early are you girls
are 18 you have any
boyfriends uh she do she does oh it's a
secret secret okay secret it's always a
secret in the if you see her if you see
this mom so sorry
M all right well thank you so much for
your time I appreciate
it hi what's your name uh Rea H where
are you from um from Australia okay yeah
but I was born here in the Philippines
oh nice so you could see both sides yes
yes and uh what are you doing back here
in the Philippines uh just visited my
family yeah my mom she just have um 8th
birthday on 8th of November that's why
we come in here to celebrate uh her 80th
birthday wow happy birth with my family
okay will you be here for Christmas no
no we'll be back uh to Australia
tomorrow morning okay but how do
Filipinos usually celebrate Christmas oh
it's very exciting here and enjoyable a
Christmas here in the Philippines is all
about family together and giving and
caring and even there's no present as
long as they are all get together that's
the main thing caring Christmas in the
Philippines awesome what do you want for
Christmas uh all I want my Christmas is
only my family that's all I that's so
sweet such a Filipino thing to say I
love it all right thank you so much for
your time now warries thank you hi
what's your name I'm marine and yours I
am new and how old are you 24 and
yourself 24 as well okay and this is
your shy friend you can tell us your
name Alisa what's your name I'm n I'm 23
you guys all from SIU yes okay tell me
how do you celebrate Christmas in the
Philippines oh we celebrate it with our
family mhm together with all my gues and
my family with
with them with them okay so this is this
is great family and friends just like
everywhere else right do you do anything
different anything special that you do
during Christmas I strongly believe that
um here in the Philippines we celebrate
the uh longest Christmas here in the
Philippines and um as what the uh other
Filipinos do um we just celebrate it
with our families and with that um I
think that is the essence of Christmas
to celebrate it with your family oh Mr
Universe over here was ready with that
question I'm not ready all right no
problem he said everything right same
with you okay and what do you want for
Christmas what kind of gift do you want
um world
gift joke I'm just
kidding no material things for Christmas
see
like good help for my family and friends
what do you want for Christmas um
um what I want for Christmas is um
no a successful life because um if I
will become successful
then my family would also be successful
very kind man like this guy you know
you're a nice dude you want anything
different oh my God it's okay no problem
I won't bother your
friend same with him same with him same
same okay got it thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thank you so
much hi what's your name my name is m
and how old are you I'm 25 are you from
cibu not originally from here from cibu
from other Province see and how do you
celebrate Christmas traditionally we're
we're going home from our
provinces uh
celebrating Christmas Eve with family
and what do you want for Christmas this
year uh just be with my family
go and have a treats and eat together
Christmas Eve that's the
tradition is there something special you
eat for Christmas or usually we eat um
usually we eat sweets M uh cakes we do
cook espcially uh spaghetti spaghetti
yeah spaghetti is always on our and uh
in a table in Christmas Eve got it
awesome thank you so much for your time
appreciate it you're welcome leave your
comments down below let me know what you
think of the answers if you liked it
disliked it agree disagree anything you
want to share and if you celebrate
Christmas I would love to know from you
what are your Customs your Traditions I
love hearing about different cultures of
course now for me personally I see that
Christmas starts super early in the
Philippines every time I'm here it
starts in like September like as early
as August sometimes even Christmas music
gets played in the mall the trees start
going up decorations a lot of fun stuff
I've never actually spent Christmas here
during like the actual day December 25th
has been like in other countries or the
airport actually recently so you know
not really uh something that I've
experienced but I feel like it would be
a big deal if I was here I love to
actually be here for the celebration one
of these years and that's it for this
video hit that like button so we can get
this video out to more people share this
video and if you're new to the channel
hit that subscribe button I'll see you
guys in the next one oh this is actually
where I'm staying right now I'm going to
do an apartment tour for you guys just
like the one I did in theal so watch out
for this apartment tour coming up
bye
w
