thank you for watching price on the spot
and today I will share with you how I
renewed my car registrations the LTO in
that is PASOK City last June 15 2017
first day around 3:00 in the afternoon
[Music]
three years does expire you can't just
drive to the Elantra is probation office
or LTO and get it renewed
there's a proper and systematic way to
determine when do we move its
registration and it's all in the car's
license plate the last digit of your
car's license plate number will tell you
the month when you need to register your
car so since my last digit of my plate
number is six that would be June take
note the pidemo
a register and vehicle more one month in
advance
Concannon am on an exact on week the
Mokpo register you can follow this
numbers scheme using the second the last
digit of your plate number in my case
the second the last digit is 0 so say
22nd to end of the manticore da Patna
holding my producer for the Tinka Neto
since Candela and hapless emission test
station do not happen a derecho the new
car and enough for emission tests BR
since wanna photocopy no or CRNA
photocopy monopoly toe bootie Marin
Cielo third emission test it is impress
Falana emission test 680 pesos per truck
four hundred fifty pesos for private
cars four hundred fifty pesos for
motorcycle at 350 pesos for tricycle
next I am Pakistan Zealand an engine at
chasis number my unum and I go putting a
motor number
and so after the admission test in art
bernardito on secure at magnetic
phenomena insurance next I am avail
number third party liability insurance I
am Park update the records a maganda LTO
office a happy nagar and thangka vaquita
more browsers flowing and documents more
[Music]
and the man
and get the new LTO sticker or asana
hollows a map with comprises no renewal
call the person : wala silang noontime
break Aetna alligator like a samurai in
purple in my requirements at father
Aaron probably problem has a
registration more ang animal processes
paracetamol paradise now Records does a
change of name correction of name or
birthday address civil status at
citizenship usually this costs less than
400 pesos
I need during a process per application
on student permit that would only cost
you 317 pesos and littering them on a
list of unclaimed licenses in
alphabetical order and Balaam Ipanema
[Music]
what is available registration a formant
as a preferred LTO branchton you if you
have questions please comment and if you
think this video has helped you please
like or share it thanks again for
watching brace in the spot and see you
on my next flower Ethan I got thank you
sir
