[Music]
good morning dew drop along guys so
happy today
take my mother-in-law because it's hers
it's her birthday say the what's going
on a chocolate knockoff it's a long
jacket I don't know what it's for cold
it's cold and a green jumper and yes we
are running late in people it's always
me never at work I never laid the pork
who super lemak nidito hey Anika taka
taka ki yo na hindi pallavi no son hi
nice gosh I get up and buy a black lung
you bug so brown Pony know - Ian with
this story we're going through - yes
what John says you've been late just
throws this because the truth is trophy
room
it's quarter to one yes Annie I told her
we're picking you up at ten - yeah - ten
- now nail it yeah which is good time
good time you know we just tell me no
seat belt
passenger is not I am NOT ready any time
I was being soldiers who boarded no
shots a treatment like a slave it's
clear
so I just need to put a lipstick on Gaga
meeting today don't I don't have a wipes
with me so on GOG American a lipstick is
morphe I hope among a new South Karmapa
longer again I make up the see the
yellow a hole it's everybody I know gosh
I mean I Drive bus I am trying to for
the lip stains Laurie not getting on
that well Roy's law before the corners
called
the bill I know
that's it your honor yeah yeah I got it
gosh
[Music]
the restaurant I know in canina Moapa
longer
so that our Munna Holiday Bazaar music
chorus rosemaling gotta CC jaane kahan
op Nam
new iPhone X X X s max
[Music]
[Music]
Oh market nandito hobby shop TC
encourage world sees Nika an obscene
material unum TB at agenda Hannah
so I own Tessa muhannad in Silla you're
my energy enjoy
well English
[Music]
my baby lead in kita promised agree upon
and kita we are oh my gosh it's so windy
outside my Appa longer and I got a bit
of hurt headache so I really need to
take a very suitable and a lot of water
you tripod good me once a carnita Cassie
vanilla for your camera okay Nina
sigh restaurant arrow Hindi code in LA
Unified coca season he here at you anak
mission he is not comfortable in the
camera so he said that don't blog so I
respect their you know I respect their
privacy thing on you warm up illunga so
Brahm excited and along Ito so we will
just gonna have a walk mop illunga
it's mr. John I took me cool jacket off
I've got my outdoor countryside jacket
on now and my not my country side half
really yeah I still have my coat with me
hidden up on a pallet the well is don't
really much to call a body no to career
more palanca and I just have my realest
this is much each other
not really it's okay so India Nepal
Nepali Cassie the spirit young dog
nominee Christmas trees for sale this
yeah would you like to promote your
Christmas tree and why that's dead
what's the reason why we had three last
year that one in the house we use it as
our Christmas tree we put all the
decoration but John says that he will
replant there but it's dead no chance
John
Hertz girl it's very cold
you hold a camera you're a lot taller
I'm taller well this is the problem you
know little bear looking very windswept
well there you go
where are we we're walking down our
Buckland to our property just you know
be the wolfy bears come on bears why are
ya hey come on
look em sniffing it's probably being a
pheasant or something okay come on
that's it the hunting looking that's it
so that's it for us today Martha long
gone to get the soul you caught these
logs yeah these logs here you need to
put them up for the fire for winter yeah
I know that you won't let me do that so
that's it for us today but then God will
see you or we will see you in our next
video and bye very soon give me the
blanket there's always something in your
interior always naughty
never you always know by me know
[Music]
[Music]
