Hi guys welcome back.
Hi guys my name is Mark and this
Hi guys, My name is Mark
and this is Kim and welcome back to our
channel
I think it was about a month or
so since our last video today we
have an exciting video for you
guys because we will have two
amazing guests right this is not
going to be the first time that
we have guests in our little
youtube channel so yeah we're
very excited to share our video
for today.
Yes, it's going to be sit down
conversation Yeah,
so without further ado let's get
this video started
Mabuhay! Hi, this is Cris
Filipino expert here in
Malaysia.
Hi nama saya Elle, I'm from
Malaysia, originally from
Sarawak. But now I stayed in KL
and I'm Kim's friend
We are now sitting with our
guests of course. Elle and Cris
Hey how are you guys doing?
Oh we're okay. It's our off day
alright with a little background
this episode of our vlog would
focus on Elle being a local
Malaysian and Cris being an
expat we will talk about how how
is it like working in Malaysia
or working with Filipinos as
Malaysian with a little
background. Elle and Chris. We
are in the same team. We work
together in the same company. We
work together for almost like a
more than a year now. Mark
works in a different company.
But he's kind of like part of
the team because he's always
with us anyway. All right. So
that's just a little background.
So to start this vlog this
episode, we have a few questions
from our netizen.
We prepared a set of questions
for you guys. Okay, again, this
is about how is it working with
Filipinos? How is it working
with Malaysians? Okay, all right.
Cool. So let's get started.
It's like a beauty pageant Yeah.
The first question goes to Elle
Okay, the first question is as a
local, how is it like working with
expats? Specifically, let's say
Filipinos,
Filipinos? Yeah. For me like I
learned a lot. It's a journey
for me too. Even though as a
local Malaysian, it feels like
I don't have to adjust to
anything but like you guys, like
for it is like come to here.
Like you have to adjust with our
culture and stuff. That's how we
have to adjust like with you
guys, too. So it's an experience
for me like I like it.
okay, what are those things that
you learn from us? A lot?
Oh, my God a lot. Well, we'll
get into that. This one year
plus, okay,
How about Cris? Cris is
actually from Victorias. And
that is a same the same island
from where we are. So it's
in the Visayas region. So we
speak the same dialect or
language, which is Ilonggo.
Okay, so Chris, how Hiligaynon
like a person again on Yeah, 
so like the dialect but we've
kinda used to the Hiligaynon And
surprisingly, Elle knows some of
the Ilonggo words. So Cris, since
this is your first year in
Malaysia? How is it like working
in Malaysia and working with
locals?
Oh, yeah. Before I answer that. Miss Gay gid?
Because like, there's like,
famous in the Philippines,
right? Yes. My experience is
different from other experience.
So the views and opinions
where's the camera lah? The
views and opinions of the guests
like do not reflect those of
the hosts, the management and the network. So
we're Malaysia as a country is
very diverse. So like Malay,
Malay is different from Malay Indian, Malay Chinese but I
haven't interact with Malay
Chinese only Malay, Malay and
Malay, Indian. So they are like,
welcoming, accepting. Okay,
how accepting
like very.
Same with Filipinos
we are like no one is like friendly. They're also friendly.
Yeah. That's why we bring Chris
also in this video, because we
always talk about our experience
as an expat. We've been here for
like nine years and so we want
to hear it from someone else's
perspective this time from Chris
being a virgin, a virgin expat. I turned one year
last September's yeah so it is
really great to hear like a
perspective as well by it's very
similar to what we said also
that Malaysia is diverse very
friendly and very open to which
we did not expect right. Okay.
Okay this is the question I think applies to both of you
right? This is your first job as
well. Right? So when you like
meet people like in in the
office for example, can you tell
if they're foreigners?
Of course, I can differentiate
like Malaysians. They look like
Malaysians. For some reason. It
makes sense. But but like for
Filipinos maybe it's kind of
tricky because we don't look
much difference, right? Yeah.
Because Asians sometimes it's
tricky.
How about with you Cris? Can
you tell if they're Malaysian or
Filipino?
No, I cannot. It's like so difference so
similar. Like the feature the
face? The nose babe. Yeah the nose.
Hello Thailand!
To give a context, our company is very
also diverse. We have different
people from different... all over the world
So it's really great. Okay.
Those questions are not
Challenging. Those are easy questions.
questions. Okay. This question
is, what was your first
impression when you meet your
Filipino like, colleague, like
work wise,
work wise? First impression? I
think I have no like, first
impression towards Filipinos. So
like, my first impression is
always like, you know, like, for
like, looking at your
personality,
like human right. Like, yeah,
not specific. Yeah. Okay. Got
it. Yeah, first
impression
Bising (noisy) say lah bising
Oh, you will get there. How
about Cris? What was your
first impression with the local
people?
Oh, since I am like, first time
here. I'm very like, observant.
If they like make friends with
me, then I will be like, Oh,
should I trust? Because like my
mom told me like, be careful.
Because they're,
like, understandable. Yeah.
Going to somewhere else. Yeah,
it's
a different country, a different place.
And I have only like, I am
gay. I have only one.
Ah you're gay? We didn't know that.
This is a come out video.
I only have
like one friend. Like when I
first day, return to office. He
has like closeted also
from giving me like, some Malays are like homophobic like that.
like, Yeah, but all and then
like, you have Malay Malay in
like, in the office, you have
like a group and we enter Oh,
yeah. And like, I remember,
there's like, the cafe. And it's
like, my friend, my, like, my
gay friends. Like, oh, let's fit
in so that we could like talk to
like, Malay friends. And it
was like, the whole one hour,
they talked in Malay. And it
was like, next day I will not...
So you feel like you were left
out?
Yeah. But when like the train
like, I mean, I go back to that
when I go back to when I go back
to that. Like day, it's like
Filipino also, it's like, we're
more comfortable in speaking
like our own language, right.
So but, but that does not like
generalize your perception to
all of the local people. Yeah,
no, right. There's like sameness
with Philippines.
Because times goes by you make
friends with, like first
impression. Okay, I want
Good to know, what are the things
that you like when working with
Filipinos?
Okay, this I like about working
with hypnosis that they make
everything seem so interesting
and fun. Like even though the
work is stressful, they just
make a fun out of it. So I like
that I like like how, like even
though your stress or whatever,
they make a joke out of it... So
I like that. That's something
interesting.
Is that not with that's not how
it goes with Malaysia.
I mean, yeah, Malaysia is like
that if they're stressed. Like,
that's it. Everyone's not talking.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but that's
different. What about the thing
that you don't like?
Oh okay, like I don't okay this
may be cliche but I really don't
have anything that I dislike so
far with Filipinos because I
really like my friends we don't
have any issues or anything yet
but so far it's like so fun good
to hear that
okay it's been a good experience
I would say coming from like
what you're like sharing with us
how about Cris? other than the
experience you had when you
first come in and try to fit in
other than that what are the
good things that you like
working with Malaysian or local
colleagues?
Yeah, my Malaysian friends like
very like to ask you How are you
like that? I notice. Filipino
don't like for example, you're
coming into the office we're not
like how are you? How are you
doing today?
Yeah. Make sense. It's like we just say kamusta
basic way like we say kamusta for the sake of
saying it
Yeah, he will you know, like
there are days that you're
silent right? Yes. Malay friend
will be like Oh, are you are you
doing something wrong with you?
Or you're looking at Elle?
Is this a confession?
Yeah, but I agree today
yeah, they're very like grainy
like as a friend
Yeah. Especially if they are
close to but for those that are
not didn't just normal locals
that you didn't you're not
mingling with them most of the
time it's just normal I guess
it's the same
for you right?
Offer like right Oh yeah. Oh my
god. There's always like a funny
story like whenever Al is always
there with ice her boyfriend
always likes anything.
Especially if it's raining Yeah.
How about the things that you
don't like with local
office setup right yeah, of
course we're just I'm trying to
be like
yeah, like this is not all I'm
not generalizing like all
Malaysian lay like this but in
the office like Malaysian loves
to complain complain like why
No, we need to do this
it's very true. It's very
common again Yeah.
So we will wait for that I think
maybe though way like as you say
it for us we're we're foreigners
here so everything is like
whatever we're gonna go for it.
We're gonna go for it. But you
know, I think it's the same if
they're working in other country
would be the same. Right?
I guess it applies to Filipinos
as well. Here in Malaysia, you
can hear that they are
complaining that you know
everything goes up especially
with with a situation. I even
told some of our Malaysian
friends that hey, it's worse in
the Philippines. If you guys are
complaining, the sugar prices
high and eggs are high, but
we're gonna go eggs, the eggs.
But in the Philippines, it's
worse.
That is a very good. That's a
very good example. Because like
even we're here now. We're
thankful because we've seen the
worst. Yeah, we experienced the
worst.
Like, bashing like this when the
government when the government
gives you 50 Complete, they give
you 100 And I think it's never
enough. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well,
I
only show us wherever you are.
There's always something to
complain. Nature. Yes. Okay. So
let's start with Chris. So
you've been here for a year what
are the places that you've
already visited other than of
course your workplace
Oh, I went to
Penang. Penang
Yeah, yeah and then I do like
that okay
by the kids okay, that's all I
need
to think okay
as a local what place like for
example, you met you just met us
right? Which part of Malaysia
will you bring us first that you
will be very like proud and
excited that this is Malaysia?
Well
maybe okay, like cliche if you
ask me like cliche. The first
place is of course KLCC. Oh,
yeah, the tower, the tourist
spot like all the you know, like
the culture Your install of the
museum may be but if like other
states, I definitely recommend
beating Penang okay if you'd
like beach and city paintings
and both beach and city
and the people's feelings like
very good very good yeah
hopefully very very nice they're
very nice
nice welcoming people yeah
so you would bring us to the
iconic Twin Towers because I
believe like the world knows
that Malaysia right it's like
iconic great in terms of
napkin you know? What is it what
is it that you can recommend?
For those newly comers not just
only for Filipinos but
for new yeah new people like
visiting Malaysia well would you
if you are sir Let's Let's
rephrase it if you're serving
like a Malaysian dish What will
you serve them
right? Of course not Cinema.
Cinema is not cinema is
something like 24/7 You can eat
breakfast lunch dinner, it's
always the cinema so yeah, I
feel like if newcomers come to
Malaysia and they have been
trying to sit on my it's like
they even come through Yeah,
yeah, I think
it's like Malaysian cinema.
Yeah.
Do you like nicey llama At first
no. Because like the one that
they trained is not that good.
Then I
think you tried though readymade
whatever Why not the authentic
Malay was
like like in the office when
like my colleagues
brought like good right yes
yeah,
and not not not all listed on my
screen though. Sorry Yes, it
depends.
Okay next and also to like
Malaysian really loves spicy
food.
Oh yes. Yes. Yeah, were
discussed
this on our on our previous
video that Malaysians love
not this spicy like spicy Spicy
it's actually a must it's not a
choice choice so when you're
like young you eat like Oh yeah.
When you're a baby this is the
milk milk with chili powder
Yeah, like she is a lot of spice
like chili not just spicy. But
would she be What do you like
about your country
Okay, okay, maybe one thing I
like about my country is like
the it's the diversity. You
know? It like if you go to mama
you can find like Malay uncle
Chinese uncle Indian uncle in
one table right? I feel like
it's hard to find anywhere else
to our viewers in the
Philippines. What is Mama? Mama
is
actually Indian Muslim food
where it's usually open 24/7 And
usually go like for a quick
whatever breakfast dinner.
Like in the Philippines is
current area or your Yamaha
restaurants can McCammon behind
CAMI wugang And when Mark and I
first came here we did not
really expect how Malaysia will
be like Malaysia I mean we know
that it's we kind of know that
it's like diverse but it's not
you know it's different when
you're here exactly. All the
while I thought we thought it's
gonna be like a very Muslim like
this country but we thought like
it's gonna be very strange. Like
you cannot do this and that I
mean of course you cannot do so
many things because there are
laws but then it's good. I mean,
it's even more welcoming and
more liberating I would say
Philippines I at least for our
experience
Yes and also we now have a like
in Malaysia I search this we're
gonna do oh yeah, watch your
video.
It's actually like is a small
world shared if you notice sorry
already right. So I'm Chris was
hired of course in the same
company where I work and then he
was like searching how to
write the do's and don'ts in
Malaysia In Malaysia and he
found our video. It's such a
small world because after that,
like we met and we are even in
the same team like how, what a
small or
what was your first comment? You
thought that we are parents?
Yeah.
Oh my god. Oh my god. He's like,
Oh, we have two kids. They're
not hearing now. They're in
grooming. Okay this question
goes to like Chris because you
work in the Philippines before
and this is also goes to our
avid you know subscribers as
well planning to work maybe here
in Malaysia what is the
difference working here than
working there of course other
than the salary and the country
what else?
It's good hear I really like
appreciate. Can you elaborate?
Oh, in the Philippines? My
account is like calls. Okay, so,
you know, in the Philippines
when you have Filipino Boss,
this is the client expectation.
We need to exceed that that is
the Filipino boss. You just
don't need to perform. You're in
this give it don't be yond with
it's better. Yeah. It's like
very calm the bosses calm.
They're like more bro. I'm not
saying it's really being a boss.
It's like but they're good
because like they can unleash
your potential. Yeah, here is
like, and like,
maybe what he is trying to say
is here. Your performance or
when you perform it's already
appreciated. Yeah, in the
Philippines, if you perform well
the expectation. It's like
normal. So we're gonna move on
to segment as someone mentioned
earlier, l it's gonna be L
because she like learn some
words. Can you tell us what are
the words? Alright, so we're
gonna end it here for now as the
video is unexpectedly long, but
if you want to see more, watch
out for the next video for part
two. Thank you for watching.
Stay safe and make it a great
day.
