Hello, 
Facebook. Good morning. every 
week. Uh we're busy. We have 
our schedule for next this 
week, October 10th It's our 
church on anniversaries to be 
coming soon. October 10th. and 
then uh we have choir practice 
also with a special number on 
September 12 Don't forget next 
Sunday, we're going to have our 
first service to our new place 
on campus buildings that let's 
come with our family and 
friends. uh celebrants this 
week. 
Ambers 
and 
and we are all invited to uh 
fiftieth birthday. 
at 6 PM. at their place. 
celebration will be held at 
their home. They see dress We 
are also required to come with 
some formal attire or smart 
cash flow 
free. also for the special 
evangelistic message by pastor 
on that occasion. wedding 
anniversary. Voila. 
So, Uh Let us all come together 
now in worship in the presence 
of our lord Jesus Christ. Let's 
fill this place with praise to 
our one and only god, Jesus 
Christ. 
and let's pray. Uh dear, dear. 
our father, our lord Jesus 
Christ, and we come to you in 
uh we can come to you as 
god. the lord. I pray that uh 
we have this service in worthy 
of your presence. Lord. we 
submit everything to you as we 
are because we know that you 
are a holy god and we know with 
us now. and lord we pray for 
your presence. So, our service 
will be blessed. We also pray 
that uh the message will come 
to you uh to our viewers online 
that they will know that the 
message of the Bible will be 
preached all over the word of 
god. We thank you for 
everything in Jesus name, amen. 
How are you guys doing today? 
Good. How are you? Are you guys 
ready for you know, uh the jump 
for joy to sing for joy, to 
dance for joy, and this is how 
we do it every year. Every time 
we meet the presence of the 
lord, there's a new song that 
uh I'd like to teach you and 
hopefully they can sing along 
with us. Um I believe uh most 
of you have heard the song 
Graves into Gardens. Have you 
heard the song? Yeah, it's a 
very upbeat song and I'd like 
to quote one verse that could 
to the song uh taken from 
Psalms chapter thirty verse ten 
to twelve. here lord and be 
merciful to me. Lord be my 
help. He turned my wailing into 
dancing or he turned my grades 
into gardens. You removed my 
solo and clothed me with joy 
that my heart may sing your 
praises and not be silent. Lord 
my god, I will praise you 
forever. You know what? 
Becoming a Christian is not 
easy. right? It doesn't mean 
that life is always a bed of 
roses or things in life will 
never go sour from time to 
time. You know, our our 
skeletons from our closets or 
dead areas, the so called 
graves of our old self still 
sometimes resurrect, right? But 
if you trust god, you know, if 
you believe in the power of 
god, if we declare resurrection 
power over those old self, we 
have whatever that Nothing is 
over. Nothing is wasted because 
god is so powerful that he can 
turn any situation around like 
turning our griefs into 
gardens. Amen. Alright, 
everyone. please stand up and 
sing along with us and allow 
the Holy Spirit to know just 
move you as we sing the song 
the world. 
Good. 
Stay with us. 
He will keep him in perfect 
peace whose mind is stayed on 
you because he trusts in you. 
Amen. I may not know what 
you're going through right now 
but our lord and savior Jesus 
Christ. He does. he knows knows 
that that you have fears and 
anxieties that you have 
sufferings and worries but 
Jesus through that promise he 
says, he's the source of 
perfect peace of those who hope 
and trust in him. Amen. In 
Psalm one 3912, he says, even 
the darkness is not dark to you 
The night is bright as the day 
for darkness is as light with 
you. Colossians 113. He says, 
he has delivered us from the 
domain of darkness. and 
transferred us to the kingdom 
of his beloved son. So, all 
these dark times in our lives, 
all these bad memories, all 
these bad experiences that may 
be hunting us. Let's give them 
all to Jesus. Amen. Amen. 
Because he's the source of 
perfect light and perfect 
peace. Amen. Amen. Let Sing the 
song. Tremble Mosaic. 
Bring it on. It's me. Let it 
that you 
the to the me. 
At you. 
you. the darkest. 
you 
you. the darkness tremble. 
this morning. 
loves to sing. 
you. make the darkness tremble. 
Jesus. 
the darkness tremble Jesus. 
you. the darkness tremble. 
Your name is a lie. that the 
shadows? 
You're not the only god. 
Your name. 
What's your name? 
Is that the shadows can't deny 
I'll be 
Jesus. 
Your name is above all names. 
mercy and grace to Thank you 
for your promise of peace. to 
those who trust in who you We 
love you lord. We love you. 
Thank you for everything in 
Jesus name, amen. Please remain 
standing for the reading of 
god's word. 
Good morning to everybody. 
is your reading Romans chapter 
thirteen. verse eight to ten. 
It's so I will uh I'll read the 
black one is to to read the 
script to read. That's why I'm 
not familiar And you and the 
rest uh you will uh follow 
verse eight. Oh no one had 
anything except to love one 
another For he who loves 
another has fulfilled the law. 
Shall not steal. 
You shall not bear false 
weakness. You shall not covet 
responses. 
your neighbor. Let us meet 
together. Love that. to 
Therefore, love is the 
fulfillment of the lord. May 
the lord bless the reading of 
his word. Let us prepare our 
hearts for the messages you 
make. The decision 
Good morning to everyone. Good 
morning. Praise god. Praise 
god. Thank you for leading us 
in the scripture reading. Well, 
look at the place around you. 
So, remember all the nooks and 
corners because this would be 
the last time that we will have 
our fellowship here at the 
fellowship hall. Amen. Amen. 
Because we will do we have 
pictures because next week, we 
will be moving to the Tribe 
building seven and we will have 
our worship service starting at 
2 PM and we discussed this and 
I believe it could allow us to 
be able to prepare well, have 
more quality time with one 
another and we can have uh a 
longer time for fellowship. So, 
just remember the day two to 
three at the time, two to 3 PM. 
So, if you happen to come here 
next week at 11 PM and 
everything is uh empty Don't Oh 
no. We're at the Filipino 
Ministry. Everyone's got 
raptured. Everyone is missing 
now. We are at all right now 
building 7:02 PM. Amen. Amen. 
Thank you for this wonderful 
experience. We will not forget 
this week by the way. It 
doesn't mean that we can't use 
this anymore. Maybe on special 
occasions sometime in the 
future, We might still book 
this or perhaps whatever uh um 
events we might have that we 
think we need a bigger room, 
not only this but also the 
multipurpose actually any part 
in in Valley as long as we 
coordinate in and uh talk with 
the with with the people in in 
charge with the room. Why don't 
you agree and welcome each 
other's presence. Look at each 
other's faces. and say Say 
hello. Those who have not been 
with us for quite a while. We 
miss you and those who have 
been with us. welcome and for 
our online um guest, thank you 
for joining us in our broadcast 
here at the fellowship hall for 
our friends who are joining us 
today for the first time. 
Welcome to you. So, please open 
your Bible to the book of 
Romans and I chapter thirteen 
verses 810. We have read a 
while ago verses eight to ten 
and our message is entitled, 
pay it Forward pay it forward. 
Now, I believe a lot of us 
sometimes we might we might 
have that experience of owing 
someone something and and we we 
have our financial obligations 
and when we have this, we want 
to get out of right when we owe 
something, we we uh do 
something. We get into some 
kind of obligation. Definitely. 
we know we have to pay for it. 
We uh we would like to fulfill 
our part in it. So, that's why 
in our in our life, we welcome 
the bonuses in our life. We 
welcome the gifts. We welcome 
the stimulus checks, all those 
stuff that somehow help us get 
out of whatever responsibility 
we have. We we welcome the tax 
refunds We welcome those. We're 
happy for that and I believe 
one of the things that stresses 
out stresses us out is when we 
go to the mailbox, and uh we 
pay for the bills, You know, we 
got we got a letter from the 
the Irs now with the stimulus 
package. we pray. I hope this 
is not an investigation or 
audit. I hope this is something 
else. You know, we we pray for 
that and and I remember one 
time the first time we came 
here in the United States. we 
undergone some kind of 
necessary uh medical 
examination that incurred us a 
big bill to the point that it's 
almost like half even going to 
eat half of my salary and I 
praise god because there's a 
small provision somewhere on 
that document to say that if 
you need assistance, call us 
and and that's what did. You 
know, it's good to read the 
fine print and I applied for 
assistance and then the the 
next mail came, they removed my 
debt zero obligation. you know 
II want We want that. II even 
uh just this this week. You 
know, I'm I'm always on time 
paying my bills on wireless 
cellphone. I did it on the app 
but then somehow the app had 
some problems and tells it 
tells me to go back later. go 
back later to the point that 
I've been coming back later. 
Next thing I know the bill is 
overdue and just this week, I 
was in the uh with with someone 
to help set things up that 
something that I cannot even uh 
do on my part. So they did that 
because no one wants to have 
that kind of obligation You 
know, we want to be Jew. Now, 
my point is we don't want to 
miss in our application. We 
want to be diligent. We want to 
fulfill our our obligation, 
okay? As a matter of fact, uh 
this is the first admonition of 
all here. Romans chapter 
thirteen verse eight. he reads, 
oh no one anything except to 
love one another for he who 
another has fulfilled the law. 
A lot of us are familiar with 
that phrase. Oh no one 
anything. It's a common phrase 
that you would want to give 
yourself the advice of and you 
would want to advise others. 
Oh, no one anything. Now, the 
verse does not tell us that 
it's wrong to borrow money or 
too long. It does not tell us 
that but it does tell us that 
we have to be mindful with what 
we get ourselves into As a 
matter of fact, in the Bible, 
There are examples that uh it's 
valid to loan money to borrow 
money. One of them would be, 
for example, if you're 
investing money for business, a 
farmer borrows money because he 
wants to improve his crops. He 
wants to buy new seeds or a 
farmer would want to buy new 
breed of animals because he 
wants to breed at it and and 
and he wants to uh replenish 
the the ones who are old. So 
it's good to borrow money for 
business. Okay And and even 
Christ himself somehow kind of 
liked it. Remember the parable 
of the soul of the lazy 
servant, the servant in the 
last servant, he just kept his 
money and then the master told 
him, you should have put your 
money in the bank at least 
there. it would have gained So, 
in that aspect, cries in a way 
kind of like um ano that there 
is that kind of business thing 
uh putting interest in in the 
borrowed money that it's fine 
and then reason why people 
would borrow money. Some the 
Bible would find it legitimate 
is if you are in the state of 
need. like if you're in the 
state of need, you need to 
borrow money. The Bible 
recognizes that. However, the 
Bible says in that case, uh if 
you're the one lending the 
money, don't charge interest. 
That's what the Bible says, 
Leviticus 2537, it reads 
Leviticus 25 
Thirty-seven. You shall not 
lend him your money for you nor 
lend him your food at a profit, 
okay? Use the remaining lending 
Amani with an exorbitant rate 
of interest. It means you are 
five, six Philippines and it 
means taking advantage of 
desperation of another verse. 
Exodus 2225 to Twenty-seven. 
Exodus 22 to Twenty-seven. It 
reads, if you lend money to any 
of my people who are poor among 
you, you should not be uh you 
shall not be like a money 
lender to him who shall not 
judge him. interest. If you 
ever take your neighbor's 
garment as a pledge, you shall 
return it to him before the sun 
goes down For that is his only 
covering It is his garment for 
his skin. What will he sleep 
in? And it will be that when he 
cries to me, I will hear for I 
am gracious Can you see that 
verse? You know, there's a 
cultural practice here that 
perhaps we can, we are not able 
to relate. We we don't take 
someone's garment for a 
collateral, Okay? But it 
happens here. It happens here. 
and but the the scripture says, 
be sure to return it to him by 
night time because he needs a 
cover. So, you can see here the 
balance between accountability 
and love right Responsibility 
and charity. understanding. 
consideration of others because 
god says, if you don't return 
it and that guy, that person 
prays to me, I'm going to hear 
it. You know, I'm going to hear 
his prayer but the verse in our 
what we have read. Oh no, man. 
Anything It means we have to be 
very careful in what we get 
ourselves into in-depth. John 
MacArthur lists. Some of the 
reason way. some of the wrong 
reasons. people get themselves 
into indebted and these are 
wrong reasons. Number one, they 
get their selves into intended 
by carelessness. Meaning, they 
are not careful of what they 
got themselves into in the 
internet. There are a lot of 
freebies, you know, uh you get 
this for free and you miss that 
line and after 30 days, you 
have to cancel. Otherwise, 
you'll get that application and 
then they begin to charge you. 
You have to read the fine 
print. Okay. Or or on impulse. 
Meaning, it seems fun for the 
moment to I mean, you love just 
swiping that credit card. You 
know, it's so fun. It's like a 
video game. you keep on swiping 
and so it's it's an impulse or 
the love of display You get 
yourself into deadness to show 
off to people. No, that's bad 
or envy because everyone else 
is doing it. So, I'm going to 
follow the flow or the love of 
comfort because you are 
dissatisfied with how things 
are and what you have. You Get 
yourself into indebted. So, the 
point is this, when you go into 
uh uh an obligation like that 
people who enter into that kind 
of obligation, they are 
responsible. They know they 
need to fulfill their part. 
They know they need to pay when 
they sign up with the deal. 
they know that they have to do 
their part If they owe, they 
pay otherwise if you don't owe 
and if you owe someone and you 
don't pay the Bible says you an 
evil thing, You know, Psalm 
3721. Psalm 3721. It reads the 
wicked borrows and does not 
repay but the righteous shows 
mercy and gives. Can you read 
that? The wicked borrows and 
does not repay but the 
righteous shows mercy and 
gives. I have my own version of 
it. The wicked gets angry and 
does not repay. Have you ever 
heard of people like that? They 
look like angels when they 
borrow money but when it comes 
to for the time that you go, 
they become like from Angel. 
the demons It's so hard. Okay? 
But the next phrase also says, 
look at the verse, the 
righteous shows mercy and gifts 
the righteous shows mercy and 
gives it kind of sounds like 
you know, you can Have you want 
to borrow money? Forget it. I 
mean, it's my gift to you. I 
have done that a lot of times 
and I believe you have done 
that too, right? You give 
someone and you forget it. 
That's yours now, by the way, 
not all of us have are capable 
of doing that. Okay? So, let's 
not judge others who would be 
uh uh waiting for you there. 
You know, okay, I'm going to 
come back after 15 days That 
that's part of the deal. Now, 
all of us have that and but it 
here. Uh um the scripture 
implies. oh no, man. anything. 
So, if you know you cannot pay, 
you can do it. part of the of 
your your deal then. Oh no, 
man. Anything that's the uh the 
context of that verse as he 
continues. it's he's uh he made 
Paul made a very interesting uh 
twist on anything except to 
love one another. Can you see 
that? Oh, want anything. Free 
yourself from any obligation 
except to love one another. It 
kind of sounds like there's a 
debt that we get ourselves into 
that we can never repay, right? 
We can never repay. We owe god. 
We we owe everyone the love of 
god. Now, it does not mean that 
god will require each one of 
us. Okay. To uh to be kind, to 
be sacrificing for the others. 
Otherwise, he will revoke our 
salvation not say that. but 
Paul says, let this be your 
motivation to love others. Feel 
like you owe people the love of 
god because you yourself have 
experienced the love of god. 
Amen. Amen. Amen. And and so 
whenever you see a brother, 
whenever you see a sister, you 
whenever you see someone think 
I owe this guy the love of god, 
I owe this person the love of 
god because love god love me 
first. Amen. Rule number one, 
we got our debt. by loving one 
another. okay? Uh we put that 
on code. We don't want us II. 
Don't want you to miss uh uh 
understand what we're saying 
here. It's not salvation by 
good works. God does not 
require us to do some uh 
self-sacrificing work in order 
to maintain our salvation but 
the point is this, the true of 
someone who has been saved is 
that he wants to love back to 
give back to responding to the 
love that was accepted is by 
giving out love, Okay? and how 
does uh we show love for one 
another. Now, Paul mentions 
some of the ten commandments 
You shall not commit adultery. 
You shall not murder, you shall 
not steal, you shall not bear 
false witness. you shall not 
covet. Now, it's not saying 
that this is the only way that 
we can show love for one 
another. It does say if there 
is any other commandments, 
meaning all the other 
commandments that pertains on 
how to show love for one 
another. Let's do that. Okay. 
Why what's the whole point You 
shall love your neighbor as 
yourself. You shall Love your 
neighbor as yourself. Some 
people obey rules. They simply 
obey rules without truly 
understanding the whole point. 
That's what happened to the 
scribes and the Pharisees, They 
pride themselves with being 
able to follow the strict rules 
of Moses but they really didn't 
understand everything why god 
is making them obey these rules 
but god tell people to obey 
them because god wants people 
to show them love for one 
another. Okay. So, if you love 
someone, if you love a brother, 
if you love a sister, 
automatically, you won't commit 
adultery. You won't commit 
murder, you won't steal, you 
you won't bear false witness. 
You won't, you won't do 
anything that will harm your 
neighbor if you love them. 
Amen. Amen. You just have to 
get the whole point. Why am I 
being told to do this? Why? 
What's the heart of it? Because 
you love someone. Amen. Now, in 
one of the book that I read, 
there are three reasons why 
people obey the rules. Number 
one, fear you obey because you 
have to. Number two, reward You 
will be because you get 
something out of it and the 
third reason is love you obey 
because you love Christ and 
your fellowmen. Amen. Check 
your hearts. What is the reason 
why you obey it? Because I get 
something out of it or because 
I fear or is it because You 
love god. Amen. Principle 
number two, love is key 
ingredient in obeying god's 
commandments. Love is a key 
ingredient in obeying god's 
commandment. In other words, 
this is such a main key, okay? 
This is such a main key to the 
point that if it is not present 
at all, then, you have not 
obeyed at all. I think we can 
make that statement here. If 
love is not present, then you 
have not obeyed at all in the 
next life. when god tests your 
good works, he will test your 
motivation, your purpose, what 
you did what you did, okay? And 
and if our good works happens 
to be motivated by what? by 
fear or by pride or by any 
other than the love for god or 
love for people, then it would 
just be like uh would he or 
stubble Now, who originally 
said, love your neighbor as 
yourself. Who said that it's 
Jesus Christ, right? It was an 
original message of the lord 
Jesus Christ. So, Paul was not 
making an original message. He 
was simply quoting Jesus Christ 
for his lesson. As a matter of 
fact, preaching a preaching, 
coming up here and talking 
about the Bible is nothing more 
than repeating what Christ has 
already said. Preaching is 
nothing more than what the 
Bible has already said in our 
in in to us but of our love for 
the brethren is repeating to 
them back the love of god 
through god's word. when we 
repeat it back to them. Tell 
them about the gracious, loving 
words of god. That's love. 
Principle number three, we show 
our love for our brethren when 
we remind them of the word of 
god. Amen. As a matter of fact, 
uh when we are able to repeat 
it back to other it, to others, 
it means we have learned 
something. One one article 
says, you have not truly 
learned something. If you are 
not able to repeat it back to 
As a matter of fact, if you 
truly want to know the word of 
god, okay? And remember it from 
your heart, you know what you 
have to do to teach it, Coat 
it, teach it to others. That's 
the best way. Teach it to 
others. So, don't just learn 
the word of god for the sake of 
you absorbing and gain more 
knowledge. Learn it so that 
others can benefit from it. You 
can share it, okay? If if it 
has edified you, if it has 
blessed you, learn it so you 
can bless others also. Amen. 
Now, another thing about this 
is um I think uh it's obvious 
uh enough to say that when you 
hear the word of god, you have 
to do it right. Do what the 
word of god says. Don't just be 
hearers of the word of god. Be 
doers of it as well As a matter 
of fact, that's the reason Paul 
was able to quote it. repeat it 
because Paul himself loves the 
brethren, right? He loves the 
brethren and when he loves the 
brethren, not only he was he 
able to hold it from the mind, 
he was always able to hold it 
from the because when you do 
the word of god, not only will 
you be teaching it from your 
mind, you will be teaching it 
from your heart because you 
know it because you do it. 
Amen. It's like a salesman 
selling vitamins, okay? Because 
I remember that I used to be a 
salesman selling Vi and I have 
to test it myself. you know. 
so, when I talk and I share it 
to people, I'm talking from 
experience, you know, the 
benefits of this uh vitamin is 
good because I tried it Amen. 
Now, let's have a little bit of 
a history here. Uh I'm quoting 
from the IVP, Bible background 
commentary of Craig S Key and 
this is what it reads. This is 
a background of the Christians 
in Rome. Many of the founders 
of the Roman Church were Jewish 
Christians but sometime in the 
80s, the emperor clouds 
expelled the Jewish community 
from Rome. So, therefore, the 
Roman church was composed 
entirely of Gentiles until the 
death of Claudius. So, when 
Claudius died, his I got 
repealed. So, the Jews that he 
sent out, they were able to 
return back to Rome but then 
again, by the time that they 
went back to Rome the church 
now is composed of Gentile 
Christians and Jewish 
Christians. All of them have 
valid ways of expressing their 
faith in the lord Jesus Christ. 
All of them are bad but they 
are different. So, what do you 
think will happen? there. there 
will be some tensions. existing 
there. Uh Christian, Jewish and 
Gentile Jews. So, in this 
situation, uh the Roman 
Christians, they needed to have 
a racial reconciliation and 
cross cultural sensitivity. 
Now, eventually the Roman Roman 
conversions to Judaism. Now, 
the Jewish at that at this 
point, they are poor but the 
Roman Christians, they are rich 
eventually happen. They're 
created some resentment among 
the aristocratic Romans against 
the Jewish and some of the 
Gentiles who are poor. So, in 
the context of Paul, that's the 
context of his message. Love 
your neighbor as yourself. 
Amen. So, he reminds the church 
to love one another. That's the 
context Now in our context 
today, how relevant is this 
message? How relevant It's very 
relevant. I mean, talk about 
some of the Asian hatred that's 
happening in some of the 
states. Our Asian brethren, 
just being sucker punched by a 
stranger out of nowhere For 
what reason? We don't know 
unprovoked. That's what how the 
news says. Okay, Riots because 
of the wearing of mask and the 
non wearing a mask vaccinations 
here and the non vaccinations 
today. this message is very 
timely for us. even The Bible 
says, the love of many shall 
wax cold during the end times 
So, we can see this could be 
signs of the end times. The 
love of many are beginning to 
become cold. Romans 1310, it 
reads Romans 1310 love does no 
harm to a neighbor. Therefore, 
love is the fulfillment of the 
law. Love is the fulfillment of 
the lord. What makes a church a 
church? It's not because of the 
programs. It's not because we 
have important personnel 
committees here and there. 
Okay, First of all, a church is 
a group of people who have put 
their trust in the lord Jesus 
Christ. Christians and now they 
bond together, bonded by love. 
As a matter of fact, any 
organization can have its 
rules. It's officers but 
without love, god. Of course, 
without Christ, then that is 
not a church. As a matter of 
fact, there's even an 
organization. they print 
Bibles. They give out Bibles, 
they print devotional 
materials. they make, they send 
a message out to the people and 
they sell it but that 
organization is just an 
organization. It's not a 
church. Amen. A church is a 
group of people called by god 
to worship him, love one 
another, and that's the key 
binding element a church. It's 
a matter of fact, Jesus Christ. 
He said, if you love one 
another, then people know that 
you are with me. So, how will 
people know that we are of 
Jesus Christ? If we love one 
another, Amen? Amen. Can you 
look at your neighbors? Look at 
them. Do you love one another? 
Yes. Say bye. Look at them with 
loving eyes. smile at them with 
or without the face mask on. 
principle. As a matter of fact, 
love is a very important 
component that without a church 
is not truly a church. It's 
just an organization We can 
have all the wonderful programs 
we can put to organize people 
but without love for one 
another, then this is not the 
church of god at all, and 
principle number four, love is 
a few will of god's church. 
Amen. It's a fuel of god's 
church As a church, we have to 
understand that we without 
love, we will never grow in the 
lord. As a matter of fact, the 
church is not even a society of 
people who have common opinions 
about a certain teaching in the 
Bible. A lot of us might some 
people might group together and 
they have a common opinion 
about this Bible. okay? And 
they agree that's not 
necessarily this group of 
people is a church, okay? 
Because you can have your mind 
collectively together but if 
you don't have love for one 
another, of course, if you 
don't have Christ in your 
heart, then that's not a church 
at all, man. As a church, we 
express our love for others. 
So, in our time today, how do 
we express our love for one 
another? Now, let me just 
mention this but I'm not 
promoting a stand here. We're 
not uh this this is what we 
believe in like today, people 
are divided about do we wear a 
mask or or not? Okay, do we get 
vaccinated or not? No, we're 
not making any stand but how do 
we show our love here in the 
early parts of during the time 
of COVID. We were wear a mask. 
Okay. So, I wear my mask not 
only to protect myself but to 
protect others. That's my main 
motivation. It's for others. 
Now, later on, he got relaxed. 
So, I started not wearing my 
mask to accommodate others, 
okay? Because I don't want 
others to feel like I'm being 
That's my main motivation to 
accommodate people now in 
certain establishments. 
The 
Do we get vaccinated? Okay. I 
got vaccinated not only for 
myself. I got vaccinated to 
contribute to the herd 
immunity. It's for others. 
okay? I don't want to be a 
carrier and people will get the 
disease through me. I want to 
protect others. That's why I 
get vaccinated. Now, I also 
understand some people would 
not want to get vaccinated. 
Recently, I learned a mother 
would not want to get 
vaccinated because she's 
pregnant and she's worried for 
her child or baby doesn't know 
about the medicine. I think I 
understand that too. Okay. so 
we we we don't judge people. 
Amen. if they don't want to. 
Some people have allergic 
reactions to the shots so we 
don't judge them but we pray 
for them. Amen. We love one 
another and also I noticed in 
our fellowship, we don't know 
if am I going to shake my hand 
or do a fist bump or do we do a 
so we're sensitive to that. 
Okay. We don't want to make 
people feel like, hey, you're 
contaminating me. Okay. So some 
I'm a hugger III love to hug 
people but I try to sense when 
he feel like uh or she feel 
like um not being so I refrain 
myself. So, we will do that 
also at our church. As a matter 
of fact, in our when we 
transfer there, let's try to be 
mindful of people. Okay. Some 
people would like to be hugged 
because they feel like they 
want to be welcomed It's okay. 
You tell me with your eyes or 
may be you. Initiate. Okay, 
It's fine. I'm going to pick up 
that signal but um my first 
dance is not to invade your 
privacy. Amen? Because if you 
don't want to, if you make that 
signal, don't worry. we'll not 
be offended, okay? Stay away. 
Okay, Whatever. Oh, sorry. If 
you do that, we understand that 
you want to be safe. We love 
you with the love of the lord. 
Amen. Amen. So, that's what we 
are as a church. We respect one 
another. The Bible says, love 
does no harm to a neighbor. So, 
may we be reminded that this 
that we owe to one another is 
simply because god loves us. 
God loves us. Let's bow down 
our heads. Let's close our 
eyes. Let's bow down our heads. 
Let's close our eyes. I would 
like to talk to you today. 
Search your heart. If there be 
anything in your heart that the 
lord is telling you, you're a 
Christian, maybe you have some 
struggles inside. maybe you 
have uh um some unconscious or 
some pain or some uh worries 
that you have in in in your 
life. Whatever it is, I pray 
right now, I'm going to pause 
for a couple of moments as the 
uh Music is being played. I'm 
going to pause for a moment. 
I'd like you to come to the 
lord in his throne, in your 
private time. Talk to him right 
now. Whatever it is, whatever 
your concern is, I said to 
confess or or or a worship or a 
concern for a brother or your 
personal struggle, whatever it 
is or you have been walking 
away from the lord and you want 
to come back, come to him right 
now. as the is being played. 
pray to him. I'm going to pause 
for a while before I continue 
on with my next message. 
So your heart today. If you 
have been wondering about the 
life next, after If you're 
wishing that you would want to 
be with the lord when you die 
and you're not sure 
You're hearing me. This is not 
an accident. I'd like to tell 
you. You can be sure of heaven. 
You just have to come to the 
lord Jesus Christ and admit to 
him that you are a sinner and 
you cannot save yourself. Come 
to him. Tell him lord, I'm a 
sinner. I cannot save myself. 
Be my lord. be my savior. pray 
this prayer with me. Lord 
Jesus. Thank you for dying on 
the cross. I come to you today. 
I repent of my sin. Forgive me 
my sin be my lord. be my 
savior. and I put my trust in 
you. 
It's about and if you have 
accepted, if you prayed with me 
that prayer, the lord says, but 
as many as receive him to them, 
gave you power to become a 
child of god, even to those who 
believe in his name. So, if you 
have prayed that prayer with 
me, claim that promise to the 
lord Jesus Christ because he is 
savior of anyone who comes to 
him. Thank you lord for our 
broadcast today. Thank you 
father for giving us this 
wonderful opportunity to just 
your word and to celebrate in 
your goodness, to celebrate in 
your kindness and I pray for 
each and everyone who has heard 
your word today through this 
broadcast, through being in 
person with us or maybe through 
um the sharing of other people 
of this broadcast in their day 
in their time. We pray that you 
meet them where they are Lord. 
Whatever concerns they have, 
they are into. I pray that you 
uh work in them lord god. 
Whatever prayers that they need 
to answer. be with them. Now 
unto him that is able to keep 
you from falling. and to 
present you faultless before 
the presence of his glory with 
exceeding joy to the only wise 
god, our savior, be glory and 
majesty, dominion and power 
both now and forevermore and 
everybody say 
Beautiful message today, right? 
Amen. So, I hope everyone was 
encouraged from the message So, 
as we conclude our service, 
we're going to sing to the 
lord, Okay. Amen. Amen. Uh this 
song encourages us to sing, 
sing, sing, Um in fact, I can 
see ourselves you know, getting 
trained here on earth to sing 
because when we go to heaven, 
we're going to sing to the lord 
forever. Amen. Amen. And how 
that would excite us You know, 
as we await the second coming 
In fact, there is a verse that 
I'd like to share 
taken from Psalms to the Psalm 
that says, sing to the lord a 
new song and then again, sing 
to the lord all the earth and 
again, sing to the lord. Praise 
his name, proclaim his 
salvation day after day. 
Declare his glory among the 
nations. his marvelous deeds 
among all peoples. So, when you 
see these verses of these words 
are being repeatedly, you know, 
um seen in this uh passage, we 
have to say that the lord us to 
know this. You know that it 
brings a big emphasis. You 
know, that's very important 
that we do these things. So, 
please uh uh stand up as we 
close our service and as we 
sing the song, sing, sing, 
sing. Okay, let's sing a song. 
Are you 
You are. 
I'm 
