[Music]
so we are here the core of each resort
is basically a place right next to El
Salvador and we prepared a little
farewell party for um for Angel before
we are going to affect the Germany end
of next week it's quite a busy place on
the weekend when we make the inquiry
last week there were very people I think
angel angel me were the only one except
for two or three others but now all
cottages are fully booked and many
people are wrong I will show you the
resort later here behind me you can
already see one of
[Music]
[Music]
okay then let's take a quick look around
we are here in one of the cottages that
we just rented one of them for for the
food and everything
Hey here one of the cottages is on 500
weather today you can see they are quite
quite a lot of them along the beach area
over there are some more we go over here
here's the reception area if you want
want to use to pull the entrances 100
people you can use the big pool over
here is a smaller pool I would try to
get a better look at it but if you want
to use fool you have to stay overnight
and rent one one of the one of the rooms
for the night
[Music]
so let's see if we can get a better look
at school what I also like about this
resort it's really good for kids you
have all these these animals action
heroes and also Mario and Luigi here
it's really good for the kids
I'm sure they enjoy it I don't know if
you recognize you guys so over here we
have for me as the room filling they're
still building more like there I do not
show you there now
yes like I said small poo you can only
use it um it should stay here overnight
many people yesterday I weekend this
nice sunny day nice cool so let's go
back
so quite no because of all the kids I
just wanted to show you around before
they start with on coke and everything
if you don't understand me at all
[Music]
so like I said there's the reception
area over here Islam they're all the
cottages there are some more cottages
and they are not so much speech just
like in our all the oceanfront so you
can see we have high tide at the moment
you can see there is no wife's and or
anything but still good for swimming now
over there we all set out Mickey Mouse
but fun Luigi and Mario so the club
here's the other pool you can use this
the cool that you rent one of the
cottages and a 150mph see also nice
quite big to unpack that's pretty much
it over there are more of these horses
action heroes that thing to sit for I
don't know which one to further yellow
red color over there we are kept in
America and another one
[Applause]
you also have a nice view along the
coast the three nice right take care
I don't know if you can see it to McDon
we've been there a couple of days ago
[Applause]
and commercial they gave them some
papers and the big one somehow looks
like like a Halloween pumpkin because of
the Keystone here
I like a three-night captain
[Applause]
don't you live in the ocean the big pool
back there are other room and cottages
and yeah like I said it really it's a
new place they're still building but
it's kind of nice
I'm going back to the cottages now and
yeah we wait for the other so far on the
angel and I am right here not sure when
the others are coming might still take
some time but yeah usually there's a lot
of food and other stuff at the feast
occasion I show you later on angel spend
on spend a couple of hours yesterday
preparing lumpia and other food yeah
excited for that angel good alone here
so you don't also don't know when the
other four coming now
yeah fine there's 50 pairing food good
thing you wrote all the lumpia yesterday
huh how long did it take to two hours or
something yeah took really a long time
so we are back at the cottage now with a
nice view on the ocean and I would say
we wait for the other
[Music]
we got here some lugia these are one
angel prepared yet today for our what is
that I'm having complete okay and of
course each psycho crime
great price at the server yeah it's
gonna call me sir all right okay Oh
yummy there's even more and I also
bought some records that from yes
Filipino beer is got extra from beer
put your surprise in this you don't but
that's not all I'm pretty sure there are
there will be more later how many people
do we do you expect any 434 I wanted
quite a lot and I don't think they all
gonna fit they all going to fit into the
cottage here but um yeah
we will see out there is an extra table
Angela still busy preparing
[Music]
