Hello my name is Eleanor I am 34 years
old single mother from B City
Philippines I am the type who is always
ready to try new things and take
challenges in my life positively I
strongly believe that we can make our
own destiny so we should always have a
great goal every time we wake up in the
morning and take failures as challenges
as well the kids has been always my
inspiration and motivation that is why
every new day for me is a blessing the
first time I worked with BPO it was a
home improvement campaign dialing out US
homeowners for them to have a free
estimation for home repairs and
improvements and the company was Globe Line International after my
contract with Globe Line I worked as an
appointment setter for a Banker's Life
national insurance company which is
US based
also I was with our recruitment
department then the company was Nobel
Trends and Bound by 2010 I decided to
work home based and the first home based
job that I had was with New Media
Services and I am lucky to get a
flexible working hours then while I am
with an MS I am able to get another job
with Net Bus Incorporation and I work
for them must content and article
research and with data entry as well
since then I started working to
different tasks and projects I handled a
new a US and UK sellers for Amazon
products and eBay lister I was
also into leads generation which
includes the task of data entry the last
project that I had this real estate
company and I work as an executive
assistant for the manager I call
property owners that an appointment with
my manager update CRM and filter contact
numbers listed on the CRM I am also an
employee of Human Force Virtual
Assistants for a lead generation and
data entry project I am working home
based for five years now and work with
different tasks
like data entry article or content
research web research e-commerce search
engine ranking email and chat support
appointment setting and leads generation
I gain integrity and passion in every
task that I landed I am flexible
adaptable and trainable with great work
ethic I can work full-time or a
part-time depending on how the client
will ask me to I can work under pressure
with minimal supervision and can always
make sure that I will come up with the
good results to delight my superiors
that is why I do not see any reason for
your company not to hire me thank you
very much
