what's your name my name is Eddie, we
just arrived from Cebu yesterday into a
tropical storm take extra precaution
some are isolated rain showers or
thunder songs now please be on alert for
floods or landslides there's a second a
typhoon
on this episode of trying something new
we battle our first typhoon take a crazy
epic scary bus ride meet some amazing
new friends and arrive at our
destination whole bowl in the
Philippines
now we're gonna head back to the hotel
to get our stuff then we have to go to
the bus stop to catch a bus to go to
where we're going
dog down here cuz we're in a typhoon I
guess we got to run to the ATM Sandy's
got to go to the pharmacy you got to get
the car and make it to the trees picket
before the train takes off when we got
we're gonna make bed like we said in all
of our other videos cash is king in the
Philippines so make sure you always go
to the ATM
okay got it alright let's go the taxis
waiting for us
yeah there we go here we go
I got some more probiotics and hopefully
this is
okay guys were here we are at the bus
terminal we decided to take a bus from
Cebu to mobile because it's one of the
cheapest ways to get from city to city
one thing we love to do with the kids is
let them handle the transaction
thank you okay you want to get a cart
Rider
oh yeah okay so we just got here number
10 as a mobile and it leaves like 20 30
minutes so we don't make it something to
eat because everyone and that goes to
three hours of us with
sandy ran out to the main road to find
some food all right once every half an
hour we got an air conditioner but nice
handy wouldn't get us some pizza and the
buses didn't really go we asked three
out of five on the bus and we got to
find sandy
all right sandy where yeah
sandy sandy said of stalling stalling
it's waiting for you waiting for you the
crew is here and we're loading up ready
to go you made it Cerreta say we made it
then we made it I guess so
so we finally got everybody on board
dinner a leave and guess what now
everybody's got to go the bathroom
so they're that back out
okay minute the guys please
as we started off on our crazy scary
epic bus ride we had no idea what we're
in for
and now that I think about it maybe he
was going so fast because he was making
up time for waiting on us so what does
it cost to go in three hours on the bus
ride so we're going in three hours to
mobile
it cost $11 for all five plus three
hours
three hour ride three hours so I had to
run try and get some food
for this 3-hour plane November was going
to lose it every was finally starting to
feel better if they don't get some food
in them
and here's the crazy part of the story
we live in an RV full time that's about
the size of this bus and in that RV we
have driven about 40,000 miles across
the United States so that being said we
feel like we have a pretty good
understanding of what these buses are
capable of and how fast you can take a
quarter run up in the mountains in
training and read the clouds
and these guys just want to go
I think you just got to call it as why
is having a baby
I don't like that you gotta find out
Megiddo we're gonna head
this driver was definitely taking it to
a whole nother level by driving this 40
foot bus as if it were a Ferrari
everyone started to look at each other
in utter horror as the bus great to
guess the trees around each corner the
driver kept going faster and faster and
faster but we had faith that he doesn't
drive three times a day and he knew what
he was doing until we saw the wreck
so everybody looks and it's not like
this
it looks big enough like a bustling
through it with
and so everybody says oh yeah
once we got off the craziest bus ride
we've ever experienced in our lives we
had to get a tricycle in the pouring
down rain and load up all of our luggage
and try to find the hotel what is that
what is the name of the typhoon oh yes
and they are doing this very bumpy
looking back on it now these are the
moments the amazing stories the
difficult situations
that make it so much fun and we can't
believe some of the stuff that we've
been
thanks daddy
after getting lost and soaked on some
super bumpy back road with huge mud
puddles in it we finally found our hotel
what do you think hi - whoa that was
amazing - coming on here so yeah we made
it the rain was coming down - even
crazier than before and we were so happy
to finally check into our hotel and you
get a nice Drive
oh my gosh are you okay what the heck
guys guys what this guy what do you
think make that birthday room we got all
the rain guys oh my god how cool is this
alright so this is our first hospital
well it's not hospital yeah we got a
private room with a shared bathroom
after dropping off all our stuff it was
time to get some to eat and explore
where the heck we were at we found this
cute little restaurant where everybody
on the island must have been hiding to
try and get away from the typhoon
because it was still pounding us raining
out
everybody's soaking wet we had to walk
through a river to get here hopefully
we'll be able to say happy birthday to
one thing that we really love about the
Philippines is that you can go into a
bar with your kids and nobody's gonna
harass you and tell you where you can't
go and tell you that you can't play pool
with your kids it's just a really good
feeling to be responsible for your own
actions and your family
oh I gave mommy David um already okay
all right so we just ran into little
girls that had baskets on their heads
that were selling stuff this is part of
traveling with kids
pretend like it's good right
the party's over here right are you
wanna go to a party one of the things we
love most about traveling is meeting new
people we met Tommy and Rebecca and have
been friends with them ever since you
got to check out their Instagram pages
when we woke up the next day we had no
idea that we're only steps away from the
ocean and anytime we're near the water
we've got to go check it out the storms
are rolling in the waves are getting big
you guys ready for this right what do
you think
whenever we travel we definitely
recommend having some water shoes so I
think we just found the most beautiful
part in the whole ocean okay we swam out
to about 40 feet of water and saw this
huge sea turtle you must have been 3
feet around all right we've got the big
turtle you guys see it right at the edge
of the cliff here
I have grown a lot because we went out
really far with no one there to help us
good for anything happened to the edge
panic I had fun we're traveling with
three temperamental kids so we just want
to keep it real and show you guys that
we have issues with our kids too but at
the end of the day it's all worth it my
god I'm either gonna be on camera but I
got it we can't wait to share our next
few videos with you guys as we discover
a ball bowl there's no - cow asan falls
we swim with schools of sardines so stay
tuned because we got a lot of epic cool
amazing fun videos coming up if you guys
like your videos make sure you subscribe
to our YouTube channel and follow us on
Instagram
and my girls on Facebook and whatever
you do make sure you get out there and
try something here
