[Music]
dude
we need to watch some more SB 19. last
week was crazy yeah this week's crazy
okay we need we need to watch some more
sb19 man
[Music]
it's a great day to play everybody
welcome on into the channel
[Music]
sometimes something new just comes out
and I don't mean for it to happen you
saved it with this balloon plane so I
appreciate it
thank you that's your first time here or
you are joining us thank you for being
here with us today your loved
appreciated always welcome here in this
Channel and you are enough today we're
going to be getting into uh a night full
of wonder with Disney plus so the the
way that I've been kind of explaining
this is that Disney plus kind of did
like this competition kind of thing
where they like brought these performers
from the Philippines in to sing
different songs and somebody's like Hey
we're gonna request them which is funny
because we've talked about this over and
over again like watching like wish 107.5
that like they're like oh you these
people should be in Disney I mean Disney
obviously the the exacts at Disney we're
watching the good kid dad Channel as
they do as they do because you know we
got quoted now so yeah and I'm Korean
hot so uh it's just like you know like
so they obviously are watching the good
Cadet Channel and they were like wow
that's a good idea and then they let's
pump up a billion dollars yeah they
stole the idea from us yeah without
giving us credit we're gonna get like
sued by Disney now
no press is bad press that's right and
uh and anyway so we're here today doing
this I don't know what what we're
expecting out of each of these videos at
all so we're just gonna play them and
we're just gonna go there's more than
one there's more than one there's gonna
be three total We're not gonna do them
all in one video we're gonna do them in
separate videos they're different
performances from whatever the show was
gotcha uh but here we go so like
subscribe hit the notification Bell if
you like stuff like this or if you like
us or if you want to see Disney sue us
or whatever it is you know do those
things check out all the stuff in the
links below without further ado
let's do it
[Music]
those empty chairs
just like shot during the pandemic
zephanie
[Music]
okay
[Music]
will come true
[Music]
if your heart is
[Music]
kind of got that like Ariana Grande
voice kind of going on a little bit it's
kind of flutters in between being really
compressed and really Dynamic it's do
you I don't know why this is bringing me
back to this but do you remember our
first grade musical I do I do remember I
do and that we were like in like because
you were in my were you in my class too
were you missing class Miss who Miss
England right next to Mr schechler yeah
were you in were you in her class with
me were we in the same classroom in that
class yeah Disney did we do were we the
Disney thing we were Orlando remember we
like saying all the Disney songs but
this is one of the songs we sing uh I
think I was in like some New York New
York thing I don't remember anyway yeah
this just reminded me of like the first
grade musical we did we did this and
always every time I hear this song I'm
most always like oh it pains me I don't
know why that first grade musical
haunted my dreams dude there's a lot of
work for some kids for some kids to be
doing they did well they did like oh
dude that Mr sheshler was like so
intense yes so intense far too intense
not well we were six oh first grade yeah
it was we were six crazy sorry
[Music]
very pretty
[Music]
of the story is
[Music]
okay
[Music]
I was waiting for that
[Music]
hold up let's go back to that
and sees you through
okay oh that transitional yeah
[Music]
okay
okay
[Music]
[Music]
Oh My Wish
I like those harmonies dude I like those
harmonies yeah
[Music]
[Music]
how far
[Music]
someone's ringing in my ears for a
second
um wow I'm so used to okay it's like
Gideon for a long time watched
basically two shows or a long time well
three but the main two that he switched
between for a long time were in Kanto
and
um and Moana yeah those were the two
which both of them are lin-manuel
Miranda so like the songs are just so
like if you're gonna if you're gonna be
stuck on two Disney shows then he
started putting in like Frozen two but
like the music is so so good for those
shows yeah I think that we forget
sometimes like the reasons it's songs
like this like can make it to pop radio
is like we've just gone beyond of like
just making normal Disney songs for
Disney shows right they're just making
like hits yeah how many of those songs
were like dude number one on like the
pop charts for a while and because they
were just so good surface pressure oh
dude uh that sounds so good oh man man
really cool
[Music]
one day
if I go there's just no telling how far
okay
[Music]
okay
[Applause]
[Music]
there she is dude
[Music]
that transition
that transition
okay who's next who's next
bring it I'm getting to this dude
there's something in like the 9k range
that's like ringing yeah
style of sb19 okay
[Music]
his upper mid range yeah he's got it
cool
[Music]
okay
[Music]
wow oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
what
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
dude
we need to watch some more SB 19. last
week was crazy yeah this week's crazy
okay we need to watch some more sb19 man
his vocals are crazy yeah that was
outlandish how flat those are like you
dude crazy in that range
crazy man right there crazy
I served all of life
[Applause]
oh
dude this song's so bad
[Applause]
[Music]
is he gonna do the high note right here
yeah
[Music]
okay
oh
nothing
can you show me
[Applause]
[Music]
cool harmonies on that
[Music]
[Applause]
into the United
[Music]
uh hey dude
[Music]
like you everyone you like you you want
to hate Disney you know
like you want to because they own the
world and it's a bad thing sort of or
whatever but like they know what's up
they know how to do it right like how
did you do that hey how'd you do that
like they found
oh
okay okay so Talent right the talent
that's coming out of the film and like
yes we haven't been we have not been
upset any single time that somebody's
like hey do a Philippines artist like
it's always been good yeah always always
right but like the amount of it that
they have like we haven't seen any of
these three yet right well technically
we saw him through sb19 but we've never
heard like I have never heard him like
that yeah right like clearly they the
things that we have seen have not
focused on his vocals but like the three
of them together how well their voices
worked like oh my God they don't have
and like not that it would matter if
they did but they don't even have
accents yes like what yeah and they're
from the Philippines right yeah how I
don't know and like the the way that
their vocals are like they're what I've
noticed about the Philippines is that
they it seems like they focus so much on
the vocal yeah as as opposed to like
some of the like the any dancing or
anything like that that's as far as I've
seen we haven't seen a lot yeah so maybe
they do but I mean in the in the in the
p-pop sector right obviously sb19 has
some dancing and stuff like that right
but I think that like you I think you're
exactly right I think it's more of like
the person I I think that there's
probably just a different caliber of
vocals like you can't you can't just be
pretty right you can't just be good
looking you can't just be handsome right
you gotta you gotta have vocals there
right wow you know man he is Louise that
was good I'm sweating was good let us
know what you guys thought there's gonna
to be more of these so make sure that
you if you if you like this one check
out uh more to come there's going to be
more somewhere around here this area or
this area there's a playlist somewhere
that'll pop up right yeah yeah he's got
words coming out hard memory time if
nobody tells you that they love you
today don't forget that we love you
you're appreciated always welcome here
and you are enough and last but
certainly not least it was a great day
to play thanks guys we will see you in
the next video
myself
[Music]
