you'll just take me down there yeah no
problem about money there are certain
unique things about the Philippines that
can be controversial among visitors and
travellers and flashback to the time we
were first time traveling to the
Philippines we have always wanted to
share our first impression we thought
with you here and here a top 10 first
impression we got from the Philippines
that blow our mind away completely as a
foreigners these are things we think are
gonna put you in chuckling moment and
might amaze you as well about the
Philippines and in this video you
basically see our first impression
toward the Philippines categorized into
two main paths which would be the first
impression we got from people of the
Philippines and the impression we got
from the country itself if you are solo
travelers especially or if you want to
make local friends wherever you go you
will love it here in the Philippines
there is no problem to make friends here
or from our experience Filipinos are
great at initiating the conversations
they can come up with so many questions
to ask you
and stories to tell you and that totally
makes you feel welcome and comfortable
as a travelers
helping to eat in South Korea I was in
the military school it's impossible that
you will feel ignored or lonely in the
Philippines as long as you are open to
the locals here Filipino kids we offer
high five with your first locals we say
hi a wave at you first people seems to
be very interested when they know you
are travelling to their countries and to
the next level that we experience they
will even invite you to eat with them
and their family as well we just saw it
on the side of the road nigga come on
come on come on try it try it try it
every sentence seems to end with po we
experienced this greatly in terms of
salamat po which at first we think all
together means thank you and then after
spending time in the Philippines for a
while we came to find out that it's
actually so hard to find the exact
meaning for po po is added among the
Filipinos basically to show politeness
it's kind of like saying kha or cop in
Thailand
speaking of politeness it seems like in
the Philippines it is common to address
everybody as ma'am or sir which the
title is not about feeling superior or
inferior or the status of hierarchy but
simply a matter of showing respect
greater respect in my opinion because
not only did we hear from the waitress
or waitresses in the restaurants call us
sir or ma'am but anybody we met called
the Sara ma'am seriously there's no
other country where we were called sir
ma'am as frequently as we were in the
Philippines
from that karaoke of course you buy in
the Philippines and the first thing you
get is a red horse and you hear karaoke
Philippines is the land of cotton and
singing we noticed people sing her okay
almost everywhere we happy new in the
Philippines
it was really good that I heard it
actually most of filipinos are really
good at speaking okay
speaking of fast food chain in Southeast
Asia anywhere we go we will always see
the dominance in McDonald which the
popularity among locals and number of
stores seem to outweigh the local fast
food restaurant or fast food chains of
course McDonald is world's largest
full-service organization however here
in the Philippines we instead notice
more numbers of local fast food setup
especially the popularity of Jollibee
which we see them more than we see
McDonald's one advantage Jollibee had
was offering hamburgers and other fast
food with the this thing Filipino flavor
pineapple with
the order is very very crispy very good
for instant jolly spaghetti has a sweet
meat sauce with hot dogs light fun fact
jollibee has capture more than 65
percent market share of hamburger market
in the Philippines so here if you are in
the Philippines and sometimes you feel
the need of having some burgers some
fast food fried chicken a spaghetti the
best way to still feel local Filipino
style taste and eat fast food at the
same time you should not miss jolly
Beadon to be honest with you before
going to the Philippines we have no idea
what is the history behind a country
itself we have just heard about the
beauty of the country from so many
people we met by traveling but when we
arrived there all the names either
street name city name island name people
name what is your name again da name
some sentences sounds so spanish to us
some architecture also look very Spanish
influence some of people we met there
even can speak Spanish together with
Tagalog and English fun factor do you
know that even the name of Philippines
itself was given to honor the king
philip ii of spain food in the
philippines offers a variety of tastes
that cater to almost everybody's liking
but one noticeable thing that filipinos
is fond of is eating pork you will be
able to get pork everywhere you go
especially in Seibu one of the more
popular foods of the Philippines on
special occasions is lei Sean which is a
whole pig roasted over a charcoal fire
for the meat lovers you will love the
Philippines and for vegetable lovers you
really won't see as much vegetables you
will see some but you will mainly see
lots of
money in the Philippines is no problem
if you are in need of help you will get
help and money does not matter in this
case Wow
and I would say this is actually really
really shocking to me
Hunan Moonan waterfall no monk belongs
oh yeah he should be right down there
right who gave you I have like 25 pesos
in my pocket man I don't know I can't
afford a guide I have no faith or guide
you in genetic weight do you know you'll
just take me down there yeah no problem
about money okay all right thank you
when we broke down in southern say boo
on our motorbike we were far far away
from the city limits where we can't get
the motorbike fix we were stranded but
the Filipinos came to help us and fix
the motorbike and incredibly when we
offered them money they did not want any
money in return
let us know in the comments below if you
feel like these things we share with you
will blow your mind away as well as we
hope this video is helpful for you and
managing your expectations on what you
might see and experience while being in
the Philippines by no means do we want
to criticize this country we are here to
basically share our experience we have
had with you and we do believe that once
in a lifetime you have to visit this
country the Philippines has plenty to
offer to everybody either the best
island getaways mountains stunning
nature food culture and even people
thank you so much for watching and if
you're planning your trip to the
Philippines make sure you check out our
travel essential and packing checklist
completely free at divert living.com
or below in the description box
