[Music]
if I'm honest this sucks
anything I feel like I'm being pranked
ah this is crazy
[Music]
welcome to column one island in the
Philippines and look most people come
here for the Sun and the sandy beaches
but I'm here to feasts my face off these
next three weeks on palawan will be like
nothing you've ever seen I'm talking
tracking through Wildman broke just to
catch a wild snack I've never worked
this hard or even something that I know
I like like a stuffed crust pepperoni
pizza I'm talking eating some fresh
crocodile meat he's trying to make
choking sounds he's trying to make me to
look like a bad guy I'm not even and I'm
talking the most epic homemade little
bite you have ever seen right now we are
headed south of cordial Princesa to hunt
someone let's do this
[Music]
right now we are in search of the
elusive woodworm and it could be
anywhere around any corner under a sewer
grate but most likely inside a piece of
wood the local palawan ins take pride in
their unusual woodworm delicacy eaten by
loads of tourists and Filipinos alike
legend has it that these gooey worms can
give a man a bedroom stamina boost it's
tasty but sometimes it's all really hard
to to to catch it but who are they
selling it - who is he eating this it's
local some tourists especially those
people who like exotic food I wish I
could meet someone like that one day
today I'm joined by some of Palawan
finest my guide Rex and two countryside
locals who are basically taking me to
their backyard with axes in hand to hunt
some worms and I call them the ax men
are you guys part of the superhero group
the ax men I can come back hey yo your
front of the superhero that's meant me a
scary Joe I knew that was a solid joke
they were expert you know hunting time
you look so they make a living just
hunting the joint summertime a leek
that's a unique job this other
professional worm hunters yes part of
the year but seriously do you know that
ax men like x-men for part of the year
these guys make their living selling
small bags of worms for 200 pesos or
about $4 a piece but finding the worms
is not so easy I'm giving up on the
shoes there's just no point I thought
we're going to a beach bro where's the
beach is right there all right I got to
hide these from bears right we've been
trekking for actually three four hundred
meters the mythical beach is like
another kilometer away hold on what is
their plan you're going on down there we
can going there go through this is rough
this doesn't even a trail on okay I know
this guy this guy's like dude this is
American guys such a yeah I know I am
all right we're so we're going in we're
going off the trail we're going in
that okay in cut we have no choice but
to go off trail descending into the
mangroves one kilometer from the beach
where a mix of seawater and freshwater
create the perfect environment and
feasting grounds for our prized tab you
lock
we don't have boots we're going out
Trail with bare feet it sucks all right
hey any worms over there oh he said yeah
but then he pointed forward that means
no fine everything's fine just stepped
on a thousand things already
I can probably walk like a kilometer per
hour at fastest through here too
ridiculous but I heard that the worms
are closed we must press on finally our
vigilant hunters spot a log with tiny
protruding traces of what might be our
Woodward's so there's lots of little
holes here on the side that shift so
we're hoping there's some wood worms in
here but there's only one way to find
out for sure look at this what the Frick
oh is that a big worm that's that's it
right there yeah yeah we did oh there it
is they've cut it in half now they're
gonna split it in half and hopefully
reveal all these beautiful worms inside
there it is open it up oh yeah baby
let's take a look whoa oh it's oh honey
wait so that's the head I'm gonna say
this almost makes this whole freakin
hike worth it because this is really
cool some giant worms inside these
things are hefty
and dense I'm gonna try pulling it out
now here we go oh oh it's so it's slimy
but if the skin feels kind of thick
Wow and it can come right out of the
hole oh it's like a footlong flip-flop
look at that what the heck that is the
mouth that looks bizarre whoa
and then that's the butt okay that's the
butt uh-huh yeah yeah yeah we can't eat
this here right they're saying that
they're actually eating that during the
time that we catch it yeah where's the
vinegar even though there's some pretty
good I usually I'm sorry I can only eat
worms if I have vinegar guys I don't
know okay you need to clean that one
need to clean that one all right so
right now he's taking off one mouthpiece
and he kind of slid it open and cleaned
out the poop from inside he dumps it in
the in what I call it Giardia bisque is
he gonna eat it now yeah come okay Tammy
LOC are also known as chip worms or
termites of the sea they're technically
saltwater clams with soft long naked
bodies notorious for boring holes into
and destroying docks and ships so before
they can cause any more destruction we
have to eat them I'm gonna I'm totally
gonna eat this I'm not gonna eat it here
right now okay
I'm gonna wait till I can just wash it
off with some fresh water I think if I
eat it now I'm gonna be on the toilet
for the rest of the week I'm just
getting used to holding it okay for me
that's step one get used to holding it
become friends and then I'll be happy to
eat tons of them all right let's collect
our bounty and go home
[Music]
with wood worms in hand we head to a
local culinary landmark kena Booch you
get it yeah all right cool the pooch is
the best place to chill in puerto
princesa cooking up classic Filipino
foods some more exotic fare like
crocodile si si and their own in-house
specialties like fried Tammy law but
more on that one later they have kindly
cut the heads and butts off of our
weren't so I'm gonna eat this one but
what do we do
I'm using a pork I'm gonna split it oh
it splits right okay and then we wash it
out here you wasn't there I gotta say I
feel slightly more comfortable washing
it here than in the swamp water and damn
look at that so I just eat this whole
thing
yeah somebody was telling me today that
it's good for stamina yeah tonight after
eating this I'm gonna have a lot of
stamina yeah what happens if I have
stamina and I'm all alone in my hotel
room what do you do when you're in a
hotel by yourself with loads of stamina
all right let's do it
one two three oh it's so good
what what's the taste
I'm gonna taste it tastes like regret it
dissolve it swallow man you know Wow oh
my fingers it's lingering oh man it's
like kind of like a snail there's still
some sandy grit inside huh it is like a
warm loogie in your mouth like when you
you know when you like that thing that
tastes also like an almost boy stur I'm
feeling the stamina they call it wood
worm for a reason you don't see one
number two we're gonna try it with the
vinegar oh you got a monster piece here
bro that's awesome mad respect to you
cheers let's do this huh hmm okay it is
still like a giant goober it's like a
raw oyster but even more smushy they
also have a fried version somehow
they've done it they put breading on it
they fried it this time let's just go
straight with the vinegar bottoms up
mmm-hmm you can't even tell that to worm
it's just super crunchy a ton of
breading on them then you just got that
sourness from the vinegar this is just
proof you can literally fry anything and
it'll taste good but if you're going for
the full experience you have to go raw
thank you my dear I appreciate it
how about throwing a thumbs up we've got
these worms ourselves do you understand
me of my work that went into this video
the amount of passion
leave a comment what's your favorite
worm hmm that is it for today I will see
you next week a piece
[Music]
[Music]
