I'm so Asian he wants to kill us for no
reason a Filipino family was attacked by
a white man and a McDonald's
drive-through this is their story
me and my daughter went to McDonald's
when I'm about to pay all of a sudden
when I rolled down my window things had
escalated quickly
from a simple traffic collision to
verbal abuse and escalating even further
into an actual assault
it was at a public space too so a lot of
people were coming by it was the best
idea to call Dad for help because again
we live five minutes away after I parked
I call 9-1-1
he's about to go inside of my car to get
my daughter me and my husband trying to
stop him he pushed my husband
[Music]
we have hit that guy here and say at
first I didn't feel any pain I just
recounted my wife and daughter trying to
get myself off him
[Music]
when I'm about to separate them that's
the time that
hey
how many people that passing by that
they don't care
he put his arm on my right arm
and at the same time he's choking me and
then the only the only part of my body
is working on is which is my left arm I
push my daughter away because I know if
he's trying if she's trying to help me
or she's trying to help me she's gonna
be hurt too the words that it came from
his mouth that I'm so Asian he will kill
us he will kill my family we don't know
him and we didn't hurt him at all we
didn't say any word he's just like he
wants to kill us for no reason imagine I
thought it's gonna be watching the news
but all of a sudden one day it happened
to me and especially to my daughter I
can
feel my body shaking
that's how much uh in fear I was at that
moment well my best decision that I
thought at that time was to pull my
phone out and take photos and videos If
we don't have any help or any evidence
to support the incident we have proof
and it was ours that helped it arrived
and both of my parents were already
assaulted and I think it was only
subsided because of two two people that
stood up to defend me and my family when
you see both of your parents on the
ground
not being able to ask for help there are
a lot of times where I'd wish that I was
the one that had been in their stand
when I actually got to the scene my dad
was actually hospitalized that night I
didn't actually get to sleep because I
had to take care of my dad who was
waiting in line for like six hours I
mean the entire morning until
early morning the longer it took for
them to look at me I mean the pain kept
them gradually densifying to a point I
could not stand up and move anymore but
all the while while I was telling them
that I am hurting I am hurting I am
waiting okay I mean nobody paid
attention all they said was you have to
wait your turn sir and I wasn't even
allowed to visit him in the hospital at
that moment I was just like in survival
mode if that makes sense like I had to
just do what needs to be done so as not
to you know like pass out or even
um break down entirely so
every time I see
I see some
guy like look like him or when it
getting dark even if nobody's following
me I need to run need to be strong
because no matter what I need to go to
work
for my family I hope I can easily tell
to myself that I can erase everything in
one second if you can see the whole
video
there's a part in there that he just
mocking us like Chinese word
so he thought that we are Chinese so we
know from the beginning that in their
head the Asian is the one who bring this
Kobe in this country or all over the
world but no matter what he's not
supposed to hurt anyone this racism
stuff I just was not dead in America it
was still there but you know I didn't
know it was still
that very much inherent but only hidden
I mean it is a lot of my perception
about what America is actually you know
I thought before you know when you watch
the movies and it's called 9-1-1 the
cops will be there right away it's not
the case I'm a healthcare workers I
provide care
I give lives I help people I'm not
hurting anyone and the way I look
America before I I look at them like top
of the sky
and after these incidents it's it's not
the way I I look at it before because I
didn't know that because of my Asian and
I'm immigrant
that's how they treat all the immigrants
and all Filipino here in United States
I thought it's just like you're watching
TV TV novellas but no because it
happened to me and my family considering
how they view America as a whole and how
I view things differently from them I
think they did have faith in the legal
system but now they started to see how
it actually is for people like us does
not come as a surprise but it does give
us a an experience of what it feels like
to be the ones on the receiving end of
that system and wanting Justice and help
that that we need from them about the
government
helping there's a part that from the
beginning they're advertising they're
there for for all the victims but that's
not exactly what happening and then
aside from that the Philippine consulate
it takes like five months before they
get in touch with us you know if we
didn't really if the group it'd be my
God the group didn't really push for it
with the media I mean they wouldn't get
that much attention from the police and
the legal system they try to dissuade
you from pursuing the case saying you
know it's going to be expensive in the
lawyer like that I am thankful for the
support group that all of these
Community organizations the organization
that I'm actually volunteering with has
helped me the most the Filipino Migrant
Center as well as the National Alliance
for Filipino concerns you're actually
able to get pro bono lawyers pool was
glad to represent a sync work free of
charge
so you can see from
site
so you can see all the details and all
updates I encourage you to join these
organizations volunteer for the Filipino
ligand center it's not just entering and
hate with the pandemic too a lot of
Filipino workers are actually suffering
with poor working conditions
exploitation wage stuff the more we
raise about it the more we can bring
light to it and actually do something
about it we want to be a voice for other
countless victims of hate crime times
that are too afraid to speak up thinking
that they won't have any support
thinking that they'll be deterred from
the legal system that's supposed to help
them I myself I just keep on praying
my concern released for the safety of my
family I mean no ill will or bad fortune
happens to them because of what we are
doing this campaign for justice we're
doing pretty soon our first court trial
is going to be start so that's one of
the big thing also that we really really
need a biggest big sport because the
more people that coming on the court
trial the more that we're giving
pressure
foreign
[Music]
volunteer with the National Alliance for
Filipino concerns which has been closely
supporting the Roque family ever since
they were attacked since the pandemic
the media has been saturated with
reports of numerous attacks on members
of the Asian Community when it comes
time to seek Justice rarely is it ever
served nor is it timely it raises the
question of who and what will actually
be on the side of the victims with every
court date every rally and every appeal
they have to go to the road case forego
the stability they all have in the name
of fighting for our community so please
help the rokes in their pursuit of
justice and building strong communities
it is through solidarity that we can
truly protect each other and dismantle
the system that created this violent
culture of racism we must continue to
show up for the Asian Community come to
the hearings and bring a friend or
family and we need all the support that
we can get
foreign
