now I know what you thinking Dre where's
this where's that listen let me just go
out my own pace I won't get there
obviously I'm late to this reaction as
you can tell but I'll be yours I haven't
heard girls in so long so I'm excited
for this damn alright so we about to
check this out I can't wait so let's get
it let's begin yeah hi my name is
Jasmine and then I'm era where huge
offense we love big bang we love GRA the
only way is the kpop way lay my intro
[Music]
I'm terrible watch girls day man that's
no good that's no good for girls day
yeah hold up cuz I have a feeling that
I'm gonna be a little bit of okay let's
get into this get some yellow socks to
be stopped
number five Yeti
yes girl why does it look so Oh Mina
Mina right I'm sure I remember all the
names right now so yeah so June
where's your uh your there's a bias
though but they're all so beautiful look
at him look at him there you go girl
[Music]
okay all these boys fighting for you
like I'm sorry for being a dude and
looking I mean she she's doing this too
so how can I like look okay girl get
that piano better work better work work
oh damn she going to she going in
[Music]
put some fish nets up oh do they notice
yes they do you look at all fine oh girl
you got sneaky a problem then what like
Cinderella
she looks so cute with the boxing gloves
in the white dress
[Music]
I'll be you and I'll be you okay my god
anthem again oh damn this is a boxy look
up there you wait what does happen this
Oh crow get them vocals well they
actually burned it up mix tape
oh [ __ ] mix tape fire get y'all girl oh
[Music]
my god estoy Girl's Day
I miss y'all
[Music]
girl you know which one of these you
know you just want to get new shoes you
could've just asked me I will pay for it
are they in the fire what is going on
like they're they'll do anything to be
theirs
oh he's lucky he get to share a elevator
hmm hello okay girl so cute fellas
little stroke damn okay
you're not Tobin get it
hey let them legs you know he done
like that oh girl girls day every day
what did I get this like title this is
like what I would do like in my reaction
videos no like who's your favorite like
my favorite I don't know it's how to
choose I stop my biases Gilda but I'm
talking to cardboard you realize this
girl's day every day number five I'll be
yours obviously I'm late with this I'm
sorry but yo I enjoyed it visually and
the music got me bumper even though I
wasn't like getting down with it like I
shouldn't be like I should be like more
like yeah you know say it seems like the
type of song you would do that too but I
was distracted so the box man she kicked
him in the face all of a sudden no girls
they distract you with her dancing and
the flashy booty shorts nothing they're
not booty shows this shorts kind of wish
to thank you for the recommendation
thank you for telling me what is
happening that I missed and yes I'll be
getting down to every hopefully everyone
yes I'll be getting to your face I see
in it comes down below don't worry just
enjoy this reaction video and then you
know thank you for waiting patiently
feel a lot more better today than
yesterday with my body and health so
your boys kind of coming back to the
swing of things
hi y'all thank you guys for watching
like this video share this video and
subscribe this your boy JRE from JRE
came out like I'm spittin it's like show
me the money audition
keep on dreaming dreamers dream beliefs
do repeat if you have a dream out there
put some hard work and I might just come
true anyways thank you guys for watching
bye
hey subscribe okay it's okay like yeah
yeah thank you so much haha
[Music]
