so if the Philippines is on your bucket
list here are five foods you've got to
try before you leave and I was there for
a month so I had time to try everything
all right number one you need to eat Ube
anything they give you Ube dessert Ube
drinks Ube Tres Leches
concoctions everything
try it and if you're wondering what Ube
is it's a purple yam that I've never
seen in the U.S and it's native to the
Philippines but they grind it up and
make a ton of different desserts out of
it it is the number one thing you
absolutely must try if you go to the
Philippines honestly I can't really
describe the taste it's very unique all
I'll say is I am one of many who love
the taste of Ube so if you get a chance
or if you're in the US and you want to
sample something U.S made Ube you can go
to Trader Joe's they have a lot of Ube
flavored cookies and things like that
and if you're in New York I would
definitely look out for some Filipino
food festivals there's one coming up in
July 9th I would definitely attend that
so that you can get to try the closest
thing to what you would get in the
Philippines all right up next you have
to try banana Cube so there's two
versions it looks like this or it looks
like this the dope boy-ish looking one
is my favorite personally and since it's
made out of banana it kind of makes me
feel less guilty about using it if you
like Doughboys just Envision it with a
banana twist and I don't know how that
sounds to you but I promise you it will
be delightful go ahead and try them both
because you're in the Philippines you
only get one chance might as well now I
need to know have y'all tried this food
before if you had if you've tried any of
these foods go ahead and list it in the
comments let us know if you liked it how
you liked it and if you have any
recommendations for specific stores to
go to in the Philippines I want to know
because Sharon is caring here okay let's
get into some fruits and I know fruits
probably last on your list it was for me
but good old Thelma shout outs to you
Thelma she took me to the grocery store
and we looked at all the different
fruits and I tried a bunch of them here
are all the pictures but my favorite was
lanzones I think I'm pronouncing it
correctly lanzones you have to try it it
looks like a basic potato on the outside
and the taste it's kind of like sweet
and sour like a Jolly Rancher the
closest thing a Jolly Rancher could be
to fruit and it is honestly like my
favorite fruit in the world right now so
that tells you something it tells you a
lot now if you like banana trips or
dried mango you have to have it in the
Philippines like authentic authentic
version you thought you didn't need it
is here it is a must you cannot leave
the Philippines without trying their
version of dried mango or banana chips
it tastes like I didn't even know it
needed to be authentic I thought it was
already but it's it's just it's just
good I'm gonna leave it at that this is
helpful right go ahead and click the
like button to let me know that these
are some tips you're going to be using
in your upcoming trip now another thing
you must try and this is another fruit
but once again we do not get this in the
US it is the calamansi fruit and they
make juice out of it it is so refreshing
so tasty just Envision yourself on a
beach sipping something super refreshing
and just fulfilling that's what it's
going to be again we don't have this
fruit in the U.S so it's like a citrusy
taste to it but like more on the sweeter
side if that makes sense and if you pass
a bread shop definitely stopped in
because there are tons and tons of
different options they probably cost
like a couple of cents each just stop in
try it it is a must you will enjoy it
they're nice and warm and tasty and they
have coconut ones try that one that was
my favorite and I think I also tried
like a cheese like one that was a
favorite too so this was part one of my
Philippines series but here's a bonus
let me show you how I'm able to travel
abroad long term and save big in fact
you should follow these seven exact tips
and click this video to get them
