yo what's up everybody chill by Jay re
and right now I know y'all gotta be
asking me like y'all where is the boys
I'm like boys the only boys I knew
growing up was you know I just want to
educate y'all on boys the man I like me
some boys the man and I just want to you
know show you some women like you
[Music]
[Music]
now I've been here about the boys and
their song called boy y'all wanted me to
check this out I'm gonna check it out
the boys boy let's go let's get it come
on right off the bat damn
oh my god there's a lot of lot of boys
oh you are ain't know I'm gonna be
struggling with names hmm now that
little shot in the beginning no way let
me let me replay that back actually hold
on hold on hold on hold on look at that
like a domino effect that's pretty dope
that's dope okay well you got drugs and
everything
[Music]
let's think about like up a group we
like a lot of people like maybe more
than five that their choreo when there's
like a lot of guys and they're all in
sync our girls are all in sync looks so
dope what happened bro you jealous look
at that like they're all up that's
pretty dope
[Music]
it's boy boy boy got the classic you
know all drones
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
is there like a performance video only
like this is them dancing that'll be
dope so much I feel like this is the
thing about like oh okay
oh you just gonna move walk while I'm
eating he like oh he's all he wants show
off I'm a dance too
[Music]
as though that classic dancing in the
subway scene you know I don't know if
it's classic
I think it's been done before but I
always liked that kind of like dance
solos hmm okay this is like we gonna
battle it out oh they give it looks
though we gonna dance it out that's
though there's so much see that's why
anything that has like a lot of people
in the group I see
nothing remember everyone unless I just
already know I'm gonna have trouble Oh
some of this spying on you
and he not having it okay these long
stairs Dale okay
oh damn they had captions did not know I
had caste IBF and up hold up let me go
through it again look at that I'm the
only one your boy and eyes looking at
you yeah I dreamed of you please hold my
hands okay I'll take you you'll show a
magic book what kind of magic close your
eyes and call me let me show you show
you my world oh you make me breathe okay
please find me first of all I am too
young to be a father so you are not my
boy boy boy I'll be a big bro to you I
mean he's selfish I'm your only boy like
damn he's selfish you don't want to
share slightly call my name now what the
Oh
Sosa move you make me breathe and that's
important because if you don't breathe
they gonna die so the fact that you they
pick these shots this is good for like
this their debut right so they have to
show like the individual guys shots like
act you know just staring looking cute
like like oh hey kind of ish boys okay
boys boy okay yeah yeah that's why she
had to take a second look no mostly
because I wanted to know the lyrics I
see why you're recommending it to me and
I was feeling I definitely was feeling
it kind of gave up life with like
learning a big group names because as
you can tell over the years I suck at
that I mean it is what it is
uh if I like the music I'm just gonna
listen to the music anyways y'all thank
you guys for always recommending me like
music like new music to check out and if
I sometimes I do get to them something I
don't but if I do thank you Oh keep on
giving me recommendations
edia thank you guys for watching like
this video share this video and
subscribe
get your dreamer hats link in
description down below and yeah hey
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
