[Music]
I wanted to cover two items immigration
items that you should probably be aware
of especially if you're gonna be here
long term not so much if you're gonna be
here short term the first one is the
exit clearance it's also called the ECC
now the exit clearance is something you
will need only if you have been in the
Philippines for a continuous six months
or more so if you've been in the
Philippines less than six months you
don't need to worry about it but if you
have been in the Philippines for more
than six months then before you can
board your flight you can book the
flight but before you can actually take
your flight to leave the Philippines
about two weeks before your flight go to
the immigration office and and let them
know you're gonna be leaving you've been
here more six months you want an exit
clearance or the ECC they will go ahead
and process it for you now it varies
from office to office you can ask them
to expedite it and sometimes they will
I've had it happen one time where I told
them hey it's Friday my flight is Sunday
night I really need this right now
you know basically I went at the last
minute and they said okay and I think I
paid an extra thousand peso 20 bucks and
they had it for me within half an hour
you know all they had to really do is
run some paperwork through the NBI and
Interpol whatever and then you're clear
and that's the whole purpose of the exit
clearance they just want to do one last
check on you that you haven't committed
any crimes you're not wanted by Interpol
there's no outstanding warrants they
just want to make sure before they they
let you leave the country after you've
been here for six months so it's a very
simple procedure it costs about five
hundred pesos which is about ten bucks
and again I recommend you get it two
weeks before your departure date not
only because it may more likely take 3-4
days they might do it and then say okay
come back in 3-4 days and then we'll
give it to you it's a little paper
certificate thing
the other reason is you want to go early
because you may if you wait for the last
minute and you think oh I've got two
three days left there may be a holiday
involved that you have no idea about a
Philippine holiday and so that's gonna
push things back you know you'll end up
running out of time so two weeks before
your flight that you're gonna leave the
Philippines after you've been here for
six months
get that ECC certificate clearance and
then you'll be all good
keep it with you when you go to the
plane they may ask to see it you'll pass
there like an immigration desk and just
hand it to them with your passport and
your itinerary and you'll be fine now
one last thing is the ECC there are
immigration satellite offices on just
about every island the problem is that
for the ECC they only do it in certain
main branches they will do it at the
Cebu office in Monday we I know for sure
they do it there because that's where I
got my last one they will also do it at
the one in Manila and I've been told
they will do it at the one in Iloilo and
also out into vow anything beyond that I
really don't know of many main branches
again main branches which are able to
issue an ECC so start looking at this
two weeks before your departure date
because if you're on ceiba hole you'll
need to get over to Cebu or if you're in
whatever if you're in late day you may
need to go to Manila so you'll have to
calculate that time in for travel and
whatnot okay so that's the ECC the exit
clearance now second item is the it's
kind of a unique situation it rarely
comes up it happened to come up for me
and it's possible it'll come up for you
now here's the situation you've been in
the Philippines you already came in with
your passport you've been getting your
visa renewals you know for tourist visa
everything is great and then you realize
oh well you know my passport is going to
expire in nine months or so and you
cannot travel you also can
not get a visa extension with
immigration if you have less than six
months though validity on your passport
so let's say that your passport is going
to expire in December just as an example
that means that after June you cannot
get another visa extension until you get
a new passport so what you want to do is
in that last year of validity on your
passport you want to somewhere around
March when you still got nine months of
validity left to it you want to go and
apply at the consulate there's a whole
separate video I'll put a link here in
the comment section on how to do that to
get your your renewal your renewed
passport so you're good for another ten
years
at least American passports are good for
two to ten years this way start when
you've still got nine months validity on
it that way you can get the new passport
and then you can get your visa
extensions and you can leave the country
if you need to again the most airlines
and immigration between the two are not
going to let you fly anywhere if you
have less than six months validity on
your passport if they do it's a rarity
it just happens that immigration and
that particular airport are gonna be
okay with it don't count on it you don't
want to be basically locked in country
waiting on a passport if you've got a an
emergency you need to get home for so
take care of this on like your ninth
ninth year third month when you've got
nine months left on your passport get
your new passport now
here's what comes up is when your
passport you get the new one so now you
got your old passport you got your new
passport your old passport has your visa
stickers in it you know even your most
recent one saying for your visa
extension your new passport of course is
brand new it's got no stickers on it now
you would think that for your next
visa renewal you could walk in with both
passports you could say here you know
this
that I'm valid and up-to-date and my new
one just start putting the new stickers
here you'd think it would be that simple
it's not in the Philippines before they
will put new visa extension stickers on
your new passport before they will do
that they decided to add a step in which
is where a a process has to happen with
immigration that they issue you a
transfer stamp they want to issue a
transfer stamp so that they can begin
issuing stamps on your new passport
based on the old stamps in your old
passport okay that's just a decision
they made here's where it gets messy the
the transfer stamp right now in 2018 is
no longer being done in Cebu and it's
not being done at any of the satellite
offices on Cebu so you need to have it
done in Manila now you got two choices
again it's it's a step that has to
happen and it has to happen in Manila if
you're not if you're in Cebu small small
chance you can get it done on any other
Island if any of you guys know about
being able to get a transfer stamp
somewhere other than Manila go ahead and
put a comment in the comment section but
otherwise you cannot get a new tourist
visa extension on your new passport
until you get this transfer stamp put in
so if you happen to be near Manila great
or you're willing to fly to Manila
anyways cuz you don't mind the expense
and it'll be kind of a jaunt to go goof
off then great take a flight down to
Manila and make an appointment at the
immigration office there and then you
can get your transfer stamp but if you
really don't want to hassle going to
Manila go to the major malls and I
recommend then you find a reputable
travel agency that handles this
particular task in if you're in Cebu
there
one called oldest he's been in business
for over 25 years I know the guy
personally and he runs all this travel
agency they do SR RVs they do anything
dealing with immigration they handle
fiance visas and they handle this
transfer stamp issue so what you can do
is go to that yalla mom walk into his
office he's there in the services
department and basically they have a
courier who will will take everything to
Manila and deal with it there and they
will wait in the line they will get it
all done and then ship it back to pickup
for you to pick up here in the mall in
Cebu and that will save you the trip
you know you'll of course pay the fees
that are required for that plus you'll
pay all this you know the agency
something for their trouble again I
don't want to give any prices now
because prices can change over time
again I'll put a link to where you can
contact them here in the in the comment
section and and basically you're paying
them for the service to do this for you
and they will handle it they'll get the
passport there get the passport back
they know it's important they only use
trusted couriers they've worked with and
and then then you're done you don't have
to take a flight all the way to Manila
and pay for the hotel and the flight and
the food and all that you can just pay
the fee and you're done with it
but just so that you know again if you
to recap if you've been in the country
more than six months you're gonna need
that ECC clearance get it two weeks
before your departure date and if you
have a brand new passport that you get
while you're in the Philippines before
you can start putting these extensions
on that you're gonna need to get this
transfer stamp which as of now can only
be done in Manila so again you can get a
reputable travel agency there in the
mall I recommend the ones in the mall do
you know where you can find them you
know and you can ask on the expat groups
get a reputable reference from one of
the expat groups as well alright so I
hope that helps you avoid any hassle or
problems and we'll talk to you later in
the comment section see you then
[Music]
[Music]
you
