well the thing about the Old Diplomat Hotel is that there's a lot of things that go bump in the night
Can we just go and see if there's something
there I think if you do something to get
them accurate and then probably do
something that you're facing
this was a place that people were
tortured and died
hi guys thank you so much for tuning in
to Amy's Crypt today I am taking you to
the most haunted place in the
Philippines known as the Old Diplomat
Hotel I'm going to be covering it's
gruesome history ghost stories and we're
also going to be sticking around for a
nighttime paranormal investigation but
before we get to it I just wanted to let
you all know that this is a very special
video filmed in collaboration with a
good friend of mine and fellow youtuber
Sir Spooks Sir Spooks makes the spookiest
and scariest videos on the Internet I
adore them and I know that you guys will
too
I'm linking his channel below so go
check it out when you're done here with
possible by pine city fright tours who
operate out of Baguio in the philippines
so if you guys are ever in town and want
to have haunted adventures of your own
check them out I'm linking their
Facebook below let's jump straight in to
the Old Diplomat Hotel
all right guys so I'm currently in the
Old Diplomat Hotel
this place is fought to be one of the
most haunted places in the Philippines
was actually built back in 1913 through
to 1915 as the dominican hill retreat
house and that was for a lot of local
friars and nuns to be able to come here
from the city of pine here in the
philippines as of world war ii sort of
came about this place experienced a lot
of dark events it was actually taken
over by the Japanese who made it look as
though it was a place for refugees
trying to escape them and they literally
drew people here to torture and murder
them so there was a lot of really
terrible crimes that were committed by
this special Japanese police force that
occupied this building and that includes
rape violation torture murder Massacre
it's even said that a lot of nuns and
priests that refused to leave this place
during that time were also executed here
so also during the war as the
Philippines were being liberated this
place was even bombed and it did sustain
some damage and it said that the
Japanese people who were currently
occupying the space and didn't want to
surrender or be captured committed
suicide here within the odds of them at
hotel after the war this place was
actually left abandoned until it was
taken over by a man in the 1970s who
actually had it converted into a hotel
of about 30 odd rooms and he used it as
a place to draw people with terminal
illness came to be a psychic healer and
set about healing them though a lot of
his techniques didn't really work and he
was a little bit of a con artist
he actually
managed to gain quite a following from
them and even gains a cult-like status
the hotel was actually abandoned again
in the 80s when this man died of a heart
attack within the hotel and it's been
left abandoned basically since then and
has since accumulated many many ghost
stories and they're supposed to be
paranormal activity to happen here all
of the time it's certainly one of the
most allegedly haunted and notorious
places in the entire Philippines a lot
of the paranormal activity said to occur
here includes sightings of apparitions
some of these without a face some of
them without a head very common are
priests and nuns to be seen as well
there's also a lot of disembodied voices
a lot of these are usually in pain so
crying or screaming has even been the
voices of children heard here as well
which is particularly disturbing I am
gonna be coming back here at night to do
some paranormal investigations so make
sure you guys are subscribed and stay
tuned also need to apologize for the
sounds this by day is a tourist
attraction so there are a lot of people
coming through here making a lot of
noise alright guys I am currently inside
the Old Diplomat Hotel and I am joined
by Anton who runs ghost tours here
all throughout Baguio they're called
Pine City Fright Tours
excellent he covers all of the best
parts of vacations here especially the
Old Diplomat Hotel he's been coming
here for years and he's very well versed
in this places history as well as its
ghost stories so I really just wanted to
ask you a bit about the ghost stories
all of those president wanting with this
building like who are at residences in
it well there are a number of different
sightings here in the building
the most famous one would be supposedly
this priest or they know I'm a big
basically call him the black priest it's
a very dark shadowy figure phantasm that
has been seen actually on the third
floor
he's also been seen roaming the second
floor as well well claim to have
actually captured pictures or
photographs or videos of him roaming the
place and then also very different you
have also the priest that goes that the
priests who are also see you on the
first floor and then the person you have
a number of nuns were also seeing in the
first floor as well and of course there
are different multiple other sightings
were what they hear like sounds and what
seems to be like people crying or the
sounds of children or the sounds of some
Japanese soldier just talking for
themselves in one of the rooms it's it's
basically pretty common actually here
and by for this thing to happen
especially here in a diplomatic time so
you run the Ghost Tours and you bring
people through at night yes yes we start
like in the afternoon that's really
between four all the way up to like 7:30
up to a p.m. and these reports come from
a lot of people who have been here
before look like tourists or primarily
on
chimera Hawk she just you know like like
goes honorary supporter and there are
cases of like famous or known groups
that actually under before the
paranormal investigators from many
countries they also claimed to have
captured evidence of these kind of
activities so you would tie me a really
pricey good story that I could out the
front of the hotel teenages sure well
there's actually interesting story I was
actually conducting a tour this is about
2008 hurricane 18 I was with a group of
people where roughly between 25 and 30
people that we were all outside now it's
basically including the torte and I was
saying we might devise a mess of things
just by showing them out of the Sun
without any warning whatsoever my guests
started to be hot and they were
basically surprised they were like
sobbing take your like you know 20 out
there and they were like and they've
kind of indicate that they were seeing
something up there and then on the
second floor in one of the windows and
then I don't have been a doggie but I
didn't want to
and you know I didn't get to see it but
everyone started taking pictures so
finally I turn around then I I miss it
by a few but a second or two and I saw
something would look like a figure on
the second floor in one of the windows
looking down at us and then it
disappeared they step back and it's
completely vanished now in the first
fact everything was blocked I made sure
the second floor was nobody go up there
anymore and then you know and I hope
that the pictures that everybody captured
but they got two shots the first one
being a figure of a man standing near
the window looking down at everyone at
us and in the second shot and what it
did wasn't actually wait like it raised
its head and said Here I am and it was
interesting and I saw it as pleasantly
surprised I said okay I didn't expect
that and that's you know and this ain't
got it I have to put an ad that goes
friendlier he has tried to acknowledge
that it's there and these kind of things
do happen
most times or occasionally on the tour
there will be multiple sometimes and
then we'll actually see something or
some
I thought someone or it would physically
interact with with the guests
yeah that one I think is amazing it just
is really compelling because it was
multiple people yeah that's all right
it was cool on camera yeah and you know
that the building was not just one
camera everybody together yeah that's
sort of crazy do you feel like telling
us a story earlier about how they're
going to be diving from there are
suppose it wasn't thing about the
diplomatic tell us that there's a lot of
things that honestly there are a lot of
most definitely yes most of them are
relatively friendly some are neutral of
the other ones are generally
occasionally if you don't if you do
something to get them accurate and then
probably do something for you physically
it does happen like there was like I was
mentioning the history about the house
building and especially a guy named Tony
about all the of power the guy who
actually ran a place from in the 80s in
the 70s to the age and then he died in
one of the rooms in a room that he kept
himself and what happened was mr. Obama
basically while upon the night of his
death he recorded a story that he had a
heart attack and was being attacked by
some unseen and a force
something reached to his chest and
basically crushed his heart and none of
his workers we got should get to it
because what happened
unless he tried to go through the door
there was something behind the door
pushing back and so they put their I'll
make it a Pentagon before they get even
this much the door just a little bit and
they saw that he was on the floor again
basically convulsing and you see you
know having finally an operator to stop
moving and he died the door swings open
and all these befall inside they get to
him they trying to resuscitate it let's
delay and that he was basically
pronounced dead dates later on while
they were doing the autopsy the person
who was doing the autopsy basically cut
him open or we call this heartless to
prepare for the funeral and then what
happened was he noticed something
peculiar gone everything was normal
there everything else except for his
heart which was looked like someone
physically held it at the time of his
death and physically what seems to be
that perfect life like squeezed him and
that could have been what - she killed
him
yeah yes I think personally he might
have had it coming because he was not
exactly the nicest of sorts and I think
about a lot of people yeah his victim
support - super me here as it was the
ghosts that we're going to treat about
in theater you know
well it's a mix you have you have to
understand that that even before it and
even before the 70s and the 80s the
places actually occupied by the chap
during World War two from 1942 all the
way the 1945 it was absolutely the
Japanese's main Garrison's the people
have occupied this place from they were
known as the camp they thought a
Japanese secret police they were
actually in charge of this place back
then and then what they did was the lure
refugees they open it up as a refugee
center so that they can trick people
into coming here and they would get them
and they visited me torture and
something we're locked in the in the
seams to what that I'll actually be like
the basement or sort of like the rock
lava or basically the catacombs which is
underneath this entire structure and
what happened was these people were
tortured and most of them died in the
some of the priests and the nuns were
captured as well and bail society
structure and then in by the end of the
war this is one of the last places that
the Americans attacked because it was
heavily guarded by the Japanese this is
where those enemy forces retreated so
what happened was you have a lot of
Japanese soldiers were here and they
fought back with the Americans so it was
basically like a battleground
yeah so he'd have a lot of America
you say spirits could be yeah anyone who
want to let any one of those times
yeah that's crazy this place has so much
history behind us now in so much dark
history into and I know you that there's
a love guy sleep planes and so you spent
so much I needed you through that
there's any Fox spots of particularly
investigation well there are like for
example the room in which mr. and Paula
died in our paths and that's a popular
hot spot I'd like to go there and try to
conduct an investigation see they can
actually get something there's also
downstairs in the fountain area that's
also another no hot spot because that's
where it supposed to be the Japanese
drama babies or children in common area
that's also where you can find a lot of
the priest or the nonce especially been
there seen roaming on the first floor so
it's basically just biggest pond
anywhere you've probably got a good
something and you also mentioned
yeah the back has been activity
yes oppose it basically goes to one of
the diamonds
near the port or it could be a long word
it could be mistaken for something else
or maybe a mystery about roaming and as
that was weird during the fire back in
the eighties the building was actually
set up basically known as quiet looks
like this
I took place in the mooring and then
it's spread over to the building this
place is supposed to be one of the most
haunted in its rarity the most haunted
places in the Philippines fell in Asia
yeah it's very notorious in the moment
I've got a lot of my subscribers my
viewers recommends that I comment
because of this so many stories like to
go but I said I think you so much
photography you it's been a pleasure
so I'm city fright to us their amazing
versatility in Baguio you guys should
check out Anton's tours I'm going to
link them boy for you
alright guys so I'm finally gonna take
you into the old diplomat hotel which we
are standing out front of and what is
very cool is you guys would have just
seen Antoni before but this is this far
left one right Anton is the window that
everyone saw the apparition in at the
end of his tour Anton also told me
earlier that it's quite common for
people to pick up in photos and be a
little bit scared because if out the
front here and they pick something up
that looks like someone who's been
hanged from the front of the building
and supposedly priests were from the
front so I mean that's disturbing and we
haven't even made it inside the hotel so
let's head in and we also have the
original cross at the top that might be
my favorite thing actually the cross
yeah installation structure over so I'm
gonna take you into that once lookup
let's head into this one here so this is
one of the two fountains here and people
have been using it as a wishing well you
can see the money and a sign in there
but one of the scariest and darkest
places in the hotel actually are these
fountains so Anton was telling me
earlier that this was actually a place
where Japanese military when they
occupied would use the water in these
mountains to drown people they also
drowned
babies here I mean that's very very sad
and disturbing sorry that's how you
super amount a tourist in here so you
can probably hidden this was a place
that people were tortured and died every
so often this is like I mentioned
earlier that before like you can
actually see some of the ghosts of the
nuns they are seen roaming the halls
this portion over here yeah we actually
have a photograph and one guest of mine
came back here during a date and he was
standing over you took a selfie and
like the mountains standing over in one
of this area's over here and shit to me
right away say yes I bought this at this
charity thing yeah it took me by
surprise I said yeah we're invisible man
so nuns and the priests of amongst the
most common apparition yes mostly yes
all right so now we're going to take you
up to the second floor there's a lot of
other interesting places up there and a
lot of rooms that were used during the
time that this place was a hotel so
we'll be able to see inside some of
those two
all right so I'm just going to take me
into this room
yeah behind me this is kind of just an
example of one of the rooms that would
have been used as a hotel room yeah and
then you can see the bathroom there's
the funky tiles that she smells a bit in
here but you can kind of get the feeling
for the setup of a basic room so if we
look down here as well we can see the
one of the water fountains from the
second floor actually a really cool site
definitely probably the most
photographed things here we have another
very interesting room at the back end
here so have a look okay guys so this is
one of the larger bedrooms also the only
one with a fireplace and this was the
place
our fake healer the guy that owned this
place throughout the 70s so this was
used as his office and this is actually
the place Anton was describing to us
before where he died he had this heart
attack
that was it could have been a
supernatural event where he was kind of
attacked by an unseen force as the
unloads had described and so trying to
get through this door here and
apparently though the few people trying
to push in to help this guy who is
screaming out in pain but there was an
invisible force holding the door closed
so they can get in and Anton told me
earlier that basically as the scream
stopped that force dropped away and
allowed them to enter the brain but it
was too late so that's kind of a scary
interesting story about this room and he
said there's some paranormal activity
that usually goes on in here you're able
to describe way back when a few years
ago there's a sheis - where are they
one of the guards few years ago with
everything used to come here at night
patrol place you've actually noticed
that there was actually a figure no
standing near fireplace there's a
one-story where the guard rustic it was
a place at night and then you saw a man
standing over here here's Dave but in
the pitch so he comes out to this guy it
says sherry not supposed to be here
you're supposed to you know where he
closed the guy didn't do anything did
react or anything it wasn't going to
like seconds later that the gardener
realized he wasn't talking to a person
there's actually do it and the guard was
there supposed to be patrols and we're
gonna check out this mole cut down
actually the mole looks really creepy
the only thing that survived so this was
a lot bigger those four bathrooms like a
Christmas bauble so these are bathrooms
from the morgue area with the rest of it
have extended this way oh yeah kinda
thing yeah maybe that's actually
foundation yeah well there's actually
caught fire and burnt down in the 80s
and the hotel was a little bit damaged
from it too and Anton also he told me
earlier that this is a place that the
ghost of a nun has been spotted by a
couple of people just over by this tree
alright guys I'm super excited because
we've just made it back to the old
diplomat hotel at night and this place
looks insanely spooky we're about to
head inside and we're very very lucky
because we've been granted a special
permission by the city to go in and
investigate so we're going to go in and
just check out what it looks like in the
dark I can already tell it's it's gonna
be a scary one
right so we're just walking into the
main entrance lobby and besides if he
dogs barking like down the hill it's
pretty quiet in here very very dark
I think that we should maybe reach out
and I might just introduce myself first
hello if there are any spirits around in
this building we don't mean you any harm
my name is Amy Jarrod you guys probably
already very handsome we're going to be
here for the next few hours so if you
guys want to if you would like to
communicate or let us know that you are
here please feel free to do so okay guys
we've just ventured into a different
area other than the lobby I'm going to
attempt a spirit box in here this is one
of the courtyards that features this
water fountain and as I mentioned
earlier this was I swear our people were
tortured drowns including babies there's
also been a lot of sightings of nuns
even captured in photographs just
through these windows over here so if
you like this could be an interesting
place I don't know that we might get
anything through the spirit box but I'm
gonna try I don't know I don't know you
I don't know
I don't know I'm also going to try and
reach out in English and see how we go
hi guys this is a spirit box session in
the court one of the courtyards of the
oak diplomat hotel in the Philippines I
don't know why it's oh yeah hi my name
is Amy are there any spirits around that
one to talk and you come close and use
this device in my hands to communicate
ah would you be able to tell me your
name
can you say hello
why were you here
is there somebody back there
I invite you to come closer to us if you
are there
we did just hear some noise behind us
I'd say it was coming from within the
building I can hear dogs barking around
me but they're down the hill did you
make a noise can you make that again
can we just go and see if there's
something there I think
like a scratching noise
I don't know if there's like animals in
here or something
why were you here that I just want to
show you these you have a cardboard
cutout of a nun and a priest save you
guys spot them behind me in this video
like don't be alarmed but there has been
instances of a priest being cited
literally where I'm standing standing
along these US standings yeah so I mean
that's just giving me chills thinking
about it probably not actually
paranormal but maybe you could go back
in and just try again okay guys so that
was odd that we heard that noise
rustling in here what was also odd is
how my spirit box acted like I'm not
using any different settings everything
cuz before battery charged and I
couldn't hear any of the normal noise
that it makes like static it was making
the noise but really faint and quiet so
ever my speaker is broken or something
is wrong though the weird thing was I
did hear snippets of voice come through
that were at like a reasonable volume
that they normally would be
Anton's just gone to his car to get us
EMF meter
that he has so we're gonna have a play
with that but I mean that just was
really odd we can try again but I don't
know if I don't know why it sounds like
that alright so we've just walked back
into the same courtyard and now we have
an EMF meter on this one Antoine's iPad
and I think I'm not going to use the
spirit box just yet because it sounds
funny say I was just acting funny or
it's broken
and I might just call out and see if we
can get if there are spirits around
maybe they will come close to us is
there anybody in this courtyard with us
if you are trying to communicate before
or you were the one that was causing the
noises behind us inside this building
can you please come close to me
can you give us a sign that you are here
we the closer that you come to me or
this light in front of me we can maybe
pick up that you are around are around
are around are around are around okay I
definitely had that that sounded like it
came from an opera floor
maybe it could be something falling from
the tree I'm not sure
okay there's definitely noises around us
if you are here we don't mean you any
harm we know there's a lot of terrible
things that have happened at the old
diplomat hotel we're not here to cause
you any more harm
I can hear that again
do you wanna film behind me where we can
hear the sound for a bit yard and I'll
continue pulling out
there any nuns or priests around we know
that you've shown yourself to people
before
can you make another noise that would be
really great
but noise sounded distant
okay we are going to leave this area now
but if there is someone here who's been
making those noises maybe you do want to
communicate feel free to follow us we
will be in the hotel the old diplomat
hotel for a while now with you
could you make a lot of noises like you
upstairs
okay I think that we need to make our
way upstairs towards where the users are
happening I'm not claiming that their
paranormal maybe those some animal or
something up there but we need to
investigate and try to debunk that if so
it's odd cuz I've also had been witness
down here as well but they seem without
a rock there alright guys so we just
inside the old diplomat hotel we're
about to continue our investigation it's
also the place where a lot of people
were drowned torches executed including
children and babies
Triana here may I just say something
dumb you know why have you chosen to
remain here and that phantom priest has
been seen walking around this area too
which is interesting if you guys do you
want to see the rest of our
investigation at the Old Diplomat Hotel
make sure that you subscribed I'm gonna
have a part two video coming out very
soon where we do a full night
investigation in the rest of the hotel
and so far already it's been pretty
interesting that one will be out really
soon if you did enjoy this video though
please remember to Like comment share
and subscribe if you want to do more
reading on haunted places I visited head
to amyscrypt.com you guys can also
find me on Facebook Twitter and
Instagram @amyscrypt until next time
