yo what's up everybody tail boy junior
Ian right now we're about to check our
son me heroin I'm guessing it's not
about the drug heroin I think it's like
heroin like female hero right is that
how you pronounce it if it is like an
inner meaning of like you know I'm
addicted to you like that's still weird
it has to be it has to be about the like
like hero and heroine last time she came
out what gosh you know banger listen I
like sometimes I just like to enjoy a
video without having a camera and a ring
light set up everything like a sign me
actually know I could just like to I
just want to enjoy it like without
filming a reaction sometime remember
give me a break
give me a break this vid is not
sponsored by KitKat I wish it was though
then I'll be actually making something
like money because obviously there's
gonna be copyrighted but we here to
check out some me heroin let's get it
let's go I love me some fun me because I
feel like suddenly you sexy alright now
anyways let's get into this let's go
let's begin
[Music]
hi fam Sunmi she got a straw I got some
stuff he's like there's us a bit sweet
vanilla cream cold brew yeah there's
some random-ass the eye let's go let's
go let's begin
oh she's rocket I got a straw - girl boy
wasn't in got she now she was drinking
from a straw - told the way she look
back though okay I'll drink when you
drink I'll just do I'm not gonna throw
my coffee doh
[Music]
I got captions on as well oh girl you
know what wait you know when like the
music is like in you so you go that's
what just happened I feel like alright
let me just come okay we hug and push
aside Oh what are you come from what's
he gonna say was he in the trunk jump
without alcohol yes you may know that
you make me a naughty girl let's
continue
I love it is in a movie only for us oh
it is about here the real hero was you
baby this is such a good she's so pretty
do whatever you want
univer mean chameleons though she drop
it low
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh Oh the show must go on
she sought
[Music]
I love sunny
[Music]
if I'm doing the real hero was you baby
[Music]
okay dang she was going in for a kiss I
hate hmm
you need to be yourself
damn me even it hurts me and it's a sad
ending I like that even if you like if
even if we like break up the show must
go on just move on move forward f f men
at all them
[Music]
damn girl you okay wait this is without
purpose what wait let me see oh
again oh what's that purpose
was it a mistake wait oh that look like
she just like it's a prank or something
because I sprained my corner and you
know when you see someone do that and
you feel it like your memories go back
like you have like a raven moment and
you realize okay okay let's continue I'm
sorry
[Applause]
[Music]
is she good Belva purpose right
[Music]
if that was acting that was cool that
was good
Oh gone up put your gun scope okay
that was dope um Oh
so let me though oh she shot that it's
in if they'll know but for real that
dance look like it
that look like it has to be acting but
that look Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
that is Lily hurts I know no that's
weird
it has to be acting right are you that
look like girl I need it even if it mean
even it what is it even if you're mean
and you make me sad you need to be
yourself
damn drop it low even if it hurts me and
it's sad Eddy
this show must go she looks so pretty
don't look right here oh oh girl I'm
sorry I'm like bad boy so hard over
something oh look at you
[Music]
super cute anyways uh anyways that what
you think put a comment down below what
you think like this video share this
video and subscribe young boy is on
viki.com
on this show legendary making of a kpop
star as I follow the journey of Alex
Christine and her process to be a kpop
star or just the process of a kpop star
go show your boy some support keep on
dreaming dreamers dream believe do
repeat if you have a dream out there put
some hard work into it
and it might just come true for real he
is hard work consistency and hard work I
feel it does work and a little bit of
luck y'all have a blessed day
enjoy some Sun me go support her on a
music video self link in description
everything I talked about link in
description down below if you want to
get yourself a hat a beanie I like this
one personally you see me wearing this a
lot because it's getting a little bit
chilly chilly in Miami I've been wearing
the 8 mm heart hat see you guys till
next time and uh yeah I miss y'all bye
hey you better subscribe
[Music]
[Music]
ha ha ha
[Music]
