a lot of a lot of cheating they're
generally very open and flous
conservative
hi here treat them well a lot of
Filipino girls would actually prefer to
dat an older guy really you can live on
$100 a month here hi what's your name hi
I'm Moshe Moses Moses where are you from
from England what brings you down here
to the Philippines uh playing ticket
from Vietnam yeah um but it was mostly
because my friend told me that the
Philippines is an amazing place what's
the dating scene like here in the
Philippines have you met a lot of people
been on Dat scene in the Philippines
it's interesting um I would say there's
a lot of people that you can meet both
Travelers and Filipinos um in terms of
culture I think that as westerners we
come with a a very strong idea of what
uh Asian dating is like which is that
it's very
conservative hi I see you so friendly
right now speak right they're very
friendly they're very flirty they'll
come up to you and they'll say hi or'll
smile at you I think Filipinos are yeah
they're generally very open and
flirtatious M um that's coming from the
guys as well they'll FLIR with you as
well but okay um it's not my thing
personally uh in terms of the dating the
perception that people have is that
Filipinos are very conservative that you
know it's a very strong Catholic country
uh that you you know you have to go on
like 10 days and then get married uh
before anything happens but the reality
is completely different uh they're very
westernized and they're very liberated
in terms of dating um if someone likes
you enough um there's probably going to
be a good chance that uh they'll want to
take things further um and I think the
majority of girls here are looking for a
relationship but are also open to you
know just having fun yeah okay I would
say that that would be my perception of
dating in the Philippines good to know
so a lot of positive things it seems
like any negative Downs I would say
there are a lot of negative things for
example lying about having boyfriends is
the number one thing um like yeah a lot
of a lot of cheating there's a lot of
cheating you got to be very careful if
you're going to date a girl you sh and
and you really like her you need to go
through her Facebook with someone who
speaks the local language and see what I
are saying cuz a lot of the times
they're going to tag their current
boyfriend uh or ex-boyfriend and a girl
might tell you for example you know I'm
innocent uh I've only been with one guy
or whatever you can see on their
Facebook that this is not true um a lot
of them want to sell this idea of Purity
because they believe and a lot of guys
do believe that uh there's a lot of
Purity here in terms of like not having
previous Partners but um most of the
time that's not true you know there
there's a lot of judgment in Filipino
Society um from a very young age so it's
kind of um built into them to uh not
tell the full truth about their dating
history okay you know and and rather
than to say I don't want to tell you cuz
they don't like to be confrontational a
lot of them they'd rather actually just
lie about it and avoid the public
entirety so that's a different cultural
approach uh that I'm not a fan of
personally hey well what do you think of
like jealousy or other traits that
Filipinos might have cuz I hear that
sometimes they're can be really clingy
or jealous I think yeah they can be very
very jealous um and I think that they
have the perception that as a foreigner
that as soon as I walk out the door I'm
swamped by girls who are constantly
trying to hook up with me and stuff like
that but that's not the case of course
there's a couple girls who will just say
hi to me but uh realistically that's not
the case uh and
um uh yeah they get very jealous very
easily and the dangerous thing about
jealousy um is that it can lead to
emotions that can lead to actions that
can lead to cheating I see so they can
think oh he didn't want to meet up with
me tonight yeah he's probably hooking up
with another girl when really maybe I
just didn't want to go out that night I
just wanted to lie in my bed watch
Netflix and then maybe as a result of
that they'll go and do something to feel
uh empowered he's doing I have to do
something screw him you know and there's
a lot of drama a lot of um using like
notes Instagram stories basically uh
indirect forms of communication rather
than being direct so I would say
communication is definitely a problem um
like a lot of there's a lot of Pride
Filipinos are very uh proud people um
and they you know the saying is pride
cometh before the fall uh which
basically is saying that your pride can
get in the way of your best um you know
what's best for you and so if you can't
communicate and be open and honest about
your intentions about what you're doing
about how you're feeling because you're
scared to be vulnerable this is this
goes for any form of dating whether it's
serious whether it's casual you know
that it's really not going to progress
very far and if it does it's going to be
toxic okay well thank you for all that
now do you think it's going to be
different for someone you seem like a
younger guy so maybe dating seems a bit
different for you you think cuz you see
a lot of older guys here with maybe some
of younger Filipinos yeah so as young
guys we do actually we kind of have to
compete with the older guys cuz well
Filipinos might have a perception that
an older guy has a lot more money that
they're much more safer that they can
take care of them that there's less
demand they're less demanding so yeah
you know a lot of Filipino girls would
actually prefer today an old the guy mhm
um um and you know as a young guy
myself um they might they might not
necessarily uh be as attracted to me um
in terms of that but they might be more
attracted to me in terms of what I bring
in other ways which would be like
youthfulness
energy um and not being too bad looking
you know looking it helps a little bit
what is like the biggest difference
between dating in the west and compar to
hear I know we talked about a lot of the
stuff but is there like an glaring
difference between West and East here I
think in the west people are more open
to actually saying what they think and
for sure Western girls are not as afraid
about the Judgment that you might be
presenting to them so for example if you
if if you meet a girl and she's hanging
out with a guy friend and you're asking
oh what what kind of friend is this to
you like she'll be mostly she'll be
honest about it uh whereas in the
Philippines they will say oh it's just a
friend when you know that it's not cuz
they're touching each other yeah or it's
my cousin or my brother or something
yeah it's my cousin it's my brother
something like this so you have more
like open communication in the west I
think people are more willing to be
vulnerable
um I would not say that dating uh
Western girls is
worse in any way or better in any way I
would say it's it's pretty similar
actually um the the main difference I
would say would be in terms of like uh
educational level so Western girls have
a much higher level of Education
compared to um girls in the Philippines
depends where you are in age of course
uh other places will have high levels
but
definitely you can have more detailed
conversations about a lot of things
that's a generalization
you're always going toet people who are
SM as well and you can have kind of
deepers you know science or whatever it
is you're interested in um also the more
uh i' say Western girls are more willing
to split the bill as well um like they
often want to pay the bill there's uh
more feminism in the west so they also
see themsel as being equal rather than
uh him where this still is very very
patriarchal so as a man you're expected
to pay for
everything um and yeah so that's a
that's a different kind of but do you
get anything different in return right
like I mean the fact that you're paying
the bill does that automatically give
you some sort of Behavioral traits
coming towards you or some I don't know
not to obviously be just a woman do they
bring anything else to the table aside
from themselves if you're paying for
everything right yeah I would I would
say
that there there maybe be more a little
bit more sweet a bit more caring okay
they show more affection I guess they
show more affection MH and yeah like if
you're paying for that meal they'll
probably want to go on a second date
with you uh or take things further um so
that's you know that's that's nice um
good thing pror living here is a bit
cheaper than the West right yeah it's
much cheaper it's much cheaper to go on
dates here although it depends where you
go yeah uh you can live on really you
can live on let's say
uh $100 a month here if you're smart
yeah the the way the way you can live on
$100 a month is that you this is how
Filipinos do it stay in a boarding house
that's $1,500 per month 1,500 PES per
month a month per month 1,500 boarding
house you might even have your own
private room for that you might you
won't live in the best location but
that's that's fine uh then you'll have
the electricity bill on top of that so
that's
2,500 food rice 45 Fels per kilo uh you
can eat 400 uh gam of rice per day uh
and then you know you can do the maths
and long story short yeah you can
survive on like1 $150 I'm out here
wasting my money then man yeah but
that's if you want to live really really
really cheap yeah uh you know people
like us we're going to be going and uh
spending more money and uh you know
spending 150 PS on a meal or something
like that maybe even more maybe 300 pels
if you want to go
yeah but here you know um you can get
things like Shai which is Street snack
um and spend about 40 pesos and that
will fill you up completely that's
that's one meal you know well I'm sure a
lot of guys appreciate that advice and
thank you for everything today man I
appreciate this yeah I would I have one
thing left to say which is if you're
going to come to the Philippines uh and
your intention is dating my belief is
that you should always be honest and you
know don't don't be a [ __ ] boy lying to
girls tricking them into relationships
giving them STDs and stuff you know use
a condom um be
respectful um treat them well and also
uh yeah be honest being honest for me
it's really important because you don't
all your problems right being honest
yeah I think it's it's best to be to be
straightforward about uh your intentions
awesome thank you so much for your time
I appreciate it
leave your comments down below let me
know what you think of his experience
his answers if you take your time to
write it I take time to respond and if
you want to know how to travel the world
full-time how to work abroad live abroad
and even retire abroad I've created a
brand new community go ahead and join a
waiting list right now to gain access to
myself in a private setting access to a
community where you can share your
experiences your thoughts and access to
full training videos from me on how to
do everything I've been doing follow
your dreams Follow Your Passion do what
you want to do live your best life check
out living orud club.com link is in the
description down below leave your
thoughts down below let me know what's
your experience about dating in the
Philippines if you ever talked to
somebody online or in a relationship
right now with a Filipino I'd love to
compare different experiences now of
course there is a little bit difference
between younger guys and older guys but
that's pretty obvious anyways so yeah
I'll see you guys in the next one
bye
