nurses are people who weren't smart
enough to become doctors I disagree
respectfully hi I'm an ER nurse
pediatric register nurse Pediatric ER
nurse a labor and delivery nurse and
today I will be reacting to hot takes on
nurses
this one makes me nervous nurses do more
than doctors but are highly underpaid
first of all
you know eventually doctors do get to a
point where you make a lot more money
but it takes years to make that amount
of money by that time they're probably
like 50 and have kids I mean I think
nurses are paid pretty well in some
parts but I also think it could be a lot
more than it is now and nurses hold a
lot of responsibility too like if
something happens to the patient it's
not the doctor gets in trouble it's
actually the nurse that gets in trouble
there's one time a doctor came to the
nurses station went up to me and said oh
hey um can you go check the temperature
on this kid because he feels kind of hot
we all looked at each other like dude
like this doctor makes ton more money
than us and he's going to ask us to take
the temperature like he doesn't know how
I will agree with the notion that nurses
are underpaid we go through so much
traumatic experiences it's a very
demanding profession emotionally
mentally and physically I wouldn't put
nurses and doctors in the same pedestal
like we should be getting paid the same
but I just feel like there should be a
little more for nurses pediatric nurses
are the easiest types of nurses I'm
actually a Pediatric ER nurse
um yeah combined maybe the yard just
have it a little bit easier because if
you're trying to put an IV in a
screaming 18 month old you kind of need
a whole team there they're like little
people right so you have to make sure
all your little medications are exactly
what it should be because you're also
you can overdose them whoever thinks
this steak has definitely not had a
crying baby at night without any parents
there to console them you can feed them
as much as possible but if they're still
crying and you don't know what to do
like I definitely like want to pull my
hair out other parent on the other side
just like just looking at you like
thinking you're not a like legitimate
nurse nurses are people who weren't
smart enough to become doctors I
disagree respectfully to be a nurse is
something that you have to want that was
something I wanted it wasn't a path for
me to be a doctor you know not go
through with it and become a nurse so
that is a reality for some people and
that's okay nursing and being a doctor
is totally different fields nursing is
it's a 24-hour job there's a lot of
critical thinking that comes to it when
there's a change of condition in the
patient the nurse is the first one to
see and tell the doctor that's why it's
so hard to get into nursing school and
so hard to even pass it because there's
so much to memorize and it's about the
same almost even as a doctor like what
they have to memorize too in school and
they don't memorize the real stuff that
nurses memorize yet until they're in
medical school beginners is technically
a little more practical but the doctor
does have the title to it the male
nurses aren't as kicked dude are you
serious so I do not really do not agree
with that like for me as a pediatrician
we have all this personality to us where
we kind of like cheery most of the time
with our patients I get a ton of
drawings or paintings on my little pages
and that honestly warms my heart I
always post them on Instagram America
needs Filipino nurses but Hollywood
doesn't give about them you know I think
Filipino nurses are severely
underrepresented given the fact that we
make up a big chunk of Nursing in the
U.S they try to make it very diverse
when they show like a hospital scene
they have a lot of different people they
have of different ethnicities but we
barely see a Filipino there Gray's
Anatomy or the good doctor or ER
producers of those shows they've
definitely never said the hospital these
shows to pick nurses in such a lower
standard mainly it just shows the doctor
doing all the work it gets pretty hard
to like watch that Filipino nurses
they're kind of like well where are we
are we are we part of the story too
delivery RNs are desensitized to seeing
death we deal with fetal devices right
and so I had a patient we already know
that the baby said the baby still needs
to come out you still have to go through
Labor and Delivery that in itself is so
like mentally
exhausting it's hard you see how
heartbroken the patient is not only but
also the entire family that comes along
with it I went back in I went into back
to my unit and I just started bawling my
eyes out in the restroom so I don't
think I could ever be desensitized from
death
Filipinos only pursue Healthcare
professions because of Parental pressure
I'll say that's a 50 50 thing I think
you can tell who those Filipinos are and
you can also tell who isn't it for like
you know to be there because it's their
dream they saw nursing as that
opportunity and I think that's why they
pressure their kids because they don't
want to leave their kids with nothing I
grew up with a ton of nurses I wasn't
surrounded by it as I'm sure a lot of
you can relate to I wouldn't say that
nursing just simply fell on my lap
because it wasn't and I had a really
hard-working mom who immigrated here
from the Philippines that's why I kind
of took it upon myself throughout high
school and college to kind of delve into
that experience and see if that was
something I wanted to do which is kind
of why regardless of it my mom did kind
of initially persuaded me into nursing I
thank her for it because now I have
Financial stability and I love what I do
every day marriage practitioners are
just want to be doctors it's kind of sad
to think that way nurse practitioners
are nurses who want to practice medicine
because they want to think about
diagnosis since I'm not just giving them
medicine I'm talking about like what you
can do to help them out with their
symptoms like how else can you like
manage like they're cold besides just
saying oh here's the medicine or oh it's
just a virus okay bye not to say that
all doctors are not giving all the like
non-medical advice but it's helpful to
have both of those pieces together
something really cool about nurse
practitioners is they have that
background of the art of nursing you
learn to have empathy the different
types of patients you see not only that
the types of families you meet and I
think that's just what sets them apart I
don't think you can really compare the
two and I don't think nurse
practitioners are wannabe doctors it's
in a league of its own
thank you for watching shout out to all
my nurses Happy Nurses Week Happy Nurses
Week Happy Nurses Week happy National
Nurses Week especially to all the
hard-working nurses that are going
through everything right now and being
the best sources they can be and also
trying to keep up that other life of
being a normal person if you want to
watch more Healthcare content and if you
want to see any more of us fellow
healthcare workers showing our talents
you can watch Health karaoke on
