[Music]
good evening maja palanga juice coma
Hopalong got long code number I'm up
illunga at first I'm home by feeling
homesick I see what I did to see Jan and
oh good swim way but anyway my Hopalong
gotta to love Nicole Cosima acaba who
booked us and I'll see you tomorrow bye
so bronchial potala gonna bring lighten
up along gotta say or Osito is half past
nine in hangar bay but told me sunako
pero hindi KO Mahana yong-soo c KO @ k
lancome Lucy Coe tomorrow class a
marathon trabajo so nasty pontoon alumna
Mowgli nice about coca-c behin and ito
Kamala potato-chan so young item bonito
is to tanaga yoga Nogami co nabob Agua
Prieta satyr Abajo
so P na hoona talaga is young diary coke
Indiana wanna pass a town a Hindi Quanah
I know you got going coca-cola on diary
and my wallet wallet a locket on Kaleem
is me nice map ananka
so be prepared and my makeup bag and
when a long-term Hopalong so powder
Joe Durant concealer eye lash curler
eyeliner primer petroleum jelly lipstick
my favorite lipstick
pen i bum from simple another lipstick
in the column Pumbaa Katya nandito
lacunae Mannion's in a garment eyebrow
pencil pan tally man tally no file at
humili-eat 'no eyeshadow brush and a
rubbish just go oh my gosh gloves
it is unused blobs and other gloves
another gloves rubbish and it all perish
on pillbox maja palanca pero hindi tok
pillbox
it's d tokala langa young pants KO SI
marin upon panty liners dito yo normal
fund after the vanilla koto ketone
I know Hindi qalam qalam dr. Benedict
atrocious body formatting applied at
casa motto at lacustrine cachaça Simran
Chang ganito follow your dreams so you
want a I don't believe eco Cassie I
think it costs only 85 pins so it's not
bad price and marentina from impulse
dito gum gum and another gum oh my gosh
pink paper another rubbish band-aid
band-aid band-aid band-aid
I'm a sticky notes medication very
suitable I primer your do not yo hair
bun rubbish another band-aid another
band-aid my watch my morphe lipstick in
the bottom my MA
vitaliy coins coins young farmer in a
habit by na minha pannonica he is like
doing something to the grass that I
don't know but I seen and don't use a
part of my head he keep any opposed so
param maha Nakata - I know you in and
Rocco in any wanna I don't
[Music]
see you so you in Malaga that's our
neighbor
so continued tayo what I know coins so
madam dinner home her tie another hair
tie and my rosary and of course battery
for the camera and I think you know
young ma palanga so Hindi or what I did
too young so sick oh so good luck to me
a lime tree on a pin kasi Makka pakka
bukas pea by muna ma palanga and I will
see you tomorrow
good afternoon illunga so far in time
hopalong gotta see my leftover paçoca
harpoon and so the poustinik was a
trabajo today at Cannon and house of
procedure and a cotton como Keelung bajo
que non bangla hat so ok no man all
sorted and I love new buck malanga de
bunda Kahana poppin on Susie coca hoppin
Huckabee oh my god hindi coma Hanabusa
co he Nanako home Sansa and guides on
solo kite song banda hindi KO Mahana I
almost give up gotta pay pero sobbing oh
sorry like oh I feel thirsty at Alumni
baboons are gonna like I am so sick oh
it's a fringe numbing like oh my god
what you've been doing there
Jesus of Fringe telega butene along it
is a pretty sure mmm so far enough along
that via YouTube no good or no good
I happen sauce our bank oh man hang no
silly
when soy sauce vinegar so high don't
belong gasps Oh coughs my own team
Estelle he is in a restaurant our
favorite restaurants of Bulgaria in a
neon orange and Nam shopska wave today
one hi how are you today
do you miss me
god I miss you too you enjoy your baby
here alone I get all my eggs
[Laughter]
anyway I'm scared I just gotta sleep
properly honey I gotta sleep properly I
am like Zumba now you know what I used
to say use the bathroom so do you say
better than without me
I miss you bi are you having fun cake
the kids a fun cake so general Berlin
guy asked him to vlog while he is in
Bulgaria
so he said be few videos I never had a
chance to look at it and now he's asking
me to look at it so let's see
as you can see guys I'm not quite as
talkative vlogging like my dear wife
mm-hmm I'm not used to talking to myself
like she does well anyway quicken cow
burger cat we in you know do the bit
whether you like or not I'm not sure I
call myself sometimes boring anyway here
we are in bright Bulgaria
I'm heading towards sunny beach at the
moment and it's okay kind of place if
you like many people I put very wary eye
of the apartment because it's much
quieter and more relaxed but it's just
nice along this little stretch here it's
when you get right down into the center
where it becomes much busier a lot more
people at the hotel do a bit more later
bye for now
all right guys now maybe other side of
Victoria Palace in as I call it
completely different on the opposite
side who has nice and clean so I'm just
going to try and buy some chocolates for
my dear wife she's been asking for these
I found one box but she wants many boxes
so she told me so this video is for you
my darling I'm out on a quest to get
your chocolates
no he's very bright you don't see me
this is specially for you only not the
YouTube but I like to show you the
present I've got you now I'm gonna turn
round and hopefully you might see so are
you excited you need maybe I need to
tilt it he goes look well I managed to
get a good husband
you see I've been thinking of you I've
been hunting everywhere for them my
darling so there you go see what a good
husband perfect right that's it I'm
signing out love you my darling and I
will see you on skype later
so I made you there no no yeah okay I
love you hon take care yeah I miss you
bye see ya bye Anita for syllabus maja
palanga at Papa labas in opinion Malaga
Copenhagen Amontillado Forge come on
let's go to the field get a tapas and I
mean Magoo sub-region laundry time have
your laundry Munna come up alonger
interpose my editing videos
say now lucky for your mana date over
stay an abundant man ôs on Kabbalah go
there because I am pairing sucks milonga
casa por una silla - lana malikan got
going so I don't wanna young Gaga Winco
that postman old longs to go rocking on
TV but relax relax see tomorrow there
banana man just go pero Colombian
because if there are dinner money and so
anyway when up along guy that's it for
me today I will see you in my next video
and bye
[Music]
[Music]
