what is going on guys welcome back to
the channel man okay so this is one of
the videos guys one asked me to do for a
while it's actually I don't know if you
guys know about Isis in the Philippines
man and apparently in Malawi I hope I
said that Marat we hope I said that
right man but so this is a parallel in
the video of the Filipino special forces
man on the hunt for the ISIS people over
there man
he hasn't asked me to check this one out
for a while so I said ok no I finally do
that video for you guys and I'll check
it out right now so anyways as good as
this man
these are the Philippine special forces
on the hunt for Isis moving to the
positions been severely challenged more
accustomed to jungle fighting than urban
warfare battling in these tight
alleyways is proving harder than
expected
this being some previously occupied by
the dervishes but it's so here also
shooting at us why that's nice yeah he's
over there
how close doridori fifty these forces
are turning this bombed out school into
a sniper outpost and preparing to attack
they have one final position they're
picking fire
can you see the enemy side this could be
from our scopes yes okay we can see they
have to leave this area you just shot
fights so we expect counters counter the
pass away
that's crazy
with the enemy now firing back the unit
is taking cover in this classroom until
the escape route is clear now just a
couple weeks is going that's crazy
mr. tough that's what are you kidding
why then they're not running out the
battle they can be under pursuing they
never know like honestly walking like a
landmine ezel small arms
the streets this is marui for weeks the
philippines military assisted by US
special forces have been pounding the
city with airstrikes and battling after
help an effort to root out this man is
kneel on apple on the leader of
homegrown terror group Abu Sayyaf they
pledged allegiance to Isis in 2014
Philippine authorities say happy lon
along with another
isis-linked militant group called mount
a were planning to establish Southeast
Asia's first Islamic State Caliphate
here in Meroe
a predominantly Muslim city in a country
that's more than 90% Christian with an
extensive network of hundreds of
fighters both local and foreign these
militants have mastered the terrain and
started away a seemingly endless supply
of weapons
heading right into
hey this continuum garage of a strike
the only functioning building in this
part of town is the tactical command
post of one marine battalion the main
Forward Operating Base for the Armed
Forces major row and remus is one of the
commanding officers who's been stationed
here since the fighting began fighting
can you just show us where the enemy is
the British before this well defended so
they in place car bombs roadblocks and
they employed sniper fires so this city
is essentially divided by this river so
the enemy is contained within this area
of the other now the target of our
manoeuvring elements is to neutralize
those vantage positions through our
mortar
I don't think I would want to be in
something like this man cuz this is
hella terrifying this is scary man like
you you don't know you could be walking
through someone ever boom boom there
goes a bomb under your foot oh so much
comes out no interest are shooting you
man it's not something anyone should
have to look through man this is
terrified hours after we left this base
these Marines were ambushed during an
operation 13 were killed and all 40
wounded in what was the bloodiest day
for the armed forces since the battle
began but it's not just militants inside
the city there are also hundreds of
civilians we managed to get the number
of one man who's trapped in the heart of
the siege do you have a plan to escape
are you safe right now
Wow
for the people trapped inside Marui the
army is not moving fast enough and the
situation is becoming more desperate by
the day Colonel Jawahar era is the
spokesperson for Joint Task Force morale
despite the military's many setbacks
he's keen to show us that the Armed
Forces have retrieved around 120
high-powered weapons from the enemy I
mean obviously the how well-equipped
your truth well our armed forces are
well educated highly trained we are very
capable to address their recent is
obviously there's also a lot of
criticisms towards the Armed Forces
suggesting that you're not well equipped
and that you're not doing a great job
quite frankly actually militants well I
think that that's their opinion okay how
long do you think it's gonna be well we
don't want to give timeline because we
we need to put premium on the lives of
the people that were trapped in that
conflict area right obviously time is
running out for them I mean stuff yes
we're doing our best
now as the military ramps up pressure on
the remaining terrorist strongholds a
humanitarian crisis looms and concerns
that morale is only the beginning of an
increasingly violent Isis presence a
rapidly spreading throughout the region
wow that is hello scary man and I don't
know I don't think I could ever like
honestly really scary man I don't know
people like you guys over there man who
have to live for this dealt with
something like this cuz Isis is not a
good good terrorist cause man ain't got
a terrorist in general man just ask
warble man what do you guys are doing
like killing some people just to get
your point across and that's not how
things work man and like we can't we as
a country as the planet man the earth
you don't can't tolerate that that at
all man I'm telling you Mike just starts
to believe but that's something like
that can happen happen in the
Philippines man cuz when I say everyone
over there is so friendly someone caring
man and then you see this Isis like get
in there man it's like how did they get
in there how do you get so many damn
guns man that's why I was on set how
does who sponsors Isis man supports this
this stuff I don't get all these guns
all that stuff I don't know I don't know
what where's my needs to stop man like
damn I really want to watch the video
see how it is right now if it's fixed if
it's things are better over there when I
was over in the Philippines I didn't
hear very much about the wars going on
so I'm assuming it's it's a lot better
now
I'm assuming it's over because this
video was post 2017 so that's about two
years but it's not very long man so the
president's probably still around there
just like people probably don't know
what's going on it's like really on the
low-key
anyways man if you guys first time
watching this I guys let me know what
you guys think in the comments it made
all the enemy guys know what to do hit
the subscribe button
give me that thumbs up and we'll catch
you guys next and right
