[Applause]
indonesia
or philippines in the last few years of
traveling these have been really two of
my favorite countries and today i want
to share with you a few impressions from
the last few trips my favorite places
beaches cities experiences
but also i want to talk about which one
i would prefer to live in which one i
think has the upper hand as a travel
destination let's talk about it
in today's video i want to talk to you
about two of my favorite countries that
i've visited while there's a lot of
similarities a lot of over the past few
months i've been in indonesia a lot of
times i was like wow that really reminds
me of my time in philippines there's
also some differences and today i want
to talk to you a little bit about where
maybe i would prefer to travel to where
maybe i could see myself staying a
little bit longer and today's video is
brought to you by cambly later on in
this video we're going to talk about how
i personally learned english and this is
where cambly comes in a few months ago i
did a video comparing the city of
jakarta in manila because i saw a few
key similarities and i felt that both
places
are underrated a lot of people visit
bangkok a lot of people visit kuala
lumpur but you don't hear too many
people like going oh yeah i really want
to go to manila jakarta so you can check
that video out below
and to get into that both countries are
very densely populated like indonesia
being the fourth largest country in
terms of population i believe around 280
million people uh philippines is
approaching 110 million people
and they're both island nations so
philippines i think it's over 7 000
islands like with both countries it
seems like they're discovering new
pieces of land every other month or year
so
but still only a few areas are very
densely populated so in indonesia i
believe it's over 17 000 islands but
islands but still more than half of the
population of indonesia lives on the
island of java so before we're going to
talk about the differences of the two
countries i want to share some of my
favorite places just to give you a
visual idea you start off with the
philippines probably my favorite island
was palawan blue beaches white sands i
absolutely loved it now maybe i'm going
to pull up a little bit also of older
footage i visited once in 2018 then in
the late 19 early 2020
and just a nature around there you also
have like some places that are a bit
more developed like el nido it's kind of
like a proper little town has some cafes
also like some expats so you have some
international cafes there's actually one
ukrainian cafe i'm thinking of right now
then there's the island of coron and
just the scenery there is absolutely
mind-blowing uh another island that i
liked a lot was the island of charge
some people call it like compare the
vibe a little bit also to bali in some
way i could see that kinda like a
smaller bali and this place for me i
really associate with coconut trees so
you have these coconut roads it's just
they're so aesthetic so symmetrical as
if somebody kind of like did it on
purpose but most of the roads that's
just the way they are so absolutely
beautiful and um
third place
in terms of a more developed tourist
destination probably would be the island
of boracay a lot of tourists a lot of
tourists from asia but for that matter
of fact also from all over the world so
baraka is probably one of the most
developed um
tourist and vacation destinations in the
philippines so to talk about indonesia
obviously the most popular place is the
island of bali just because of people
coming in from all over the world
especially for staying longer it has a
lot of convenience while still having a
certain adventure factor you can venture
out into
the jungle into the ubud area see the
monkeys see the volcanoes
and the island next to nusa penida in
terms of nature and blue beaches that is
probably the closest that came to the
philippines for me
huge clips absolutely loved it and again
for all of the places there's also full
videos here on the channel so you're
welcome to check them out
and another place that made indonesia
very special are its volcanoes as far as
i know philippines also has volcanoes
but indonesia is the most volcanic um
country in the world so java itself has
multiple
active volcanoes and the one that i
visited was
mount bromo the view was like out of
this world
and this is kind of like what i
associate with indonesia so let's talk a
little bit about the differences because
i think the cultural differences the
language that's what's going to make
your experience very different in
indonesia they have a bahasa indonesia
so it's the local language if you're in
a bigger city some people gonna speak
english but generally not too many in
the philippines on the other side
most people not everyone but many people
especially in the bigger cities speak
pretty good english and
you know if you're on the ground that's
what in the philippines made it a little
bit easier to get around and to kind of
like really connect with the people on
the grounds being able to speak the long
local language
and a lot of on that note you know a lot
of people ask me hey daddy how did you
actually learn english what does it come
down to is there a trick is there a hack
and that's where today's video sponsor
comes in cambly i'll tell you why she's
here in a second for a word from today's
video sponsor cambly so a lot of people
ask me like hey daddy how did you learn
english and what would you recommend or
whatever and to me it's always just one
answer you have to speak english and
most preferably you have to speak to a
native speaker so you can pick up the
words you can pick up the intonation you
can see how people speak and this is
exactly what cambly is doing so it's an
online tutoring platform and with the
code
danny2022 you can get 15 minutes of free
tutoring i'll put it down below so
basically it's both on the phone as well
as on the laptop as well on the laptop
and when we were looking at it i was
like hey why don't you go online and you
actually speak to a tutor you see how it
is so tell us about how did it go it was
actually pretty nice so the way it works
you can actually go through a website to
find a teacher based on their accent
their country or even their look or
their age what i like the most about
cambly is every teacher has a video
where they introduce themselves so
before you actually hop on a tutoring
call with them you already know how they
look and also the way they speak i
myself actually tried to talk to a few
tutors and it was really nice they made
me really comfortable and it was very it
was very fun we had you know we laughed
a lot and also you can find any tutor at
any time because it's 24 7. so yeah i
actually agree with danny that speaking
on to native speakers is a great way to
improve your english
yes and so that is the part when it
comes to learning english so you can go
online you can speak to people improve
your english on the other end if you're
watching this right now you're like well
my english is actually pretty good i
myself either native speaker or however
it may maybe
another opportunity with cambly which i
find very interesting also around the
topic that i talk here about traveling
living remotely and working remotely
there's a lot of different jobs you can
do and one popular thing to do is on the
one side maybe teaching english online
or let's say becoming a tutor for
cambly this is another thing that cambly
is offering so if you see yourself more
on the other end of the whole video
conversation you can meet girls like
that maybe on camera
well you were talking to some people
online so
at the end of the day you can become an
online tutor for cambly either way if
you're interested in improving your
english i'll put the code danny2022
in the description together with the
link you can hop online try it out for
15 minutes completely for free no
strings attached
check it out with that let's get back
indonesia philippines what do you think
where she's from
everybody who's maybe new here
let's go
so on the ones that you have philippines
with colonel history of the spanish and
shortly after that quite recently
actually americans were there for a
while
and in indonesia it was the dutch so if
you're going to travel through indonesia
you're going to see a lot of signs of
that you're going to see
dutch government buildings you're going
to see some old dutch
houses and i found that to be very
interesting especially if you go through
the island of java
on the other hand in the philippines
you're going to have a lot of spanish
vibes that's what made philippines
really special to me the whole region
this very unique background of the
spanish being there for quite a while so
you feel the the culture in the food in
the old churches that you sometimes see
randomly on like very like small islands
just like a real proper like spanish
church from 200 years ago
and that's also with the food so the
food in indonesia is very different from
the food in the philippines philippines
much more i would say barbecue grilled
fish
on so it's kind of like fried pork
in
indonesia you're going to have a bit
more of asian food a lot of soups you
have the bakso you have the miyayam
noodle soups
i like both both i would say not my
favorite in the world i'm right now
sitting in thailand i have to i have to
say for me personally have to give the
food price to thailand while in both
places i always enjoy to kind of try a
little bit the local cuisine in the
philippines just by the fact that you
can easily communicate with the local
people it makes the whole experience a
little bit easier to connect and also to
me personally traveling through the
philippines felt a little bit more
adventurous i would say i was really
thinking about why that is and that's
just my feeling like most things in this
video obviously
but due to the fact that in my
perception indonesia has a very strong
domestic tourism so especially the
island of java a lot of japanese people
travel all over indonesia all over the
island of java especially bali so most
places you're going to go to there's
going to be a lot of tourists even if
they're domestic even if it's tourism
from other
asian countries and the tourism in
philippines is also obviously very high
but still some of the islands i traveled
to in the philippines they were kind of
like one of the major like spots like
maybe the island of siquijor or maybe
even the island of behold but it has one
small tourist area and then if you drive
out into
into the island you you don't see
like any tourists for like weeks
sometimes and it's absolutely crazy like
there's just local people and also
sometimes the places felt a little bit
less densely populated so sometimes you
just have absolutely the whole place to
yourself there's no cars driving by so
in indonesia i have been on the island
of java lombok bali
and
there most of the time there's going to
be some other people around and also a
lot of domestic tourism as well so with
that it felt maybe a little bit less
adventurous but then again depends where
you go to indonesia is one of the
largest countries in the world so some
of the islands i'm sure you're gonna get
all the adventure factor you would
wanted to but that was kind of like my
personal experience a little bit from
let's say the more developed places of
indonesia and if we're speaking also
about development that's kind of like
the thing when it comes to things like
internet connection all over java the
most populated island of indonesia
most parts of bali you have a great
internet connection sometimes it may not
be like flawless but if you're gonna
find your place you're gonna be able to
do everything you want upload download
very easily
in the philippines you really have to
pay attention to where you are what
island you're on sometimes you might not
even have any connection like i stayed
on this one island in the philippines
didn't even have phone connection on my
phone that again adds to kind of like
the adventure story i told you earlier
about on i think i made a video kind of
like uh by myself on an island in the
philippines i actually like it was with
the tour there then the tour went to
like pick up a new guest and i was like
can i stay on the island by myself and i
don't know maybe there was like 10 other
people kind of like a lo like really
small island my local people living
there so yeah that was definitely an
adventure and with that that kind of
like makes me think about if i would
have to choose where i would want it to
stay a long term for me it would be much
more a place like bali also because
there's a large international community
so there's people from all over the
world coming there staying there maybe
working online from there while of
course that is in the philippines as
well there is no one place with a lot of
people in a very developed let's say
digital nomad community or something
like that so
indonesia definitely has the upper hand
for me on that but on the other side
uh philippines makes for me a little bit
more of an attractive travel destination
so if i right now would have to pick up
and be like hey i can choose where would
i want to travel just for a week or two
weeks trip
probably it would be the philippines for
me if the question would be hey where
would you prefer to stay for a few
months for me it would be a place like
bali or maybe a city like bandung and i
covered all of these places also in the
top 10 video about indonesia that is
coming out probably shortly after this
video let's talk a little bit about
similarities and differences so in terms
of nature you're definitely going to
find that both countries offer these
blue beaches with white sands talking
about bali if you want to find that it's
mostly uluwatu a lot of people come to
bali actually expecting like blue water
paradise and like you know these like
paradise screen savers you have on your
computer but actually mostly bali is
kind of like brown beaches with dark
sands and uluwatu you can get a little
bit more blue waters very nice but if
you go to nusa penida you can definitely
get that but still i have to say while
i'm sure indonesia has beaches like that
philippines just has these blue like
unbelievably blue ass waters absolutely
everywhere sometimes you're in a boat
sometimes you're on a beach you look at
it and you cannot believe that it's
surreal again like for example right now
i'm sitting in thailand and thailand has
that too but it's not every beach like
philippines i have been to four
different regions of the country to
maybe like i don't know like 50
different beaches and almost all of them
have this insane blue water so this is
probably where philippines has a little
bit of an overhand while i'm sure
indonesia has these places i would say
another point that is also definitely
worth talking about is transportation in
both places if you want to travel
throughout the country it will be a bit
a bit tricky as said it's island nation
so sometimes you have to just fly for an
hour or two just to get to another
region of islands then you maybe have to
take boats
in indonesia if you're going to be on
the island of java actually there it's
going to be fairly easy because they
have a train system throughout the whole
island of java and then you can take a
ferry for example to bali in the
philippines mostly you will have to fly
from one major island region into
another one and then maybe take a boat
so i would say in the philippines it's a
little bit
harder to travel if you are on a larger
island like for example the cebu area
there's a lot of cool different places
to go to so then you can take a bus
throughout the whole island but if you
want to go to a different region usually
you're not gonna get around to
flying because otherwise you would have
to take like whatever three boats five
buses whatever it may be maybe maybe it
could be fun but that's just kind of
like the reality of things which again
adds a little bit to the adventure
travel factor if you would wanted to
and so to wrap it up absolutely two of
my favorite travel destination
especially when it comes to nature
tropical travel and um
yeah if you have been to any of the two
if you have been to both i would be
really curious to hear your thoughts
which one did you maybe prefer over the
other
why where do you see the similarities or
differences always very curious to hear
from eu and if there is let's say a
different country let's say indonesia
and thailand or any of the countries
you've seen me recently travel to for
this year there's a lot of things
planned so if you would like to see
another kind of like let's say mesh up
put the do the two destinations next to
each other
um i might do it these videos always do
very well there's always a certain
controversy going on in the comments
that's probably definitely benefiting to
it so if you want to contribute you will
be welcome to do it
and um
yeah guys other than that i'm coming to
you right now
from
thailand it's kicking off the year of
2022 and if you're interested into the
topic of perpetual travel living in
different countries and generally what i
am up to you're also welcome to join me
on my instagram also one of the best
ways to get in touch with me but i'll
also link everything in the description
of this
video so you can just go through there
see a little bit find the things the
nuggets that you might be interested in
on that note thank you very much for
watching and you too
got a world
[Applause]
[Music]
so
[Music]
you
