once you marry a Filipino, you marry their whole
a family or whatever is that true people
hardly make five bucks a day here come
here with an open mind I think a lot of
people get scared like oh that's not
gonna happen to me but it's because the
the standards here are very different
from what we are used to the Filipino
tradition is the kids kind of take care
of the parents because my girl did not
know about the amount of money I had the
people are super nice the people are so
friendly so nice hello and welcome back
to living abroad I know I saw you guys
yesterday but today I'm back at it again
because we're trying to get to a hundred
thousand subscribers and I'm on the
grind I'm on the hustle so we're gonna
meet David David's got a very interested
story you have to hear about him living
in the Philippines or actually being in
the Philippines trying to take his
girlfriend back to his country guys so
you know this is a little bit more than
just a service level question we're
going to ask all the important questions
get real in-depth and find out his story
about in the Philippines and let's get
out there before I do that if you're new
to the channel hit the Subscribe button
hit that like button share this video
and let's get out there talk to me hi
what's your name my name is David uh
where are you from David I'm from
Belgium Belgium okay I guess you speak
French I can't speak French as well yeah
yeah yeah they got two national
languages I think right yeah yeah you're
right uh actually we got three we got
Dutch French and German do you speak all
three uh not all three no I don't speak
German but I do speak Dutch because it's
my native language and I do speak French
as well since I was bilingually raised
what brings you down here to the
Philippines actually my girlfriend I
have a girlfriend here right now she's
back in Manila processing her visa
papers so I can take her back to Belgium
with me uh we've been dating for about
two years this is our second attempt on
her getting a Visa because for locals
here the Pina girl or Filipino men it is
very hard to get a visa to come to the
Schengen zone is it the Filipino
government or the Shenzhen uh it's
actually the Schengen uh yeah the
Schengen Zone most specifically actually
the Belgian Embassy and on our behalf it
is all right so you think it's gonna be
successful this time hopefully hope
hopefully yeah we got a really good
cover letter we used an agency
no we're not using jet DVD yet uh we use
an agency okay and because they have
like an 80 positive results okay
excellent now how'd you meet your girl
Man online we're playing a game and we
just kept talking and then linked on
Facebook and then from one thing led to
another I lost my job because of kovit
and I got a huge settlement payback for
my boss yeah and I use that money to
actually uh
I actually use the money to how do you
say it sponsor her just sponsor note
sponsor my trip my sponsor myself coming
here and I stayed here for about three
to four months last year and I really
loved it after that I came I got back
home I decided to open my own bar right
now that's in the making while I am
here again tell us a little bit about
that it takes a lot of guts to like you
know quit your job or at least get laid
off and start a whole new business a new
country ah it's not it's not actually
that hard
um it's it actually fell into my lap
because my dad owns the building he
already has his own business next to it
and it was just a matter of puzzling
things one to get one to one together
and we decided actually why not just
combine both because he has a I don't
know if you know about Belgian fries
Belgian fries are you know French fries
right yes it is actually french fries
are not french fries they are actually
Belgian fries got it but the there's
this whole misconception about the name
of those but yeah um so Belgium is
actually really really famous for their
fries and we have these fry places where
you can get certain snacks with fries my
dad owns a shop like that and we're
gonna open the bar right next door so
it's gonna be like uh Uncle Joker joints
kind of business where you can eat the
fries in my bar it's gonna be a lot
bigger so nice yeah but usually these
interview lasts about two minutes but
you seem very interesting you don't mind
me continuing yeah sure sure okay so
you've been here for a couple months
what do you like the most about the
Philippines
um the people are super nice the people
are so friendly so nice
um in all honesty I feel like there's
they're they're very ex the people here
are super extreme yeah but they're
either super friendly or the exact
opposite super selfish okay uh
especially in traffic we might have you
might have uh known that like I I hire
my own car so I have a car for the
entirety of my time here so I drive
around a lot I I went to Bohol Cebu
mantan Island to go into Negros in a
week as well yeah so I drive around
everywhere and the main thing that comes
back is people on the road are super
selfish but then as soon as you step out
of the car yeah that selfishness I
completely disappeared and people are
like super open and super so there's
like uh
I don't know there's like a big contrast
between Denver yeah yeah exactly exactly
yeah I see if you could give anybody
advice about coming to a Philippines
that never been here what would you tell
them
um pack lightly yeah don't don't do not
bring sweaters you won't need them if
you're from Western or American culture
I think
um
and come here with an open mind I think
that's very important because the the
standards here are very different from
what we are used to be it in restaurants
hotels whatever the hygiene is not of
the same level as what we are used to
invest in standards all the time so that
needs some getting used to for some
people depending on how open you are to
things but you can really really
actually make a good living here if you
if you puzzle things correctly like if
you have a for example if you stop
working you have your pension something
this is the perfect place to spend the
rest of your days in my opinion I think
but by the time I get there let's hope
that the country is still here
global warming you see yourself living
here like long term permanently uh I was
considering a 50 50 type of option 50 of
the time here 50 of the time back at
home
um because for me it's too much I like a
faster way of living
where you go to some place and you get
your you get your things that you go out
and it's done it is very impossible to
get that here because it's everything
takes so long be in the supermarket
Banks uh I'm a immigration anything
government related is super super slow
here uh that is exactly the opposite in
my country and in a lot of other
European countries that I know of so I
like things to be fast yeah
um so it's a nice change of place to
come here and have like that more Hakuna
Matata Vibe and try to but sometimes
it's a struggle it can be a mental
struggle sometimes I want to ask about
the fact that you want to take a girl
back to Belgium a lot of people might
say oh that's not a good idea that's a
stupid idea If You're Gonna Leave You
She's gonna cheat on you yeah you know
it's got to cross your mind tell me uh
what do you think of that yeah well
that's the standard here that's
um I think a lot of people get scared
obviously
and they will all say the same thing
like I'm gonna say like oh that's not
gonna happen to me but like I know for
for a fact uh because my girl did not
know about the amount of money I had for
the businesses or whatever what I had
before and we met before ever thinking
of of having a relationship with each
other we knew each other for like a year
beforehand so
um I don't know I think it's kind of
different it's not the whole meeting up
on some sort of website and then we
trying to see and then getting married
so she can get a green card or whatever
for America
so it's not like that she would be very
comfortable living here as well I just
gave her the option of coming to Belgium
and seeing what it's like over there
because also the Filipino tradition is
the kids kind of take care of the
parents that is a very normal culture
here that The Offspring
financially and emotionally takes care
of the parents on a later age when they
get money so if she can come to Belgium
she can earn 10 10 to 15 times Assurance
here because minimum wage here is
practically a joke Yes actually really a
joke like that people hardly make five
bucks a day here
and other things like you have an iPhone
people have iPhones here as well they
still cost the same deal like they have
to work literally five years to pay for
one iPhone uh which is completely absurd
yeah in my opinion and they still have
that because they have the
like everywhere you go you have the
American influence and people have a
sheet mentality where just like I do
like everyone does and they follow the
crowds they want to wear the designer
clothes they want to look good
nowadays things cost money so it's very
sad to see that people here have a have
a very low income and I'm talking 90 of
the people have that income for sure and
that's not something that usually
everybody covers like myself I haven't
had a chance to really see that poverty
firsthand of course I see it here and
there so I definitely exist I did if you
if you want to Vlog I would say go to
the province yeah go to from here you
take the Grand Central trans Central
Highway go to Toledo the other side of
the island we're gonna see a lot of the
thing is I don't want to exploit that
from my blog right so it doesn't happen
to find an angle or there's somebody
that will take me there I don't want to
just go through don't don't misuse it
for your own benefit but showing the
people what is out there for what it is
is gonna do the Philippines a lot more
Justice than what they're doing right
now because right now they're covering
everything up social media the
governments that all they do they have
pictures printed in magazine it goes to
a government office first and they get
like the green light to posts whatever
yeah they had a new bridge they built
and one of the main photographers here
in the city took a picture and they
denied this picture because there were
certain slums visible on the picture and
they did not want that in their nice
little picture about it but it's I I
find it very misleading misleading yeah
yeah yeah yeah it is it is because
they're trying to hide and it's not
fixing the issue it's actually hiding
the issue yeah they're not addressing
the issues that they have right now
which is mostly minimum wage because
it's a vicious circle the minimum people
don't make a lot of money so they don't
care about
pollution for example Philippines is the
number one country in the world that
pollutes the ocean the most I was
surprised with that info I learned about
that recently and I just came from India
so I'm like wow I didn't realize even
the business number one and also
Philippines is the country number one
country in the world who lives the most
off of the ocean be it from or fishing
or be it from tourism because uh
big percentage of Tourism comes here for
diving for uh island hopping all all
boat related or sea related and they
don't really respect modern nature they
are indirectly getting paid by Mother
Nature and they don't respect that they
don't have the Court they don't see the
correlation between yeah so
um that is somewhat upsetting sometimes
if I think about it but I don't try to
think too much about it like I said it's
a vicious circle the government doesn't
allow for high paid
there's too many people there's not
enough job opportunities so they're
creating a lot of extra job
opportunities to go to a supermarket
there's
15 times as many people working at a
supermarket here than where I'm from or
where you are from and they're literally
standing around doing nothing because
there's nothing to do yeah and it's
still super super slow so they are
creating a lot of jobs but it's
yeah it's very hard and they're being
exploited for expat companies right now
as well that I know that are sending
them to Japan go welding they can make
10 times as much as what they're in here
but it's still below the minimum wage of
Japan yeah so the companies there are
I hear you man now it's really
interesting to hear your perspective on
things uh last question I know I said
that question I'm very sorry I'm very
sorry this is really good okay man I'm
getting I'm learning a lot as well okay
and people want to know these things
it doesn't exist or it doesn't happen
that we have different perspectives and
just people say oh it's the best country
in the world right so it is but in a lot
of ways there's a lot of other things we
got to consider I just want to know
about the relationship between your
girlfriend's family and yourself have
you met them what's yeah like what they
say once you've never a Filipino you
married a family or whatever is that
true it is very true
um I am super lucky with my girlfriend
being
very smart uh a go-getter as well she
got her Master's Degree on her own she's
from a very poor family they did not so
financially they were not able to
financially support her so she went out
on her own to the city she worked while
she was going for her master's degree we
support all those years while she was
studying so I I'm super lucky with her
and her family are super friendly people
they they're just super unlucky and I
met them on multiple occasions they're
super friendly people they just have
yeah they're down on their luck that's
what I feel like and
it's not my task to support them which
is the misconception here like oh the
The Foreigner that marries the Filipina
is going to support them my my main
concern is my girlfriend now
for her to get a good life so she can
support her family so she can feel the
joy of being able to do that as well
yeah so that is for me more important uh
uh but the family is super cool man I've
heard so many horror stories and I was
super scared beforehand and I met them
of course there's some there are always
family members because Filipino families
are so huge but I'm talking about the
the first in line family brother sister
mother father those people are super
awesome yeah I'm not going to talk about
the grandparents and the brothers and
sisters of the parents because that's a
whole other story there's yeah but
that's so normal here people are super
jealous as well someone they have a crab
mentality here where they Envy other
people's success so inside every family
you're gonna have that and if Foreigner
comes into play in first line of the
family and you see that one person gets
uh has a better life starts having a
better life gets somewhat Lucky in their
eyes she's so lucky as a foreigner they
start they start to get jealous they
start to envy and yeah
yeah thank you so much for being here
man I really appreciate all this and all
the information yeah I wish you all the
best with your girlfriend and your
business and everything thank you so
much Matthew thank you so much
and there you go guys that was David's
story let me know your thoughts leave in
the comment section down below anything
you want to share anything you want to
ask if you take time to write it I take
time to respond if you've ever visited
those Facebook groups with foreigners
and expats and relationships you get a
lot of people saying oh don't ever take
your wife or fiance back to your home
country because they're gonna leave you
now come on guys that could be said
about any country anywhere it's not just
the Philippines maybe you got into a bad
relationship so you never know you have
to take a chance on love right so make
sure you get into a relationship a
serious one for the right person I
obviously don't marry anybody you're not
sure about don't marry anybody that
doesn't allow you access to the phone
the personal data or has some random red
flags right another very loud motorbike
we're gonna do a whole video about
redflies coming up in the future I got a
lot more coming interviews and regular
videos guys so if you found this really
entertaining informative or we just want
to show you the love for myself and help
me reach 100 000 subscribers hit that
subscribe button hit that like button
share this video I'll see you guys
sooner than you think bye
[Music]
