and what are your first impressions of
the city uh yeah lots going on what do
you like about Dubai so far I like that
money what about the cost of living was
it as you expected or higher yeah it can
get pretty expensive hi what's your name
sander and where are you from I'm from
Richie from Ireland by I live in the UK
and what are you doing here in Dubai on
a week's holidays with my husband where
is he now he's behind me over here
somewhere he's wandering around as well
photos yeah I see how long have you been
here um here since Tuesday so what 4
days
and what were your first impressions of
Dubai busy love the buildings yeah lots
going
on um I just like the iconic of the
whole thing and I think it must be an
architect's
Paradise um particularly the designs and
the almost like fluidity of it all
together there was no holding back
anywhere yeah No Reservations awesome do
you have a favorite place here somewhere
you like the most so far um I'm pretty
impressed impress with the museum I have
to say um and I liked down at the
fountain near bir CLE um Fountain was
pretty good display as well and the
restaurants are pretty amazing I have to
say definitely any dislikes so far
something that could be better
maybe no actually I can't say that to be
fair it's very clean and tidy the only
thing I probably would say is their sign
posting because I'm from the UK we're a
bit over the top at sign posting so it's
easy to find things Randy okay but hey
ho not complaining aome what do you
think about the heat over here I don't
mind it it's their air conditioning is
fantastic though I have to be fair to
say have you have a chance to speak to
any amirati people um a few in the hotel
but not lots um I have to say it's very
Cosmopolitan here probably AP from San
Francisco it's probably one of the most
um cosmicon places I've been to yeah um
yeah I'm pretty impressed they Embrace
everyone here and yeah everything goes
which is great I I noticed that I was a
little bit surprised with the diversity
here to be honest but you can find like
all kinds of people here which is
interesting to me yeah I think I
expected it cuz I've had lots of friends
who've come here and worked here and
lived here so I expected that but yeah
it is very diverse I have to say very
embracing have you had a chance to try
the food here the local food and not the
local food but we're hoping to go soups
tomorrow evening um because one of the
reasons my husband and I like traveling
is because I like to know local culture
and I have to say I've been thrown into
France Spain America everywhere else
Australia but I'd like to know the
Arabic Arabic sorry wrong word Arabic
and culture as well which is why we like
traveling I've heard that word before
the sus what is that specifically I
think they're the markets my
understanding is it means Markus and
they have Spice gold clothing um and
food soups which is the original
marketplace where they do marketing of
their local produ and having been to
some of the spice um Market Market in
other parts of the world I'm really Keen
to know here because this is Paradise
spices and my husband's a very good Chef
so he's looking forward to going there
you're a lucky woman I am and lastly my
question what about the cost of living
was it as you expected or higher or um
again I've heard it's High um I am a bit
shocked by the cost of food to eat out
but then I guess they're catering for
the people who live and work here also
where ear money so I think it's wrong to
kind of criticize expense because
obviously it reflects the cost of living
to live here I lived in Dublin as well
and it's expensive for what it is but
that's it um so yeah I think it's
probably somewhere you need to come to
with a couple of dollars in your pocket
definitely got it well thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it you're
very welcome than you thank you hi
what's your name hi my name is Angela uh
where are you from uh I'm from Holland
actually okay and what are you doing
here in Dubai uh I'm exhibiting at
Festival it I don't know if you know
that no what is that uh it's an art
Technology Festival uh it's at arenol I
don't know what name is are you an
artist uh well I'm a student actually
I'm part of the Next
Generation nice exhibit and how long
have you been here in Dubai uh I think I
came here about 3 days ago and what are
your first impressions of this city uh
it's quite big and very um vibrant a lot
of colors now what do you like the most
about here so far um I think uh the city
for the country really shows uh that
people really put the work in um and
it's also a bit showy but I quite like
it okay awesome any dislikes so far
something you don't like uh I just don't
like the the ls on every building M I
think um it's too flashy yeah it has too
many lights going on right okay and what
do you uh when are you going to be going
back home on Monday okay are you going
to visit any other cities here uh no I
don't think so actually I don't have the
time okay well thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thank you hi
what's your name Terell and yours finina
and where are you guys from from the US
and what brings you down here to Dubai
I'm just com to relax and uh be part of
the culture you know and um visit all
the sites and uh was out here a long
time ago and wanted to be able to come
back my life and have a good time uh and
tell me how long have you been here been
here 5 days now what were your first
impressions of Dubai oh it's
up see the AR see the architecture right
away you know um and uh the the weather
obviously of course right and what about
yourself what do you like about Dubai so
far um probably the funnest was the
yacht party last night yacht party okay
the most breathtaking was the aa aa what
is that tell me about the ARA I'm not
really sure it's
the sky the world's uh tallest larest
360Â°
infity sounds wonderful now tell me are
there some you dislike maybe about
Dubai no nothing huh and what about cost
of living you know that was one of the
things I was worried about before coming
here about how expensive things are
going to be how different is it from the
US for example uh well cost of living
wise I can't say it's any any worse you
know everything that we've done so far
been pretty reasonable for what we were
getting as far as real EST estate things
like that would happen like that but say
it's it's comfortable great well thank
you so much for your time I appreciate
it thank you thank you hi what's your
name hey how are you my name is Antonio
and where are you from I'm from Manila
Philippines oh very nice I just came
from the Philippines you did yeah what a
coincidence awesome awesome what are you
doing here in uh Dubai well I work in
the government the government sector I
work in the power uh industry working
since
201 17 2017 so you're like a local I
wish I am do you speak any Arabic
NOP only like basic oh basic stuff okay
just like me nothing conversation like
me like mauha or masarap or SE or some
few words here and there right few there
that's it and what do you like about the
Phil the Philippines what do you like
about Dubai so
far I like that money yeah okay of
course right out here you make a bit
more than back home for sure and any
dislike something that could be better
or improved some it's too hot hotter
than the Philippines hot in Philipp but
it's raining but here it's hot hot hot
nothing else no clouds no nothing right
yep no rain rain rain like what twice a
year that's it that's it how long do you
plan to stay here you think it's going
to be your permanent home or you going
to go back well we're planning to uh
transfer somewhere else but um
ultimately if you can stay here for like
forever right not I see and my last
question is any advice for someone
that's never been to Dubai or UAE that
wants to come here try it do it mhm get
lost whatever uh find anything that is
useful here for money then you know you
do it okay because it's this place is
terrific and I said last question but I
just thought about what about cost of
living that must be a little bit
expensive no it is expensive it is
expensive you have to have a good salary
here and uh you have to have uh
Investments like side hustles mhm but
yeah it can get pretty expensive for
sure all right thank you so much for
your time appreciate it no worries thank
you leave a comments down below let me
know what you think of the experiences
and do buy and as you can see right now
I'm actually in another country yet
another one I can't wait to explore this
place so turn on Bell notification if
you want to see uh this beautiful
country if you want to know how I've
been able to follow my dream my passion
of traveling and seeing the entire world
go ahead and join my brand new community
completely free where you have access to
like-minded people sharing their
experiences access to myself in a
private setting and full tutorial
training videos to do exactly what I've
been doing no gimmicks actual tangible
things you can do to travel like I've
been doing you know I have no special
skills there's nothing special about me
so if I can do it you can definitely do
it check out living abroad club.com the
link is in the description down below
and see if you can guess which country
I'm in right now I'd love to hear your
thoughts and your guesses I'll see you
the next one
[Music]
bye
