this is like kind of dangerous man this
is how Indiana Jones would eat he's got
like a literal fire around my bowl how
is this place not been sued yet today on
the best-ever full review show we're
taking Internet food videos to a whole
new level closing it and we're running
out what's going on in the secluded
highlands of delight Vietnam we've
tracked down master chefs thank you so
much come on on making some of the most
unique food I tried the amazing port but
what is this that you won't find
anywhere else
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome to the lat we're starting the
day off right
heading a couple miles outside the city
to this mountainside restaurant
sometimes if you want the most amazing
food you're gonna have to go outside of
the main city area and that's why we are
starting our day here at Tom when our
young I said I own I own as laid-back as
this place seems you've got to order
your food one day in advance and if
you're late picking it up you're out of
luck she said it's been weight tested to
200 kilograms it can hold a small
elephant so I should be okay I'm pretty
relaxed I think we can go eat now
Vietnam has over 50 ethnic minorities
the owner and his family are part of the
gyri people with recipes and cooking
techniques that have been passed down
through generations
and right here is a kitchen the chef's
busy at work the grill master
Joe on ah nice to meet you thank you
thank you for having us today they have
this beautiful kitchen and they're
cooking some of their specialties right
now that bamboo rice here is where he's
making that bamboo rice here you can see
all the spent bamboo this bamboo had
rice in it already and they cooked it
right over here so that is the bamboo
right there they put a little plastic on
top to help kind of keep it contained
so they strip it out of here and then
they put it on the grill and this man
has said if this rice sits out for one
day the next day you can use it as a
weapon but today we're going to use it
as food we can see here as he's toasting
it is turning a beautiful golden brown
the chicken on top it's ready so right
now he's handing me some of this super
unique mountain herb I've never tasted
anything like it I had a little bit
before off-camera this uncommon jungle
grass is the secret behind the amazing
flavors coming out of this kitchen
getting turned into a puree mixed with
salt and lime it is like cilantro mixed
with lemongrass and mixed with lime
Imperial
[Music]
of hot Oh I can handle it oh my god that
is terrific long long long one so you
know a word that's cute some of the best
rice I've ever had because it's nice and
crunchy on the outside just warm and
soft on the inside so he's gonna show me
some of this awesome chicken Oh what do
i do just take the whole that Oh is hot
plating it up ma'am that is a nice leg
Oh
I mean if that doesn't look like an
excellent meal right there and take a
look at that we're gonna eat here on how
we're sitting down and he's like no you
gotta bust into this now it's a very
lean chicken obviously it's a little
more thin than your average like
drugged-up American chicken hmm so oh
that is tremendous just torched up skin
crispy on the outside and piping hot on
the inside and then with this spiced
incredible before leaving our host
invites me for one more bite would you
look at that I've been invited to try
some of this patty it's been
roasting away for about five to seven
minutes really with my hands okay I can
do that oh I'm gonna have to wait just
one second he's like oh you can still
feel your fingertips I can't I don't
remember what that's like
all right here we go let's try now
[Music]
mm-hmm meaning low fatty
tons of lemongrass flavor in there and
almost some like lemongrass texture I
just want to get a a giant bun and make
this into a hamburger sir thank you so
much come on on mmm long long one very
long so good
so good so won't come next up we're
heading back to the city
where a local chef is putting her own
spin on the central Vietnamese classic
what we're gonna be eating is called
them known this is the owner right here
and you can see already she's grilling
up some beautiful skewers they squeeze
the minced pork around it there's some
pork there's some shrimp there's some
pork liver there's sugar and fish sauce
okay it's a smart lady she's like hey
free labor get to work we got a bag on
we're gonna mush it around slow but sure
how is this that's pretty good laughter
usually means I did a good job try one
more hold on give me some notes I need
some constructive feedback
I'm better at eating than making this
okay yeah once the pork is finished
grilling it sliced up and served along
with some peanut sauce rice paper greens
and this what is this
this isn't right paper always just
frying rice paper right I can eat a bag
of these like Doritos they're so good
long so we're gonna make a roll we're
gonna put some greens on there oh you're
gonna make mine too
look at their service guys I have never
had a roll with this fried rice roll
like this it's gonna add an awesome
texture inside I can't wait you make it
so perfectly there we go rolling it up
BAM that is a nice roll give it a dip
let's go mm-hmm it's perfect I love this
fried rice paper yeah just as frail
brittle little crunch Adiemus inside the
roll thank you so much for inviting us
and showing me your food thank you so
much thank you guys I hope you're liking
the food so far this next place is sick
they're creating something really
special their way of cooking is super
unique I can't wait to show you we're
just heading to the kitchen straightaway
we're gonna get right into it she's
filming me she's like yo you're gonna
film me I'm gonna film you oh god what
show is she watching do you know this
show oh is that the best ever food
review show that's really amazing you
just watch that in your free time that's
very cool we're gonna go to the kitchen
but glad you're a fan when I visited the
Philippines I tried out one of their
staple street foods called balut a duck
egg that's been developing for about 18
days before being boiled well in this
central Vietnamese restaurant they're
whipping up a flaming balloon they put
it in this broth that's kind of a
medicinal broth as far as I know they're
gonna crack open the egg and then put it
inside of the vegetable there this place
is just full of surprises after boiling
they place the egg in a calabash or we
could just call it a gourd throw on some
fresh herbs soak it in broth and then
light that baby on fire oh my god the
broth the plain the eternal flame that's
gonna keep the bullet warm for days Oh
with their bare hands digging it off
this is like kind of dangerous man this
is how like Indiana Jones would eat okay
just going right for it how is this
place not been sued yet
we got a piece of our squash and then
we're gonna get some balut
I mean this place gets a 10 out of 10
for their execution like look at that oh
god this is the most dangerous meal I've
ever eaten so I've got the balut in here
and let me tell you balut is not
something you want to cut into a lot of
pieces it's a lot better if it's just
whole and you don't see everything
that's inside everything's there mmm Wow
so fresh so I mean there's one of the
most interesting things I've ever eaten
the taste is actually good no strong
flavors a lot of egginess
and the medicine flavor is at a minimum
it's not the main flavor in there and
the fun does not stop there next up beer
sauna chicken something is underway
they've got these stones on the fire I'm
gonna be honest I don't know how this
works at all but we're just gonna
witness it together and try to get all
the cool sexy angles the chicken spa
treatment would not be complete without
a full-on spice rub down with tons of
peppercorns and freshly minced chilies
red-hot stones they're going into the
bottom of the clay pot they're creating
kind of a barrier on the bottom with a
bunch of coriander and lemongrass and
then shoving the chicken that's just
been drenched with chili on there
closing it and we're running out what's
going on
[Music]
Oh there this is crazy
what that dude talk about a sauna that's
ridiculous this chicken is cooking like
right there in the beer I didn't know
how this was gonna work it's my first
time coming here it's super unique and
bam it's gonna hang out in there for 15
minutes by far one of the coolest things
I've seen in Vietnam no in my life after
15 minutes the chicken is ready it's
been roasting away in there it's been
steaming away I should say oh look at
that you can see those beautiful red
chilies on the outside every part is in
there we've got feet we've got organs
liver a little bit of head it's really
it would feed a family of five come on
Wow unbelievable it looks moist it's got
the chili still on there and then right
here we've got the new chain green chili
sauce just go to try it will dip little
dip
so perfect and that lemongrass flavor is
captured in that meat so well I will say
it's not super tender I think it's
because of the kind of chicken it is it
doesn't have a lot of fat on it so the
meat it's a little bit chewy
I don't mind the chewiness it's got just
a ton of flavor in there you pair it
with this sauce and then perfection this
is one of the most unique restaurants I
have ever come across and they still
have one more round
pork belly grilled on a shingle as far
as I know it looks like a roof shingle
to me we're gonna use this to cook our
pork I think so they brought us some
beautifully marinated pork it feels a
little bit like Korean barbecue but they
have a clay shingle on here what's
brilliant about it is they've got some
cooking oil it put the cooking oil up
top and then they put this pork belly on
there so as it cooks the oils are gonna
come drip back down onto here and then
we can reuse the oil again up here our
pork is looking nice and ready I almost
did it wrong oh we're doing a Korean
style thank you Wow look at this service
guys they just hand it right to you I
pull of chili sauce now
Oh fatty crispy pork belly its salting
the skin has become crispy fide it's
awesome this is so cool it's kind of set
I'm eating this alone this is it's
really a meal you want to have all your
friends around I mean guys we're cooking
on a shingle how cool is that like just
a creativity the ingenuity is amazing I
love it our last grilled food for the
day
Viet Nam's famous bong Chang Nome
wonderful you can do that I didn't even
know about this I've never seen that oh
look at that oh rice paper grilled with
an infinite amount of topping
combination possibilities am i won't
bunting like this one I've never had one
like that with cheese we're gonna get
one like that and we're gonna get one
with seafood too so here's how it starts
BAM rice paper and then an egg a whole
chicken egg on there and then she's just
gonna mix that about and guys this is a
great place to get warm I don't know how
these guys do it all day because it is
hot as heck here and then now the cheese
is coming she's put some white cheese on
there
oh she's gonna mash it up a little bit
and then a little bit of shrimpy powder
it's actually some dried beef on there
so less than $1 for this whole beautiful
creation I'm gonna get to because I
can't not want a new high Seng this can
be found all over Vietnam but here
they're serving it up with unique
toppings
she put the egg in there and now they
put the seafood on top shrimp Eze squid
and some snails all working together in
there with the egg as soon as that's
done roasting away they're gonna fold it
over like a taco and we're gonna take it
out to eat oh come on
first we have this cheesy one I've never
tried this one before
all
tremendous the crunch there's some
sweetness in there from the grill it's a
little smoky is cheesy egging last up
we've got the seafood pond Kingdom
that's a lot of food for less than a
buck all that seafood those shrimp ease
our squid it's so springy and chewy with
the crispy outside it's awesome you
cannot go wrong here there's a limitless
of combination of ingredients you can do
here so delicious so crispy and the cool
place to go with all your friends right
guys yeah I'm just hanging out with my
friends yeah thank you so much for
watching this video was made possible by
one trip Vietnam one trip is a company
putting on amazing tours throughout
Vietnam I'm talking food tours adventure
tours village tours and my personal
favorite the Mekong Delta tour one trip
it is the best way to experience the
real Vietnam for more information on one
trip check out the link in the
description down below I will see you
next week a piece so won't you come
[Music]
really
come along
relax
[Music]
