yeah I recognized you right away what do
you like the most about the Philippines
any dislikes so far
do you consider yourself a passport bro
have you met any Filipinos here for
dating have you met anyone uh
just come in here it's just a complete
culture shock hi what's your name uh my
name is Jamie uh where are you from I am
from Salt Lake City Utah
okay what brings you down here to the
Philippines
um my company has a data operations team
here and so I'm here just being able to
meet all of them and yeah work from the
office here for a little bit Yeah so
you're just here for work mainly yes
okay have you had a chance to do
anything touristy yet anything at all a
little bit yeah we went on a mountain
tour so went up and looked at the
botanical gardens up the mountains and
had dinner at the top so it was it was
really beautiful what has been your
favorite things about the Philippines so
far
I think the p
the peep everybody is so nice and
they're just very polite and easy to
talk to and easy to you know get around
ask questions it's been really amazing
definitely any dislike so far something
that could be improved maybe
um I mostly eat vegetarian at home and
there's a lot of meat here in the in the
traditional dishes which are delicious
I've really enjoyed them but it's just
something to get used to if you're not
really a meat eater yeah I definitely
hear you and what has been like your
biggest surprise so far some of the
surprised you're completely here
um I think actually this mall is kind of
surprising because there's a lot of
American stuff in here too yeah all
right which I was definitely
um wasn't expecting so which is you know
kind of nice if I needed a comfort from
home it's easy to get but now you're
here for work mainly would you come back
for just vacation yeah definitely
um I'm hoping to go on a island hopping
tour this weekend with my coworkers so
I'm really excited about that and that's
something I think that I would love to
do you know if my husband has fallen and
come back here awesome well thank you so
much for your time I appreciate it of
course thank you hi what's your name uh
John John where are you from I'm from
the U.S Minnesota what brings it down
here to the Philippines uh retirement
okay how long have you been here it's uh
almost three weeks are you planning to
retire for sure in the Philippines are
you here just to check it out well and
so far everything looks like yeah I'll
stay here okay so I'm basically checking
it out yeah making sure it's as nice as
as I think it is uh what do you think is
it nice as you think it is yeah I do I
think I love the people are also
friendly and helpful yeah
uh what other things maybe you like
about the Philippines aside from the
people
well I'm from Minnesota it's a lot the
this temperature is way better than in
Minnesota of course right the weather is
always nice weather is nice very nice
yeah okay have you had a chance to go to
any nearby beaches or Islands yet no not
yet not yet I'm I'm spend most of my
time trying to find a place to stay what
about relationship-wise are you married
are you single single well I'm actually
a widow but okay I can't even say it
right it's fine um have you met any
Filipinos here for dating have you met
anyone uh
yes but not the right kind okay not the
right kind of why were they not the
right time cameras okay I understand
okay Anton what are some things you
dislike about the Philippines so far
so far I haven't found anything except
the driving and the driving is fine but
I I'm I'm not going to do it yeah I'll
let somebody else Drive yeah for sure
and what has been your biggest surprise
in the Philippines so far
um nothing yet you haven't hit any big
surprise I guess you did some research
before coming over yes I did I watched a
lot of a lot of YouTube videos on the
Philippines I know right you said hello
to me right now so that's why we gotta
start talking yeah I recognize you right
away
thank you for watching your Vlog yeah
thank you thank you all right so you so
you look for an apartment or somewhere
to live are you looking to live within
the city or do you want to be like
living in a province you have any idea
um not in the city I mean
outskirts maybe yeah I got I got a place
right now out on the outskirts down into
Lee side okay all right it's nice if you
don't mind me asking how much are you
planning to pay for rent or what's your
budget for like rent around here
I was figuring four to five hundred yeah
and I got a place for less than 400.
that's great I'm happy yeah as long as
you're happy yes we're all here in the
Philippines to be happier much happier
here all right awesome thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it all right
thank you you too hi what's your name
later uh where are you from where it
brings you down here to the Philippines
I'm working remotely how long you been
here been here close to a month now all
right I'm excited to find out your
impressions of the Philippines what do
you think about the Philippines
Philippines nice having a good time what
do you like the most about it
see the most
maybe the weather yeah come on give me
these more than that this is the most
vanilla answer I've ever heard I'm
kidding what do you like really about
the Philippines I like uh
I guess the the atmosphere people are
friendly yeah things are easy things are
cheaper here definitely uh I guess more
freedom because I work online so I can
just kind of be here go somewhere else
food's pretty good uh they've got like
the same I want to say the same like
amenities like as a big city but it's
like good enough so it's like you can
get a cab you can get your things it's
like malls all over the place so
definitely any dislike something that
can be improved or better
I'd say maybe like um I was in Manila
for like two weeks and there's like a
lot of traffic over there okay so I
maybe traffic is a big thing but like
here in Cebu it's a lot Chiller so
there's not too bad and if you're in the
US in a big city it's like way worse
over there so I got you uh what has been
your biggest surprise about the
Philippines
it's surprised
I don't know if I was surprised by that
I kind of like knew what it would be
like when I got here uh how much rice I
eat to be honest yeah Rice's life here
there's nothing exactly even like with
things that you don't expect to be
served with rice is serious right yeah
and and the other thing about the food
is like everything goes good with the
rice you know yeah it becomes like a
base for everything right
exactly yeah what about relationship
dating are you single are you meeting
people uh meeting people and it's pretty
good over here okay tell me the
difference in eating a Filipino and a
western woman
um I I'd say I enjoy my experience here
meeting women more
um maybe in the US it's like you can
connect on specific things in the US and
culture and everything but I enjoy
dating here in the Philippines more than
the us personally
um I don't want to speak for other
people but yeah it's just been my
experience it's been better now do you
consider yourself a passport bro
no I think there's a lot of like
negative connotations with that so I
just you know I like digital Nomad a
little bit you know it's traveler I like
that too have you traveled to any other
Asian countries no it was my first Asian
country I lived in Latin America for
like two years before this I don't know
how was that it was good yeah I love
Latin America speak good Spanish now oh
okay tell me something in Spanish
anything
in Spanish
Hispanic though right so yeah sometimes
people think I'm Dominican so I just saw
people from Dominican or Venezuelan or
whatever nice how long do you intend to
stay in the Philippines
um I was thinking like a month but it's
been a month already so you know and
extend that Visa too extended my Visa so
okay maybe another month I'll see maybe
I'll go to a different Asian country
it's my first time so I want to go see
like different areas and see kind of
which I like more and see what kind of
works with me so I'm still exploring but
I'm having a good time in the
Philippines have you had a chance to
explore so many islands and stuff around
here all the touristy stuff a little bit
I want to go to uh I think shargo and
Davao yeah and Boracay awesome man well
I hope you have a great time thank you
man appreciate it thank you hi what's
your name hi I'm shahab and where are
you from I'm from here man I'm staying
in Saudi Arabia I was born in Saudi
Arabia as well so what are you doing
here in the Philippines I was sitting
here 2018. I came here for uh sitting
English CIA Academy
like they came here now for vacation
visiting my friends okay so how long
have you been here now on vacation it's
been a week
for a week what do you like the most
about the Philippines
uh people are so friendly it's really
kind really welcoming everyone
uh having really easy life simple life
going with everyone like everyone is
outgoing okay is it going there I got
you and what don't you like about the
Philippines
yeah maybe food yeah food you can't get
used to it right it's not as spicy as in
other countries maybe or I'm not really
a fan of spicy food okay but yeah I
don't like the food beautiful style food
over here okay but actually what has
been your biggest surprise about the
Philippines
I think rice is in here is really much
cheaper than other countries especially
Saudi Arabia
you guys are balling out there I got the
Arab Money Right that oil money yeah can
you give me some money
I'm just kidding man all right thank you
so much for your time I appreciate it
yeah no worries hi what's your name hi
my name is uh Damon uh where are you
from from California but I right now I
live in Japan oh Japan okay how long
have you been in Japan about one year so
far what took you to Japan
um it's for work um I'm not gonna say
too much but I work for the government
so I see and what brings you here to the
Philippines uh for vacation right now
and how long have you been here about
four days now four days what are your
experience so far what are your
impressions of the Philippines uh the
people are really nice I like the food
here
um the weather's pretty good and yeah I
have a overall good experience so far
okay any major surprises so far a new
big surprise for you
um
a lot of like pork like I'm not used to
all the poor people here and like yeah
they make so little here which is a
kosher shot me living in Japan like
everything's very clean and everybody's
like the transportation is nice yeah
just coming here is just a complete
culture shock because it's not a lot of
money to be made out here for you know
people yeah I understand here by
yourself or are you traveling by myself
okay are you single in a relationship
what's going on right now um in between
I have a little situationship I guess
but uh right now I guess I'm kind of
soon okay have you had a chance to
interact with any local Filipinas or men
women anybody okay what do you think of
them oh yeah great great experience so
far I can't say too much but uh yeah
definitely uh
enjoying my time and what about the
language because I know Japan not a lot
of people speak English fluently I
assume from what I understand compared
to here
um the language their their English is
really good actually I haven't really
had too much trouble
um asking for directions or where to go
or getting help to buy I bought a bus
ticket I was lost and they helped me get
a bus ticket
um yeah the overall good uh compared to
Japan like they can reach uh English
pretty well but like speaking it it's
not not that correct I understand any
plans to check out some of the tourist
spots around Cebu
um I do I do plan to I want to go to the
Chocolate Hills so that's that's next on
my list awesome man thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it all right
thank you leave your comments down below
let me know what you think of their
answers did their answers surprise you
or if you've been to the Philippines
what were some of your biggest surprises
now when I came to the Philippines for
the first time my biggest surprise as
I've mentioned before was the kindness
of the people the openness the
approachability the welcoming
Hospitality of the Filipino people no
matter which island I went to which city
I went to I was always there definitely
a big surprise for myself leave your
comments down below if you take time to
write it I'd take it time to respond and
if you found this video entertaining
enjoyable hit that like button consider
sharing it with a friend or if you
really want to support myself consider
becoming a member of the channel we get
a lot more access to exclusive content
so check out the description for more
details I'll see you guys in the next
one bye
foreign
[Music]
