all right guys let's talk about jakarta
and manila two capital cities of two
huge island nations first of all to get
it out of the way i feel like both
cities are underappreciated they're
definitely under love you hear people
going to yeah bangkok oh yeah and then
you hear people ah don't go to manila
just go straight to the beautiful
islands of the philippines ah jakarta
many people only know even bali when it
comes to the perspective of traveling
maybe even living staying for a few
months or maybe even a longer inner city
i want to share a little bit my
impression
[Music]
you know if i think of philippines i'm
thinking amazing blue beaches i'm
thinking indonesia with its volcanoes
the tropical islands but yet
both of the capital cities manila and
jakarta
you don't hear too much about it from
let's say a traveler's perspective not
too many people talk about how much they
want to go there and in contrast to
let's say cities like bangkok that are
fairly high on people's list
i feel like in some ways they might be
underrated not too many people visit
them and today i want to put them next
to each other and share with you the
pros and cons the differences of the two
cities and whether or not i think you
should visit one of them
[Music]
and before we get into it if you're new
here my name is dan and for the past
five years i have been on the road
sometimes changing countries every one
week or two but in the past few years
staying even more so for three months
four months at least a month in every
country to get a bit of a feeling for it
before moving on and talking about this
lifestyle of remote living so if that is
something you're into next to just
travel content i document my life going
to cool places so first of all jakarta
it's a humongous city
population is a bit over 10 million
people manila itself you have to
understand and there's metro manila
which is kind of like the area of manila
like the area of jakarta there is places
like areas like makati areas like bgc
which are really modern really nice same
as with jakarta the cities are very
similar from the aspect that they're
very large they're not really walkable
they're definitely it's also hard to get
from one area to another traffic is
probably horrible in both places for me
it would be hard to compare where it is
worse because i've been in jakarta
during covert times and it was very
quiet but now it's still busy manila was
an absolute nightmare it was almost
impossible to like drive 10 kilometers
without it taking hours so that's
something to keep in mind but if you're
like if you're gonna stay in one area
like i'm gonna give some my personal
recommendations
then you don't really need to drive
around and it doesn't become that big of
an issue maybe like once every few weeks
or however when you go to the airport it
might be but other than that it's not a
huge issue
but you know the thing when you hear
about both cities the first thing you
mostly hear from travelers maybe even
locals they're just like ah forget about
manila just head straight away to
palawan like beautiful islands beautiful
beaches maybe i'm going to show you some
things that are right now
and you know i don't want to sugarcoat
none of the two cities it's true it's
true there's definitely some poverty in
both cities or maybe even a good amount
of that still jakarta is actually being
known for the city that is syncing or
let's say it's the clickbait that is
often people like to use to just you
know always get a little bit more click
pages like we do in this video
um and the truth is is that the water
levels are rising closer to the shores
let's talk about the positive side let's
talk about the interesting side of
things to do a little bit the history a
little bit the culture and that's where
the two cities really really differ so
they're similar from the outlet that
there's some areas they're a little bit
older some areas a little bit nicer
others more poor
and then you have these like super
business districts both in manila as
well as in jakarta they have a little
bit maybe of a new york vibe a little
bit also the back of bangkok vibe huge
sky rises i'm going to show you some
drone shots right now from jakarta you
can check out the other videos i filmed
around it and from manila goes the same
so my recommendation for manila let's
first talk about like the business
district the nice areas to stay where
it's super modern and if you like big
city vibes if you like to go to a
rooftop bar everyone's crazy about the
bangkok rooftop bars well let me tell
you one thing manila has amazing rooftop
bars and so does jakarta and
the areas in jakarta the two areas
one is called kuningan or mega koningan
it's an area with embassies with a lot
of office buildings and residential
buildings alike so really comfortable to
stay you can stay in a building with a
super nice gym you can go out you can go
for walks there's areas that are
developed not just one or two streets
where it's let's say like nice but it's
actually it's actual neighborhood where
you can go for an hour walk and it just
feels super futuristic and super modern
and when i arrived in jakarta like with
any big city i knew there was going to
be a nice area but in jakarta i've
actually been a little bit blown away
similar as the philippines but here
maybe even a little bit more they have
like this brand new scbd area that i'm
staying in right now
and so
with that
like you're definitely gonna have some
nice places to stay be for a few days or
for a few weeks check out some rooftop
bars just get a little bit the city
vibes that exhilarating i just did
actually pull on my story it's kind of
like i like to be a little bit stuck in
between a nut stack i like to bounce
around in between this big city vibe
which is exhilarating which wakes you up
you see people are on the go a little
bit this like new york mentality but it
also can burn you out easily and i feel
like or at least you know i like to
listen to podcasts i like to consume
information around the fact of you know
in terms of like mental well-being we're
just not made to sit in huge skyscrapers
all year long and just stare at walls
and there the thing is with both jakarta
and manila that's what they have in
common even though they have huge
skyscrapers and skyrises the cities are
still fairly green in terms of the
business districts um bgc in manila and
here s cbd in jakarta both of them still
have like a lot of trees a lot of things
are developed nicely in comparison maybe
to a dubai that right now tries to also
have more greenery which is obviously
harder you know
it's a desert
but um yeah those are probably the two
areas in manila it's going to be the bgc
area there are just um the little trip
that they trip there really nice big
buildings big mall complexes again
speaking about malls both jakarta and
manila are known for having humongous
malls like you can get lost there some
of them are a little bit older some of
them are really new and have everything
you might want every single brand you
might think of maybe with some
exceptions but not really
definitely all the big chains you're
gonna find both jakarta and manila so
from the perspective of being a modern
city they have a lot of things in common
they have really nice areas while they
struggle with some infrastructure issues
which i would say both cities are
working on talking about public
transportation and things like that
jakarta is probably still a little bit
better they have an mrt line where i
think philippines has also won i tried
it once was not as good as here this
one's actually comparable to maybe but
they still both have just one line
actually in terms of buses and things
like that jakarta is actually fairly
well jakarta like buses are running
absolutely everywhere in the philippines
they still have the old jeepneys for the
most part they also have some buses but
like a jeepney i don't know if i have a
shot of it it's basically like old
american military cars some of that i
think we're also gonna make a transition
a little bit into the history of both
countries which make the experience very
different
guys honestly taxis
here as well as in manila i think in
jakarta a little bit cheaper than i i
can remember like you can go from one
side to the other side of the city for
five dollars for like a 40 minute drive
you just need to go around the
neighborhood 20 minutes is gonna be like
two dollars for a taxi ride
maybe three dollars in manila but pretty
much around like very easy to get around
you have all the apps
grab and um
in
jakarta that's go jack
so to talk about the culture it makes
the experience really different
so both countries have colonial history
in um indonesia it's the dutch that
happened here for a few hundred years
and really influenced the culture and
you still see it on the ground so you
can go into the old town of um
jakarta and you can see the city hall or
things like around the 300 year old
building
from the dutch that they set it up and
it looks really interesting it adds a
vibe to this modern uh city and some
neighborhoods and then in other
neighborhoods like let's say chinatown
is still
i uploaded the video recently it's still
very like you know it's a little bit
like time traveling like 30 40 years
back with all the markets
and in the philippines you have the
colonial history of the spanish being
there that really influenced the culture
and there you have the intramurals old
town in manila which i actually really
really liked it was like for example
here the old town
is not that large in the philippines the
old town it's fairly big you have these
like
wall structures there's like some war
memorials
and overall just to walk around through
that area you see really really old
christian cathedrals in um the
philippines a lot of them especially in
manila and some of them are actually
look really really nice really cool um
in
here in jakarta you also have some
churches much much less definitely than
in the philippines naturally because
indonesia is i think it is actually the
largest muslim country
in the world yet with some exceptions
like the island of bali is actually that
makes also the culture in bali built
very different but to get back to that
in terms of that if you're coming from
the outside if you have never been to
indonesia it definitely feels different
than let's say a middle eastern country
here
um you have the mosques you have the
mosques
prayers every few hours in the
philippines something worth mentioning
everybody speaks english that's also due
to the recent history fairly recent
history of the american being for some
time in the philippines and they also
really affected the culture in the
philippines are extremely western
oriented when it comes to culture you
can get around with english super super
easily in the philippines most people
like speaking literally fluently and
even their own language they kind of
like mix it all the time
and in jakarta a lot of people gonna
speak english as well i don't know maybe
around half i would say in the business
district a little bit more outside of
the business district a little bit less
so here if you're gonna leave jakarta
honestly i'm gonna tell you there is
some communication issues every once in
a while maybe not necessarily issues
because you always have your hands you
have your eyes and you have google
translate on the phone in indonesia i've
been using it quite quite a lot talking
about the cost of traveling also very
very similar both with accommodation
taxis as mentioned food things like that
restaurant
alrighty guys and so on that note i hope
you got a bit of a feeling for both
cities manila and jakarta i feel like
they're both underrated in the sense
that not that many people go there and
while i do think both of the cities have
problem while personally i i probably
wouldn't particularly choose them to
stay like for weeks or months on end i
think both of them have a certain charm
both of them definitely have areas that
i would maybe avoid and i'll be curious
to hear have you been to any of the two
cities how did you like them or maybe
not like them and while personally
probably i prefer a city like bangkok
maybe to live there also a little bit
longer
i think both of them are really worth
visiting at least for a few days to get
a bit of a feeling if you like the big
city of up i think with every country
you visit if you visit indonesia it's
kind of cool to see you know the capital
of the city if you visit philippines i
think it can also be really interesting
the old town and i'm coming to you right
now from bali depending on where i am
you can check me out on instagram also
there i keep you a little bit up to date
what i'm up to and if you're into the
topic of remote living about living
around the world about finding places
that offer
more freedom
then you should join the world dc
channel
see
[Music]
for the past few years i've been
documenting my life here around
perpetual travel and living around the
world and as of now you're watching
country number 51 indonesia we're gonna
be traveling all throughout java island
the known places bali and
maybe also some hidden gems
