come on Sakai Oh what is going on guys
it's your boy careful man okay so we're
back into the video Morrison gains world
prominence through vloggers man flu
vloggers math so this is going to show
you how important that vloggers are man
like you don't know how much bloggers
influence people matters what I love
doing this stuff and this way I love
doing reactions and I love talking to
the camera man yeah your boy likes the
camera okay I like being in from the
Camerino you know that pearly whites you
know well anyways man you guys know what
I'm doing man I'm trying to learn some -
golly kigali not tagil Tagalog Tagalog
Colonel listen tagalog i'm i keep saying
- golly tagalog i'm trying listen to god
tagalog before i come over to the
philippines man and I was like you know
what let's do this so I've been doing so
anyways again to the video of me
learning some - golly - gall tut tag
Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog all took off me
lands them to call I'll get it right one
day sir ma-mutt
okay Salim mud that is so easy salamat
thank you Salameh salamat whoa whoa
Leung ah no man why long and oh man
well on a new mine well on a new man
po well on a new mine well on a new man
you're welcome well land on you mine
oh this easy MA gun down ha boon McGann
damn hop on
magandang hapon good afternoon magandang
hapon good afternoon
maganda Umaga good morning I am honestly
like off camera guys I am trying to
learn this like seriously man so I do it
on camera and off camera so I am
practicing
I want to be able to have a full
conversation with someone when I get to
the Philippine so with any of you guys
down comments down below and believe me
I practice while I'm talking to my
Filipino friends as well magandang hapon
good afternoon
oh oh oh oh that is that is so easy oh
oh I mean yes you see her give me hard
one hindi hindi hindi hindi hindi goes
doe cool goose gusto ko
gusto KO that's pretty easy I like I
want gusto ko ah yo cool i oh cool I
Yoko Oh Yoko
hey that's gonna ease your man my
tongues finally I catching up you know a
young a young ko
little tongue twister before but now I'm
catching up hey Jung ko anyways man
let's get into this video man
Morissette games worldwide prominence
through vloggers let's see how bloggers
really affect Morissette and in fact
anyone else man in general let's get
into this
as Asia's Phoenix Joanne Morissette Pam
on stands out with a vocal range that
spans five octaves and seven notes
yeah her vocal gymnastics range from
runts belts in tential inflections yeah
solid whistle register that rivals the
original whistle of Mariah that is so
true man millions of views on YouTube
says it all this 23 year olds music has
no boundaries more than a dozen of
Morris's videos on the wish bus has at
least a million views at least one video
even reach more than a hundred ten
million views stop right now because all
sinned I'm Filipino talent all thanks to
social media that's right our YouTube
videos are a favorite among vloggers
she's leaning in now whoa Wow Jesus love
her I'm calling it this goes better than
Adele this is why she's better than
Mariah
in all honesty because she's got more
nuance in the closure skills nine
Tagalog speakers are even trying to
learn Morissette's tagalog songs like in
catalan
yes
champagne Deena man Alana in Indian
wikang filipino de Papa pero para for
them to be able to feel the song and
just to be able to try even just the
melody in the field Sbrocco proud even
vocal coaches who post assessments of
Morissette's performances gets viewed by
millions that's perfect man I'm having a
very difficult time finding anything
wrong with this Oh Jason mark my words
Wow it'll happen boy said Amon will one
day be a global superstar on a global
level fans can catch Morissette live at
the mabui Philippines Festival on August
24th in Toronto Canada oh my god I miss
that for you I am so sad man I heard
about the festival it was too late and
the funny thing about it I was about to
go down to the festival well I was about
to go downtown to do like a video what I
got tied up with other things and I just
couldn't make it if I went downtown I
probably saw this festival now like what
is going on I would have checked out but
man let's get back to Morissette man you
can see the impact that us like us like
me youtubers vloggers have an effect on
like so many people man like for example
we use Morissette here Morissette can
admit and say yes vloggers are impacting
her so much that when they listen to her
song we spread the word man we spread
the song that's what that's what I'm
trying to like tell people like we don't
just like steal those lyrics or whatever
man we honestly try to spread the word
of some of you guys favorite singers man
that is why I love doing this stuff man
I love hearing new songs I love sharing
with people I love you my honest opinion
about stuff man you guys know I always
try to give my honest opinion Fussel if
I like something I will say I like it
I'm not gonna say I like it just because
you know everyone else liked it or you
guys want to hear me say okay you know
my Kevin
just say you like the Filipino song no
if I don't like it I will tell you my
artist opinion
I honestly prefer this one and this is
why right at most you guys like it
some of you guys don't like it so many
guys like uh you are you crazy so you
don't know good song each guy a vocal
coach no I am NOT a vocal coach I am
just an ordinary guy who likes listening
to music I listen to it if I like it I
like it if I don't I don't
but anyways man back to I don't rambling
on a lot but vlog let's have a big
impact on music and the way that YouTube
is coming right now
it's basically if you really want to get
out there man
YouTube is somewhere a platform where
you can talk you can well
freely to extend and give your opinion
and if people care to listen to it they
will listen to it right so that's what I
try to do try to give my opinion and
finally like honestly like like J like
Jason I know Jason like like personally
like had a conversation with Jason
like him it's just amazing see how far
bloggers or has a big influence on music
like we have influence on it be
surprisingly we have influence but
anyways man if you guys made all in this
video you guys know what to do man get
the video thumbs up right give the video
if you guys absolutely love the video
man hit that subscribe button
turn that post notification bells on and
we'll catch you guys the next one
alright and I'll see you guys in the
Philippines pretty damn soon 4 months
and Counting
alright my name is mo ruse
do it just do it don't
