in this video I'm going to tell you how
much I'm paying for this apartment I'm
not going to make a way till the end I'm
paying $18 a night here and I'm going to
show you exactly what that gets me here
in the Philippines and stick around till
the end of this video I'm going to tell
you which city I'm in and what the $18
actually includes I'm going to show you
guys the apartment on the inside what it
comes with how to get a place like this
for yourself if you're coming here and
I'll show you the outside some of the
amenities and the surrounding area and
if you're new to the channel hit the
Subscribe button hit that like button
and let's get into it I'll show you my
apartment here in the Philippines
as you walk in the first thing you see
is on your right is the small kitchen
area and on the left is the bathroom and
coming inside I'm going to show you guys
that a little bit more in detail but as
you come in here you got your bed down
here and actually a second bunk bed here
for your friends that are coming to
sleep over I know personally I don't
like anybody sleeping with me except for
one person and she knows who she is but
yeah if you got some guy friends whoever
coming over you they can sleep up there
or you can just go up and down actually
I've never been up there let's take a
look what is it it look like w okay you
better not be tall you might hit your
head up there anyways so the bed area is
kind of cool and right across from the
bed you got the TV over here big screen
TV a little fan here that's uh if you
want to just not use air conditioning a
nice table with a couple chairs so you
can have your breakfast your morning
coffee watch some news whatever you got
to do or watch some living abroad let me
turn this on so you guys can take a look
as well and um one thing I love is the
air conditioning it's nice and strong
it's really really quiet I can't hear
nothing and over here they got another
table for your working station you got
your laptop and a little bit area for
your clothing now for me of course I'm
not going to use that coat here in the
Philippines probably ever it's too damn
hot for me a nice little painting over
here so far so good so this apartment is
a studio it does not come with its own
bedroom as you can see everything is
pretty much in the same area you got the
bed the table the TV and the kitchen
most studios here in the Philippines are
rather small they're not separated like
some other countries are they're
basically one unit and uh usually
doesn't come with a kitchen or for does
come with a kitchen is a small area like
this now I like this one because it's
got a microwave so at least I can heat
some food up or
whatever it does work and it's got some
cupboard space of course put some stuff
up here plates and Spoon and all that
stuff um a think this sink is actually
kind of big for the size of the actual
counter but you could put like a burner
here or some kind of rice cooker if you
want um of course comes with the kettle
for your morning coffee something to put
your plates and dishes uh let's see
what's in this mini fridge it's not mini
it's like a mediumsized fridge I'm going
to show you guys what's in
here woo nothing but a bottle of hot
sauce and water oh what's this let's
have a look if you guys don't know what
jco is it's like the best dut company I
think they're actually Indonesian but
they're all around southeast Asia most
countries I haven't seen one in Thailand
I don't know if there's one in there but
they have some of the best donuts you
can have look at that I've got a little
bit of into this six of these come for
like
24060 basically for $5 you can get six
amazing delicious donuts made on the
spot just for you so so far so good I've
shown you guys the living room the table
the kitchen area a little bit uh some
steps going to the bunk bed let's check
out the bathroom some of the most
important parts of staying in a place is
the bathroom at least for me anyways
because um I like my who something just
fell uh these two towels were here one
for my face one for my butt try to I'm
just kidding
um or am I anyways let's go inside the
bathroom and have a look okay toilets in
the corner nice one surprising thing
there's no bedet in this one most
Filipino houses you'll find a bedet most
Filipino Apartments I should say uh
toilets have a bedet to wash your ass
but there's none of that here so just
some toilet paper and a sink of course
with some you know whatever a mirror I
forgot the word for mirror and my
favorite part of this is the actual
water heater cuz I still cannot get used
to taking a cold shower and um I've done
a couple things one I've put this thing
over the drain there and I've covered
this little hole with a plastic thing if
you can guess why I've done these two
things leave your comments down below I
love to know check this out can you tell
I'm a dude I just got like soap
toothbrush I'm deodorant that's it
anyways one more thing I really like
about this place is the water pressure
is really really
strong sometimes s in the Philippines
depending on where you're going you
don't really get strong water pressure
coming from um the shower head or any of
the Taps themselves so here it's really
really strong one more thing about this
is the balcony check this
out
so
who look at this beautiful
view if you haven't guessed already I'm
actually in D city right right so this
is my apartment in Deval City near a
Breza mall it's right next to the mall
which is amazing so I usually just walk
pretty much 100 m not even to grab a
coffee grab some food just an amazing
place to just really convenient to walk
through the greeza mall and about 1.5 K
the Gan Mall another great place to meet
some fellow xats to go do some exploring
one thing that's kind of cool is I've
never seen um actual air condition units
on the floor before they usually mounted
up on the on the walls here but this
one's on the floor I'm not sure if that
makes any difference oh let me tell you
guys a story that happened so yesterday
I was sitting right here on this table
having a coffee and I started getting
dizzy and I'm like oh wow I'm I'm
feeling dizzy what's going on here and I
felt like my head was going left to
right and I'm like wow this coffee is
strong I should stop drinking it but I'm
like wait I'm actually like not feeling
well I thought I was going to faint I'm
like what what's going on and I looked
across and this is what I see I see this
building literally swaying left to right
and all the water was pouring down from
that pool and I'm like like oh it's an
earthquake so I got nothing except for
my actual wallet and my phone and I just
ran Barefoot down the stairs 17 flights
of stairs and uh I get to the bottom
floor and the door's locked everybody's
screaming it's like whoa open the door
and I'm like why is the door locked and
every single stair case the door doesn't
have actual handle to push through which
is crazy to me it's a fire hazard they
should have something to push or at
least a bell if someone opens it in case
if they shouldn't be anyways I don't
want to talk about building codes here
in the Philippines I have no idea but
nobody could get out so I went I ran
back down the stairs and I literally
like body checked the door open I guess
I was stuck and everybody ran out so
whoever was here during that earthquake
was 6.9 uh I'm glad people are safe I
guess I know some homes got wrecked a
little bit I've seen some pictures of
damage to buildings so it was the
biggest I think I've lived through three
not lived through I've experienced three
or four earthquakes three in the
Philippines for sure and this was
definitely the worst one one that
actually felt so pretty terrifying
because uh I I thought maybe something
really bad was going to happen so uh
maybe you guys can share experience if
you know anybody in that earthquake or
if you're in the earthquake yourself let
me know anyways let's go outside I'm
going to show you guys some of the other
areas around here just really quickly
sir do you know where the pool the
swimming pool Which floor FL ninth floor
okay thank you hello what's your name my
name is and yourself my name is JY how
long have you worked here yeah how many
years did you work here uh uh almost 9
months coming December December are
there many foreigners living here yes
okay okay very nice well thank you so
much thank you I got my personal guide H
taking me to the S
Pool my first time Al so you got the
pool over here cool and then there's a
gym there too yeah okay do you work out
yes you looks like you work out man
you're strong huh all right let's take a
look whoa this is
beautiful look at
this and you have a gym I had no idea
there's a gym here only a couple pieces
of equipment but that's all you need
right close to
Robinson
supermarket and uh people doing Tik
Tok super friendly guy a personal guy to
show me the pool and the gym let's go
upstairs and I'll tell you guys how much
this cost and we'll finish up the video
that is my apartment here in Deval City
let me know what you think of this place
leave me comments down below let me know
what you think of the price the
amenities the apartment itself uh
anything you like to see different or
anything that surprise you and if I'm
paying too much for or too little
considering I'm only renting it for a
week and I'm only paying 7,000 pesos of
course if I stayed longer I'm sure I'm
sure the owner will go ahead and
accommodate me she's really sweet and
I'm pretty sure I could get this place
between maybe around 500 bucks a month
all included with all the utilities and
not having to sign like a long-term
contract so I think uh around 500 bucks
you can get this place for a month which
is not bad here in Deval City and that
way you're not stuck somewhere long term
without having a good lay of the land
before you commit to somewhere and
that's it for this video I've done a lot
of these kind of um apartment tours I
stay in different places quite often let
me know in the comment section if you
want to see more apartment tours like
this and if you found this video
entertaining and
or just want to show your love for
myself consider hitting that subscribe
button liking this video sharing with
somebody and I'll see you in the next
one
bye
