worse than I experienced before met
someone online and I ended up coming
here to meet her does she want to say
hello
they make you feel like you're part of
the family that's my wife
and then moved here you don't find that
state you know I'm old I'm 77 years old
so she's 26. what don't you like about
the Philippines the most hello and
welcome to living abroad in this video
I'm back with another Street interview
guys and the last one we asked the
foreigners of the first impression of
the Philippines in this video we're
going to ask them exactly what they like
and dislike about this country now
before we do that if you're new to this
Channel please hit the Subscribe button
we're making our way to 100 000
subscribers anyway let's get out there
talk to some people hi what's your name
I'm Rick and where are you from I'm
originally from the Montreal area and
the last 20 years I lived in Cambridge
Ontario nice so Tupac
no I don't that's all I know how to say
so we're good you're limited I'm limited
and tell me what brings you down here to
the Philippines
um I
met someone online and I ended up coming
here to meet her and uh that was almost
two years ago
okay have you been here for two years
now no I've been here for about a year
because we had to go through all that
fun of uh the pandemic so uh finally
when that uh calmed down I was able to
make tracks here very very nicely you've
been here for basically a long time what
are your favorite things aside from your
significant other of course what do you
like the most
the people are actually quite amazing
here they will bend over to help you out
or or you know they're very inviting
very inviting people I haven't had any
negative uh
situations that come my way today knock
on wood all right um anything negative
or you say you don't have any experience
with negative but what could be improved
or something that could be different to
make life even easier didn't uh the only
probably the infrastructure of internet
based kind of stuff and uh
uh you know it's a developing country so
they're they're limited on how they take
care of their garbage and stuff like
that
um but you know I've been to other
developing countries so it's it's
they're pretty much on par no different
right tell me a little bit about the
relationship with your I guess is she
your girlfriend fiance what's her title
she's my long-term girlfriend right now
okay does she want to say hello
hi oh okay I see why you came here very
very nice my girlfriend Irene so Irene
tell me a little bit about that what's
it like dating a Filipina as a Canadian
um I did have some Philippine uh
relationship before when I was in Canada
so I understood some of the culture and
I did
uh do you know looked online and and
other people would relationships and
stuff like that so I wasn't too
uh unfamiliar
um but uh what I like is
um Carefree attitude uh very much
caring uh and caring about me myself you
know not just what I have or what I
don't have
um
you can tell that she puts a lot of
stock into me okay
worried about
you know filipino's family I want to
know about your relationship with her
family what's that like um so far uh the
only people that I met of her is her
brother and her brother actually lives
in the level
and uh we had him hurt him and his wife
over a few times and uh it's been very
good the only thing is that I don't
speak the sign in his English she
doesn't want to speak English he's
afraid to speak English I guess but he
understands that we have fun and you
know everything just kind of gels after
you have a couple of beers anyways right
all right tell me are you happy that you
made the decision to come I did it was a
huge uh decision for me actually because
I like I said I was living in Cambridge
for 20 years and I came down here to
meet her to see if you know how we how
we how we get together and how we feel
and everything else and I said hey I
like this area here and uh so I actually
went back home sold my house sold all my
stuff and then moved here awesome thank
you so much for your time thanks hi
what's your name my name's Ken Bruton
and where are you from I'm from
Mississippi oh that's nice okay what
brings you all the way down here to the
Philippines uh combination of things you
know price of the dollar ratio to the
Filipino Peso and uh I met somebody
that's uh turned into a big part of my
life I can see that smile for me so I
actually must be something special tell
me about that how did you meet her I met
her believe it or not she was selling
chicken at a little chicken place and
and lapo lapo when I first came here the
first time this is the second time I was
here for three months two months that's
maybe half an hour with somebody but
it's never went anywhere it was just a
failure then I met her and I've been in
love with her ever since okay so are you
planning to stay in the Philippines
longer or what do you think I'm doing
earlier okay yeah I've sold my house I'm
this is it for making this breakfast
that's fantastic now aside from your
special lady uh what else do you like
about the Philippines uh the people
mostly you know everybody says that you
know there's people that smiles and
they're friendship friendliness you know
just they make you feel like you're part
of the family I just got back from
behold I met a lady that me and her both
met a lady in the condo where we're
staying she invited us up to behold to
stay with her though she got about a 5
000 square foot house I mean we're
riding on the ocean beautiful I mean
treat us like we were family I'm talking
about we and they call us family now
yeah you don't find that in the States
you know people will never do that with
somebody just met you know for sure
that's normal let's go back I'm curious
about meeting women a lot of guys are of
course interested in the Philippines
because of the woman it was the best way
because online can be a little you know
on and off I guess a little yeah online
didn't work for me you know I had a lot
of people on there you know that I text
whatever looked at but the way to meet
women is just forget that you're not in
the states okay and just come over here
and just realize that these people over
here are looking for the same thing you
are yeah they want security you want
companionship if you're honest with them
and they're honest with you
and you're not trying to fool anybody
you know I'm old I'm 77 years old so
yeah you're not 70s really she's 26. oh
my goodness okay but from the time we've
met we've just been honest with each
other she needed security and I needed
uh companionship so it's just turning
into more but it's just slow we're
taking our time so our 51 year age Gap
tell me a little bit about that are
there actually any difficulties or do
you really actually Focus every day
every day I mean it's just a difference
in Personality yeah it's not so much
they don't look at age like we do but uh
still yet
you've just got to be honest every day
honest every day you know and you've got
to work at it it really takes a lot of
work because they want to
uh let you be in charge but yet they
kind of try to dominate you yeah I see
yeah and they are uh they're very
friendly people so you end up you know
you try to take advantage of that you
find yourself doing it and if you can
control your own emotions where you do
the right thing yeah the person you're
with you find out you have a good
relationship with them thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it you're
welcome hi what's your name uh Chuck
Howard uh where are you from Chuck
Hawaii but mostly here now how long have
you been in the Philippines
off and on since the 70s
but this trip uh I'm here for seven
months my goodness this is the 70s so
tell me what keeps bringing you back to
the Philippines the people the climate
the culture the food okay and over the
past decades I'd say what don't you like
about the Philippines the most
humidity I'm just gonna say I got this
thing here humidity he's a YouTuber
hello would you like to say that's my
wife hi hi oh I see why you're here the
real reason is your wife that's great
all right so the humidity and what's the
biggest change you've noticed since like
the 70s until now oh of course it's like
anywhere in the world the growth okay
but we spend
a lot of time here but we also have uh I
don't know if you've been to sigior I
was very close to Secret Heart of
Dumaguete but we have a home there okay
so we get tired of the big city
country get tired of the country
how is Island life tell me what you like
about living on secret Halls you'll see
here yeah it's just quiet living it's
clean no traffic no pollution beaches
are gorgeous they're clean and clear and
it's just a bit it's just a great place
to live how is the Internet and
infrastructure for someone like myself
that depends heavily on that is it okay
to live there for okay awesome yeah I
mean
it can get spotty but yeah but I you
know we well in our home anyway we don't
have any problem with
Wi-Fi for example okay and my wife's
using data so she's no no problem yeah
but you're right if you're making a
living on the internet yeah I have a
professor friend here and he won't go
outside of Cebu yeah because it's hard
to maintain connectivity I guess
sometimes it can be yeah uh now so
you've been coming for a long time like
it's easier to meet people now through
online how did you meet your wife in the
70s or 80s or whenever you met her it's
a long story but her family yeah
immigrated to Hawaii before Hawaii was a
state so I met her family first okay and
then they hooked you guys up right
awesome thank you so much for your time
I appreciate it all right you too hi
what's your name my name is Vadim and
where are you from uh from no uh
originally from Russia okay and tell me
how old are you uh 24 years old very
good and why are you here in the
Philippines uh
my only reason to be honest is because I
can stay here as long as I want because
I can stay here for three years without
any problems because
laws here allows me to do it okay and
it's very nice country with very
welcoming people
sure it's not very expensive
I think and
it's just nice place to stay I like how
it looks and I like the weather
most of the time especially compared to
Russia most of the time
of the winter
yeah I can relate definitely so you
mentioned some positive things some good
things uh what are some things maybe you
don't like uh yeah sometimes I can see
that for example Bank Services food
delivery services
and things like uh I don't know
I think maybe
these two things are are are very well
organized okay because back in Russia we
have a really nice Bank service and
everything that connects with with the
how to say
when a government wants to take money
from you they trying to organize it as
as nice as possible
I understand right so we'll make things
more seamless and easier especially if
the government wants the money yeah and
when you're trying to transfer money
each other too
yeah you can just in Russia we can just
transfer money using mobile numbers and
uh
in different box no matter what Banker
you are using you can still transfer
money using mobile number I see and
there are I'm not sure but there are no
uh who and good delivery service of
groceries of course back in Russia I'm
order it
delivery or groceries a lot but here I
cannot because it's or neither too long
or too bad I did it a few times and
it was in a nasty box when everything
was messed up it was hard to
yeah maybe because we're tourists maybe
we don't know exactly where to order
from yeah there might be some proper
things so we'll just probably have to
ask the locals yeah I think uh too and I
already asked about some things and I
found the better ways to okay to do it
but still it's worse than I experienced
before that's great and have you are you
single are you married I'm here with my
girlfriend okay she's from Russia too
okay excellent thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it
okay thank you there you have it guys
that was today's videos let me know in
the comment section exactly what you
think of the answers what surprised you
anything you want to share if you take
your time to write it I take time to
respond apparently there's a typhoon
coming this weekend so hopefully it's
not so bad and nothing happens like the
last one or debt really damaged some of
the areas here in the Philippines hope
it's not as bad as that one and I'll see
you guys in the next one oh and of
course if you enjoyed this video please
subscribe to the channel making a week
at 100 000 subscribers I'll see you guys
in the next one bye
foreign
[Music]
