South Korea now what do you like about
the Philippines WiFi usually is not working
you said something about Filipino guys
are you single uh I think Filipinos are
hi what's your name uh K King what's
your name my name is and where are your
girls from South Korea why are you here
in the
Philippines vacation vacation okay how
long have you been here 6 days six days
and what do you like about the
Philippines in 6 days what do you like
the
most I went to I like Sky yeah the
weather's nice is very nice
and people people are friendly right
okay did you go to the beach maybe the
islands oh not yet not yet okay um is
there something maybe you don't like
something that can be
better traffic yes always traffic right
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it thank you thank
you hi what's your name my name is Gian
and yours I'm Y and where your girls
from We're from South Korea how long
have you been here in the Philippines uh
maybe 6 days Days oh not bad it's very
only four days why did you come here uh
for a vacation tell me what do you like
about the Philippines so far uh I think
Filipinos are so kind and
very friendly looking and they want to
do do us something always yeah I think
that was the best perfect and what about
yourself what do you like about the
Philippines uh well I also like the
kindness of the Philippine people and
most of the Philippine guys were very
nice to us okay maybe because we uh they
like Korean
girls and a nice view and also the nice
weather it's quite hot it's very hot
right so you said something about
Filipino guys are you single are you in
a relationship tell me about your
relationship status right now yeah okay
I'm a single right now have you dated
any Filipino guys um kind of kind of
okay she's helping you out like a little
bit what do have you met them maybe for
coffee or something no we dated we
didn't date it we didn't date it played
with we just um hang around
and we went to club together nice very
nice it sounds exciting okay thank you
so much for your time I appreciate it
okay you thank you so much how do you
say goodbye in
Korean okay some exciting words I never
heard these things but so where are you
come from I come from Canada Canada yeah
we have lots of Koreans and Korean
restaurants in Canada now I see I see a
lot of students and business people too
so are you traveling a various countries
yeah I'm just traveling to different
places I just came from Singapore and
before that Indonesia so yeah so it's
your job kind of job to travel abroad
yeah this is my full-time thing now you
know I uh have uh this is a full-time
job for me now so I travel and ask
lovely people like yourself some
questions how long have you been here
I've been here one week now so but I was
here before last time and people are
very friendly and supportive and the
channel got very popular so I thought i'
come
back and what are you girls doing so for
your are you schooling are you working
what do you do yeah we are just
schooling we're in college we met four
of them in college okay and who are
these girls they're are friends okay I'm
going to talk to them after what do you
want to do when you're older for your
job uh our major is Elementary education
so we'll probably be a school teacher at
elementary school how are you not
sweating right now not sweating you're
sweating I can't tell this is
unbelievably hot over here okay thank
you girls so much for your time I
appreciate it you bye hi what's your
name my name is and what's your name my
name is s and how old are you I am 21
and yourself 24 okay so what are you
doing in the Philippines we traveled for
4 days five days five days first we went
to S City and now and yesterday we went
to M and now we came to AA Mo again and
tell me what do you like the most about
the Philippines so far um I love
Filipinos because they are very kind
and that's okay yeah everybody loves
them and beautiful natural
landscape ocean and thick
th oh turtle and other things yeah
natural beauty right over here is
amazing beaches and how about yourself
what do you like about the filipin I
like the Filipinos because they were
really kind to us and the landscape was
really beautiful the ocean was really
beautiful and we did Snow CLE the day
before yesterday and it was really a
great experience and I can't I will
never forget it have you tried any
Filipino
[Music]
food ah I had Gary's Grill G Grill yeah
gr very nice and what do you think of
Filipino food actually I expected a lot
but it was not my top it wasn't your cup
of tea right it was yes it was not my
yeah I understand is there something you
don't like about the
Philippines maybe I think it is a little
dangerous because in Korea there are not
many policies like in this um this
department but there were really many
there's a lot of security guards
everywhere right girls in department and
hotels so maybe it can be a little
dangerous because they can have weapons
so I think it is the worst part of the
Philippines but I like Philippines and I
want to visit on that's amazing how
about yourself is there something you
don't like about the
[Music]
Philippines hot weather I know right
it's humid all the time it is a hum
thank you girls so much for your time I
appreciate it oh thank you hi what's
your name uh my name is Andrew Kim and
where are you from I'm from South Korea
and why are you here in the Philippines
actually I'm playing poker oh you're a
professional poker player I see the ace
of hearts on your chest okay so here to
play poker how many days have you been
here uh 10 days in 10 days what do you
like the most about the Philippines is
there something that you like here
uh uh weather
M beaches yeah and food okay so you like
the Filipino food how many days will you
stay here yeah 10 days it's my last day
this your last day okay so you're
enjoying the day did you win money at
poker or did you lose money uh I wa yeah
congratulations thank you so much for
your time thank you H hi what's your
name uh my name is Yan and what's your
name my name is m and how old are
you uh 22 22 and how old are you 22 22
oh 22 and you girls friends or sisters
classmates high school friends and why
are you here in the
Philippines just vacation how long have
you been here um 6 days only 6 days what
do you like about the
Philippines um I like Hing okay very
good and what do you like I don't like
them mod so
okay anything specific do you like
surfing like cheaper than in Korea okay
is that where you're from where are you
from South Korea South Korea you too
right yes so things are cheaper here
right did you go to the beach did you
get a chance to go to the
beach yes we
went m Island oh mtan Island okay it's a
beautiful place okay what don't you like
about the Philippines maybe is it too
hot the traffic what don't you
like traffic oh traffic is so bad right
and Wi-Fi oh yeah the internet right the
Wi-Fi is always a problem here us it's
not
working yeah usually it's not working
okay and so
hot that was hot right so do you think
you can come here to learn English
because everybody speaks English here
right so it's easy
yeah
I I got it yes I I like Philippines okay
Philippines is great right well thank
you so much for your time I appreciate
it thank you thank you there you have it
some Korean visitors experience in the
Philippines leave your thoughts down
below share your comments let me know
what surprised you about their answers
for me was a little bit about that the
Philippines a little bit dangerous I've
been getting that quite a bit lately so
I'm going to make a video specifically
about that I'm going to ask foreigners
if they think the Philippines is safe to
travel to so be sure to turn on Bell
notifications you don't miss that one
yeah share your thoughts if you take
time to write it I take time to respond
and if you enjoyed this video do me a
huge favor share this video with someone
that might also enjoy it hit that like
button and subscribe to the channel if
you're new and if you're looking for
one-on-one consultation I've been
helping people lately start their own
YouTube channel as well as coming to the
Philippines if they have any specific
questions like dating expenses cost of
living all that good stuff and consider
becoming a member of the channel check
out the description down below for much
much more details about becoming a
channel member and I'll see you guys in
the next video
bye
