we going to add a healthy
amount and the beef parach oh wow that
beef you didn't even have to chew it
it's so
tender Philippines has got a lot of
interesting dishes very popular ones
everybody knows adobo Panet a little
hidden secret is the beef
Paras it's a stapled diet of all meals
enjoyed by many I'm going to show you
how I eat it differently
come up
PO what beef pars po okay coming okay
it's a fun fact beef Paris Paris
actually comes from a tagalag word to
mean pear and I just asked him for the
beef Paris and rice it's a pair of food
not a lot of people know this it's kind
of o a foreigner does that's how good
this stuff is I eat it every day let's
get over to the table and uh we'll we'll
let the gentleman bring it
out there you fire
I love this dish I eat this stuff
actually every day it's sarra I eat it a
lot different but here's another fun
fact for you beef Paris originated out
of the streets of Manila but it's grown
in popularity you can find it all over
the Philippines beef Paris is a soup
based we're going to get actually the
chef out here to tell us all of his
ingredients and the process of making it
now there are some people you can get
the upgraded comes with L Chong chabal
Shanghai and a and a boiled egg that's
kind of interesting too but I just get
the basic one 50 pesos one Us doll all
right brother so you're the cook and the
chef of this right so you've been making
this for years yeah okay how many years
one year okay so tell us what what are
the ingredients and just tell us the
short version can you tell us uh all of
the ingredients that you use to cook
this just a simple ingredients we use on
ours meat talog then
pitao sure yes oyster do you put any
kind of like garlic or
yes luya and then bang okay wow that's a
lot of ingredients shares a lot Cube
Cube beef oh yeah beef cube for the soup
for the broth and to make soup yes
because B so that it makes more like a
good oh nice getting the marrow the bone
marrow and all of those healthy things
that are in the the bone outside into
the soup base excellent for you how how
long does that process take start to
finish and make one batch of beef Harris
about 2 hours huh that's including
cooking the beef and the boiling all
right well uh let me try this food I
appreciate you thank you for your time
Kaa let's dive into this dish I'll show
you how I eat it different and why I
enjoy it this way that's what makes it
everyday meal for me okay the first
thing we do is we give it a little remix
okay just mixing up all those
ingredients the next thing we do we're
out with the goodness here in beo they
love that chili pepper and I do too so
we got Chili Peppers we got chili pepper
oil on the top and we got the peppers on
the bottom we got chili oil on the top
and the peppers down on the bottom we're
going to add one scoop typically
sometimes they go a scoop and a half
I'll tell you a wild experience after
many drinks with other Filipinos we
tried three
scoops Syra I don't advise it it's fiery
hot one scoop that's a big scoop right
there okay we got our Chili Peppers now
we get some of this oil in there getting
excited already beef PE and it's only a
dollar 50 pesos you wouldn't believe
this so a lot of people put their chili
chili pepper in there nothing's abnormal
yet we're going to mix it all up in
there till we have consistency so we've
added spice we're adding a little bit of
heat to the dish mixing up those oils in
there and naturally the oils want to
separate a little bit so we're going to
keep mixing second thing I add garlic
love the garlic now Kya says they
already add garlic to it during the mix
we're going to add a healthy
me here we go so I seasoned the top of
it with garlic those are actually the
only two seasonings I add we still have
one more my trade secret of how I eat it
but first we need to mix up all that
garlic and mix up that heat those Chili
Peppers here we go so right now alls we
have was a soup and this is what a lot
of Filipinos will do they will eat their
rice and then they will scoop some and
you know they'll pretty much eat their
soup with the spoon and just something
like this slowly I'm not too fond of
that this is where I get
different what I like to do is just mix
that Rice right
in so there's a good reason why I add
this rice because the rice will actually
absorb some of the liquid and the soup
into the rice and that makes it a little
thicker reaction even Filipinos are
usually surprised out of information I
know stick around for those fun facts
here we go
reaction taste the spice not extreme I
don't need water but the garlic it's a
good balance spice and garlic and the
beef froth and all of those flavors that
guya was saying that they add in during
C with chunks of beef here's a chunk of
beef the rice and the
parachute oh wow that beef you didn't
even have to chew it it's so tender just
melted in my
mouth
SCP I think I mentioned already that
they sprinkle green onions on the top
that's always a good
thing it's not I don't need water or
anything to cool down it's very
[Music]
flavorful all finished that's a
beautiful thing hit your belly really
well you can eat this once twice a day
now typically how it's normally eaten
you'll have a main course meal and be
feris is a secondary thing some people
just come here you eat it alone like
myself typically Filipinos like a good
smorgus Borg two last fun facts for you
there's a lot of people that like to
experiment with their beef Paris you've
seen me do it I add in the heat do the
spicy be Chili Pepper C and then I add
in the garlic just enough garlic to to
kind of alter to alter The Taste adding
the rice so the rice will absorb the
liquid but adding the rice so it absorbs
the soup into the rice is the major way
I I just enjoy it that way last fun fact
for you guys is beef Paris is commonly
referred to as a comfort food that's
something that gives the Filipinos
happiness and enjoyment and brings back
fond memories of family gatherings and
friendships that's beef Paris 50 pesos
when you is dollar this is how I eat it
in fact I'll tell you what soah one more
please man I'm going to have another one
that's beef Paris 50 pesos $1 us how I
eat it differently I hope you enjoyed
all them folks there's going to be
videos up top that Google thinks you
like there's going to be some playlists
down below of other videos that we make
about exotic foods all kinds of
different Filipino dishes travel
Adventure all these great things hope
you enjoy those click those links till
next time people hit that like And
subscribe and we'll see you in the next
one
[Music]
