18 languages all most beautiful people
Mabuhay magandang Arwen welcome back to
mg ND echo today I will be reacting to a
Filipino kid or Filipino teen I don't
know how old he is but apparently can
speak 18 languages I mean I'm sure he's
not the only one I'm not even sure that
this is true like what do they mean by
this do they mean that he can you know
maybe speak and enunciate a sentence in
18 languages or can he actually speak 18
languages fluently you know because that
would be very impressive and this is
interesting to me because as you know I
speak three languages fluently and
Spanish just a little bit you know so
it's very interesting to me plus with
you know the globalization and more
mixed couples and everything this is
this is bound to happen you know there
are more and more people that can speak
multiple languages even if English is
considered the international language
you know so it's impressive I mean if
this is real dude I cannot wait to see
which are the languages that he can
speak fluently and if Arabic French and
English are one of them you know I'm
pretty sure I don't know about Arabic
but I'm pretty sure that English and
French are and Spanish are one of these
those languages and maybe even
Portuguese so we will see all right so
before we stop please consider follow me
on instagram at music game news alright
that's good to it oh wait but before we
start you know those teasers that you
can find on the channel well you can
watch the full reaction video
exclusively on patreon so don't hesitate
to check it out
[Music]
Wow oh good
hi Marilyn
and I'm 18 and I'm Marlon Arlen today
I'm going to speak in 18 languages
okay so we got English that's one well
yeah I mean I was I know that Tagalog
what's emerging dramas blabbing why
don't our kuleana Filipino papa depandi
disability penis and detox oblivia
support lemon annexes an economic atom
and we can tagalog i canna gametes about
our king why i forgot and i'm gonna
count my as you can see it don't go by
campano was gonna talk to Heather had a
fine name alright English age of six
iris thought to English language because
I can't language of the Philippines and
so we were taught English English
language here in the Philippines in life
in the first grade and up to college I
think his accent is impressive you know
he does not actually sound like a
Filipino that speaks English so that is
why I think English is a language that
I'm most comfortable speaking with
because I've studied a lot of years I'm
fluent in it and I could speak with any
English speaker in oral all right I
think mm-hmm learning languages Susan in
my mind and it's like it's the last
thing I could do but at the age of 12 I
knew I was like contented with only two
languages Spanish let's go let's see
they say pretend there is you must
respond opening yelled Oceanus premier
pienso que la razón porqué JC de
aprender lo cuando viene una película de
ella biography na - you know
the reason la película is a Filipino
espanol en este momento media came a
goose alameda della lingua Spinola okay
so it's not just a sentence you can
actually speak in that language
that's why operand there is a yama
alchemy and so tiny difficult at anal
chromatic a perky that's definitely
spanish diferencia de gallo muchos where
was L diferencia Dell Dell Tagalog the
difference to tagalog impose can Antonia
but also yacon determinacy only
apprentice either one but Ania in Libra
new anime extra but is it not me
simultaneous oh no oh no they're not
I'm gonna get cramps no vocabulary oh
it's my passive parameter key this was
closest panelist for Kaiser Janos
communist army service press Cygnus our
language
give me a tiene muchas palabra similar
ahora la lengua Filipina our amines now
i think la lengua the language Filipina
khmer did he say come here committees
eat right I think Italian so I'm gonna
try to pause during these transitions to
talk about things so yeah brah
the dude can speak English Tagalog
Spanish fluently that's for sure let's
see about Italian and the best part is
that the accent is was impressive he's
got the Spanish accent quando finita la
spaniel Oh Mia de tocqueville yo pimper
are appealing El Dorado Tata Traverso
del internet casino lepovitz reading
Pereira de Oh
Aloha Alaura so means so italiano
romantic Italian a molto simmilar a lamb
in a grammatica opinion dig the grammar
the Italian grammar is similar to
Penelope case of a building it's similar
to the Spanish one great separate part
look on amici karat army I predict Carlo
she's on a voltaic cuando mi amici me
Deacon okay about a pod super capillary
multilingual on ko of autonomy italiano
the Napoli he won contrato parfaits
Napoli yeah Utah's embryonal me Italian
soccer engineer or a grammatically KO
facto oh my god man that is impressive
I'm telling you because there are a lot
of people that can speak multiple
languages but there are I think even
fewer people that can speak multiple
languages with the accent of that
country you know fridge come on oh it's
a faucet no he's on cue usually excuse
I'm the first oh he's saying I want to
go to friends with my girlfriend okay so
his French accent is not French you know
you can tell that there is an accent
there but it's okay you can speak it I'm
FMCSA facilitated similarity kita yeah
in Hispaniola 3d physical acquisition
there you go so he's saying that the
French language is pretty easy for him
because it is very similar to Spanish
and Italian but the hard part is the
pronunciation so the accent
is even he is saying that he thinks his
accent is terrible
hepatic tissue my Bush he shot a video
and he's saying that he practices the
way you know he's trying to imitate the
how the French are moving there
mouths you know to get better at that
the conditions on the Kinsey shock
usually same
he said he's he always listened to music
of French singer and he loves it
Portuguese let's go I gotta follow
Portuguese Portuguese from Portuguese or
Portuguese from Brazil fish como esta
vez any videos in which country music
video you can sound stuff in Portuguese
if you so please look up oh so int India
was later s Opaka Kazim with the
facility Apprendi well she give him a
lingo - Vinny you got you what's up a
lock on but it's later epochs to Jesus
in such a assuming she missing no
for lap or so means epoch you know m/s -
finish wow wow wow
like since I don't speak you know the
other languages so to my ears his accent
is pretty good and Portuguese the
Portuguese language is beautiful you
know but it it could kind of also sounds
like Russian a little bit you know like
it's as if you were rewinding someone
you know someone talking what what yeah
once me I'm fine job one you know what I
mean it sounds hilarious German mmm gets
finished i freshen mine cop fish buddy
I wish touched yet is a Chevelle insulin
shock demanding guys does okay look no
offense to Germans but the German
language man is is the less pleasant
language to listen to I'm sorry it's
just relaxing at the desk I don't know
is this but no offense seriously I'm
done that's kinase pathways spell that
man has a little my gosh oh my gosh wha
a good spy
it's gonna snow
oh my god I can't understand anything
Dutch from deadliest birthday Liam prank
me and hit the mirror on the probation
not come back like it's infernal like
Paris attacks and angles Wow Lucic
prepared a hit in exalted sir look like
drilling them hit the Laden mix kill and
expel in Kirov ache and you can expect
him it neuron support his Dutch sorry
his German was seemed very smooth you
know very fluent he seemed very fluent
in German especially compared to to
Dutch more fluent Africans
now Afrikaans was my live link pal that
actually hit I think that I've heard of
Africans but who speaks this language
didn't work at all to leave us more to
act it later back in hit this is so much
like the hermit is my flick to first
storm devotees from angles in front
lights in their halls I think that
didn't did the mock mock likes apple in
the barrel this clyster and act like
that after them African music from the
David vows are false and when the papers
music ah he was saying that he likes
music Africans music and he was
mentioning the artists that he likes I
think Esperanto :
what's Esperanto Esperanto never known a
whiskey GSS elephants alluring for
endomondo canopy Nostrum so Venus sees
Esperanto GSS in vertically in one the
doctors amino sounds will be like
Portuguese we Far Eastern Lincoln for
universal a lingo perk a homophobic slur
religion
silica in publishing Frank ingenious
natural in bow
multi Hawaiian corollary
the survivalist let me refer to Silla
Linville the purpose probably Esperanto
okay
that's already ten alright so we're
gonna start again so remember he's done
ten already indonesian miss Arabella
Jarvis and when I say can I do what
Allah the panga that at the gallop when
a cotton embossing can I say young man
together karna America alum colleague
Wonka
yessuh Massa when a coronary in December
to say on took many cut can say passing
Ganesha maracas manager saber
bharata-varsa Galka piccata danke danke
Donnell say Kananga language are coming
given America Tagalog turtle on other
Jew Cabana around the Philippine I am
incident ballot are passing gonna say
joga the kattegat on say Albert because
I live in America those sounds repeat
themselves Swedish wow you can do good
one from Indonesia to Sweden
Oh Spence come in bar Aleta yeah take it
on strands go after sold it here that's
not her backyard or succeed yo it's
acted at this block near you hear their
note from Veronica Mars own song and she
had her yet Hilton or it's well scared
it's tough in the scans in hibiscus
broken so many get Wow Hoppus or chicken
let me dance in your norske in dog Wow
Russian yes I'm sorry I'm sorry I mean
he said just a few words and it sounds
like I said like someone is rewinding a
disc you know sweetie mind
Mia Mia Mia Mia is it so funny give my
indulgence cos such joy a capris long
blow her cover of scheme
give me them no offense I love my
Russians man but come on yeah it's a
brewski Isaac bottom a stock out and you
put your boot on Ubud is diverse flora
see you would you boy yo yo my star OCR
across Nostrum
Romanian you marry me oh yes madam
Barabbas puts internment oh good da
cunha my poor best climber una multa
quintanilla I wonder if this I mean this
kid should work at the World Bank or the
United Nations you know where they need
people like him you know to translate or
even do something else because he's he's
valuable Korean Never Say on Pay term in
Mardin Imelda hun-gu current permanent
peeping tom dream analyst oil it's the
curry go Londo honey Corrigan oil pan
cocoon and baby are planned hm estoy yo
Coco boohockey or Abajo
we got a bagel Shipton po ang smashy oh
poor yeah gee
Greek yeah don't know ma'am you in a Mac
I don't think he's gonna speak Arabic
because
Arabic is a whole other new alphabet
it's it's a whole other ballgame you
know it's really complicated
just like Chinese you know Mandarin
POTUS Filipinos toramasa Noel Amica
keiki musica
Mikey
Murphy Vasa the treble Ptolemy called
the veto
Greek sounds a little bit like Italian
Chinese whoa what am i long for
jintan washer washer bad sure machine
well it's a Philippine war was torn her
foot him while you're young torsion
Philippine hundred two hundred danyoung
see I feel like now he is repeating the
exact same sentence in multiple
languages I just what I'm wondering if
he can actually like if he goes to these
countries where they speak these
languages if he can actually you know
have a decent conversation with the
population huh yep I'm going to come on
I mean maggot how's that I'm 18 again
Amin 100,000 Napolitano Miguel code a
benign yo Socky lenguaje piranha
community versus Amano Yowie Astana
lenguaje
zombie okay get out so you thanks for
watching I hope I have said the right
words and if I have made mistakes I'm
sorry
all of them right it's okay
you speak 18 languages it's okay to make
mistakes practice thank you very much
wow that was crazy guys that was very
impressive and like I said he sounds
fluence to me in other languages right
but I'm pretty sure that to the people
from those countries he does not sound
exactly like them but still speaking 18
languages is insane but I still want to
know if he just knows how to say a few
sentences
sentences in those languages or he can
actually maintain a conversation you
know but still I'm not minimizing what
he does because I wouldn't be able to do
what he just did you know like you know
speak a whole paragraph in eighteen
different languages it's crazy and the
best part is that he can speak the most
you know not important languages because
in my eyes and man in my opinion all
languages are equally equally as
important but he speaks the most spoken
languages basically in the world you
know there are the languages that
represent the biggest communities and
populations although he did forget one
that is extremely spoken you know and
it's Arabic Arabic is represented by wow
like a lot of people in the world so
yeah but still man I did not expect him
to know how to speak Chinese brah
because Chinese is so different it's
completely davis
Karimun you know oh because spanish
portuguese italian french those you know
are kind kind of similar that's why I'm
also able to understand them a little
bit you know and I have also these an
ease to learn those languages but if you
speak I guess German it'll be easier for
you to speak Dutch and maybe Swedish you
know those countries yeah Vietnamese
sounded very interesting very very
interesting impressive I thought also
that Japanese would be one of them
but it wasn't because I mean he speaks
Korean maybe and and Chinese maybe
Japanese and I don't know how old this
video is because if this video is like
two three years old maybe he's learned
how to speak Japanese and Arabic who
knows but my brother got Robbie got
Robbie angling you got
the man you're the man and I'm like
right now I know Arabic French English
little bit of Spanish and hopefully very
soon a little bit of Tagalog I mean I do
know a few words here and there of
Tagalog but I want to be able to hold a
conversation you know in in Tagalog so
there you go this was a lot of fun I
hope you guys enjoyed it as well and you
saw I counted 18 languages no lie
although there was a last Filipino
language because you guys have multiple
languages in the Philippines so if you
know how to speak all the languages in
the Philippine I think it can come up to
you know a lot in the end yeah so thank
you for joining me as usual take care of
yourselves stay safe and have a great
day I will see you in the next one
as usual peace thank you for watching
subscribe here and please like the video
to show your support and appreciation
for my work and turn on the notification
bell to beatbox for future content Yaya
