[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
tonight Trump the nihilist fighting
terror in the Philippines and the
Internet can be a terrible place
[Music]
the National Transportation Safety Board
released new information today on the
moments leading up to the Amtrak train
derailment that killed three people in
Washington State the train's final speed
clocked in at 78 miles per hour that's
48 miles per hour faster than the
designated speed for that area about six
seconds before the accident the engineer
made a comment about what officials
described as quote an over speed
condition the NTSB looked at video
footage and said it didn't see the crew
using any personal electronic devices in
the time frame it review fancy bare a
hacking group linked to the Kremlin
targeted at least 200 journalists
publishers and bloggers from mid 2014
until a few months ago according to an
Associated Press investigation about 50
were from the New York Times Packers
also went after foreign correspondents
based in Moscow and Russian reporters
working for independent media the AP
said it obtained a hacking hit list from
a cybersecurity firm and that
journalists made up the third largest
group of targets after diplomatic
personnel and US Democrats
the FCC is planning to impose a record
thirteen point four million dollar fine
on Sinclair Broadcast Group for failing
to disclose that it was paid to err
certain stories and programs an
anonymous complaint to regulators
alleged that Sinclair aired stories paid
for by the Huntsman Cancer Foundation
during newscasts without telling viewers
that the material was sponsored paid
programming was broadcast more than
1,700 times during the local news and as
30 minute segments according to the FCC
in a statement Sinclair said it would
challenge the fine and that quote any
absence of sponsorship identification
was unintended and a result of simple
human error this week a white farmer
became the first to get his land back
under zimbabwe snoop government a major
shift from the robert mugabe
era policy of seizing land held by
whites and Bob Wayans farmer Robert
smart was greeted by the black farm
workers who used to work for him and had
also been evicted from the property
Mugabe 's land reforms started in the
1980s and we're positioned as a way to
address the inequality of colonial land
ownership but many contend the measures
gave way to cronyism and ruined the
economy
the first visit of a British Foreign
Secretary to Moscow in five years
quickly turned into an extraordinary
public confrontation over Russian
meddling in foreign elections during a
press conference with secretary Boris
Johnson and Russian Foreign Minister
Sergei Lavrov we succeed Boris Johnson
Nadal knows illios to anyone yet the
kassitus to receive initial variant on
politically tiny is the other side not
successfully is the word that really
conveys particular state would if he was
received on Iran orogeny would approach
a particular system business must answer
[Music]
gets your reputation
[Music]
today was the final Washington work day
of 2017 President Trump kept it short
sign the GOP tax bill and making the
usual hyperbolic claims about it before
heading off tomorrow logo we're going to
bring back probably four trillion
dollars from overseas nobody knows the
exact number but it's mess if it'll be
over three trillion it could be five
trillion this is exactly the public face
of Trump we've come to expect perfectly
willing to say things that may or may
not be true but that sound really great
and more importantly perfectly willing
to do things that are in essence just
high stakes rolls of the dice Trump
spent basically the entire year focused
on two things doing everything he could
to erase the Obama legacy and taking his
chances on really drastic moves whose
outcomes are completely unclear thank
you
it's a kind of dangerous nihilism that's
become the dominant mode for this White
House this tax bill is a great example
it offers huge tax breaks to rich people
in corporations very little everyone
else and blows a massive hole in the
deficit I guess it's very simple they're
selling it as a driver of massive job
and wage growth a lot of economists are
doubtful the new law will lead to that
the administration and the Republicans
have pulled the trigger on this thing
despite the warnings and now we're just
gonna have to hope they got it right
look at Obamacare repeal Trump in the
GOP try to do this on the level but they
failed
so the president decided to sabotage the
healthcare system in other ways refusing
to allow government payments that helped
to keep the cost of insurance down and
going along with appealing individual
mandate as part of the tax bill and
we've essentially repealed Obamacare you
know the individual mandate is a very
big factor in this bill by simply
chipping away at Obamacare Trump has
brought a ton of in certainty into
American health care this could lead to
a bipartisan repeal effort like he's
promised it will but there's no evidence
than it will Trump to try to change
healthcare policy through a kind of
let's see what happens if I do this
approach that approach and the
uncertainty have already led to higher
insurance costs in a lot of states there
are the decisions that Trump makes on
his own without Congress getting
involved at all like this one therefore
I have determined that it is time to
officially recognize Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel while making good on a
campaign promise he also pissed off a
lot of the world including of course the
Palestinians who vowed to cut the u.s.
out of the Middle East peace process and
create a dangerous situation for those
serving overseas in diplomatic and
military roles it's not like other
presidents haven't been confronted by
the choice on whether to move the US
Embassy but what other presidents have
done is study what could happen and
sided it wasn't worth a boatload of
long-term problems for short-term
political gain Trump just pushed the
button and walked away until now caution
has been one of the basic laws of the
presidency American presidents have
incredible power and a healthy fear of
making a huge mistake has always been a
kind of natural check on that power like
gravity so far this White House has been
operating and anti-gravity but next year
is an election year and if voters decide
they've had enough of Trump feckless
style there could be a pretty harsh fall
back to earth if not for Trump then for
the party you put him in power
the United States has the highest
maternal mortality rate in the developed
world and the numbers are rising even
though the CDC estimates that nearly 60%
of those deaths are preventable but in
California the maternal mortality rate
is just a third of the national average
one big reason why is a simple but
powerful innovation that's keeping
mothers alive in the delivery room vice
news spoke to one of the doctors who
came up with the idea my first year of
fellowship I got pulled into a case any
maternal death changes the providers in
the room when you first see it or your
first around it it's just devastating
everybody questions what went on but not
like you question yourself you know what
could I have done different what should
I have known
I still think back on it I still can
picture the room unfortunately you just
don't forget that in California we do
about 500,000 deliveries a year that's
about 40 or 50 families
the mom again I know that's not popular
for patients to think about they wanted
to look at the happy side of things when
you look at causes a maternal mortality
there's sort of the big three we knew
hemorrhage was always up in the top
three and it turns out ninety percent of
cases where the mom dies with obstetric
hemorrhage you can look at that case and
say hey there's something we could have
done sooner or something that we could
have done differently
so our first task force was to develop a
toolkit a collection of things that we
could get into hospitals in into the
delivery setting that would help the
providers intervene quicker and sooner
we came up with the hemorrhage toolkit
when a mom is in a delivery setting like
this they're in the operating room the
plastic tubing that's needed to give a
transfusion or a balloon catheter that
we put into the uterus to stop bleeding
those are stuck here stuck their
medications or you know different places
so by putting them all in a tool kit you
could just roll that in to where the
event was going on and it made it sped
up the process in California fact that
we've been able to lower ours and the
national rate convenient climb says we
are doing something different here that
other states are not
this hospital does about 4,500
deliveries a year so it definitely is
less than a dollar of delivery the
bottom line it's a win-win for everybody
that hemorrhage cart should be in every
hospital in the country more than half
of all consumer goods contain the same
ingredient palm oil the palm fruits
derivatives are almost endlessly
adaptable and today the average person
goes through 17 pounds of them every
year but that soaring demand has a bleak
downside massive deforestation millions
of acres of rainforest in Indonesia and
Malaysia has been cut and burned to
clear the ground four giant palm
plantations driving forest species to
the brink of extinction just one country
has managed to take on the industry
Norway in 2011 rainforest Foundation
Norway launched a campaign under the
slogan don't eat the rainforests they
directed consumers to a guide showing
which foods contains palm oil so they
could boycott them it galvanized a
massive outcry against the food industry
the campaign itself was simple but large
level director of the rainforest
Foundation said finding out which
companies to name wasn't Hanoi is used
in thousands of foodstuffs and it can be
used in 1 percent or 30 percent or 50
percent and you cannot often see on the
label if there is palm oil in it because
it's often disguised as vegetable fat or
vegetable oil but Norway has a freedom
of environmental information
it means companies are required to
disclose the impacts and ingredients of
their products if anybody asks I mean
nobody has really heard about Palermo
it's it's not I think that people talked
about or knew about before they campaign
so what really happened was that this
created enormous interest among children
and in less than a year
or consumption in Norway per capita
dropped by two-thirds the whole country
got involved on public television
children learned to survey ingredients
for palm oil derivatives famous bloggers
started mass candy boycotts - animation
to glue down on some I'll do how the
least of my participation Maria or
Google 3 our math list is coming down
and the country's biggest supermarket
chain released commercials for its palm
oil free foods starring marching red eye
balm village but the influence of the
campaign now stretches far beyond the
grocery store this summer Norway's
Parliament passed legislation to stop
public entities from using palm oil in
biofuels the problem is that Norway's
success didn't put a dent in the global
market in the three years after the
Norwegian campaign started production
increased around 14% worldwide according
to Emily early at the us-based
Rainforest Action Network that's because
consumer boycotts have limitations when
we talk about boycott campaigns which is
what Norway has run is that sadly the
palm oil market is not diminished by
that if anything they are continuing to
expand and few areas ultimately it's not
the responsibility of each individual
consumer it should really be the
corporations that are purchasing this
palm oil
[Music]
it took five months for the Philippine
Army to drive isis-linked separatist
group out of the city of meroe in that
time the battle displaced 360,000 people
and left more than a thousand people
dead it also exposed just how vulnerable
the Philippines has become to extremism
now the military is intensifying its
fight against terrorists and it's called
for reinforcements president rodrigo
duterte is partnering with Malaysia and
Indonesia to launch air and sea patrols
throughout the region the new front in
the fight against Isis linked terrorists
is patrolling the same waterways that
foreign fighters have exploited in the
past terrorists from different countries
like Malaysia Indonesia were reported to
have passed in these waters this is a
vast ceilings that
it's very difficult to a problem we
first met major Rowan Remus in Malawi
during the height of the battle
he now oversees this multinational
strategy at sea
[Music]
what happened in Malawi is an eye-opener
for us so we are learning from it and
improving our capabilities to prevent
similar incidents and prevent terrorists
to come in our region government has
been criticized for plowing Ferrari to
happen so you see this as the government
taking steps to be proactive in
combating terrorism before it takes a
halt
yes what is happening right now is we
are increasing our capabilities in
combatting terrorism that is the
marching order of our commander in chief
to prevent incidents like what had
happened in morale even though the
Philippines is putting a lot of
resources into keeping terrorists out of
its waters the real fight is taking
place on land this remote island is the
stronghold of Abu Sayyaf the brutal
extremist group with ties to Isis
leading the fight here is General Sir
Alito super Hana the commander of Joint
Task Force
Suba hana has fought abu sayyaf for
three decades and has the battle scars
to prove it I have a shattered rapport
arm they put a metal aim plate that long
with five screws so it was shattered no
bones hold my hand anymore
I have bullet wounds of my arm my head
and my stomach and my buttocks I have
five - that one's all in others do you
think that that's something inherent
about this area that means that this
kind of terrorism is going to exist for
a long time what is poverty when the Abu
Sayyaf started their kidnapping activity
they get ransom this year the ransom
money to the community nearby so in
exchange of money the community provided
support to them since he took command
last year super Hana has scaled up
Special Forces patrols and pounded
militant strongholds with more than
2,000 rounds of artillery
[Music]
well I won but the enemy is so
entrenched in the community that the
military has now turned to local
civilian militias who are more familiar
with the land why do you feel like you
need civilians to train here actually
these people are not the de touraine
nor the place they know the enemy they
report the presence of the terrorists
yeah
they're used to fighting these menace in
the province after 45 days of combat
training and target practice these
militiamen get paid by the government to
fight alongside the military on their
home turf
these people are permanent residents
here you soldiers to leave them they can
fight the you terrorists here is it a
concerned I mean Abu Sayyaf does have a
strong presence on this island and the
weapons you're providing them this
knowledge and training you're providing
what you could easily end up in the
hands of I was there we don't worry
about it because we don't employ to
fight themselves alone we employ them
with our regular forces every so we
ensure that they move they fight
alongside the regular forces so we don't
lose entirely these firearms 500 have
graduated so far and an additional 200
will be trained in the coming months but
for all the stepped up military presence
the troops haven't been able to cut off
Abu Sayyaf from its main revenue source
kidnapping for ransom this is where a
lot of terrorist activities take place
and we're trying to find a family down
here because we've heard that several
members of this family have been
kidnapped in the last few days
frederik Trinidad showed us how 11 armed
men surrounded his home and kidnapped
his parents and four other family
members just three days before the own
Honolulu they're young but they'd go
check out that iconic OD Tokioka okay
got you una muchacha p.m. you do - Tito
con la quiaca
puzzle puzzle puzzle did the six of them
who were taken trying to escape to the
shrine run amok attack Oscar she didn't
talk honestly and model to try and raise
the $3,000 demanded in ransom the family
sold this house but if they still can't
find the remaining cash the kidnappers
are threatening to execute the hostages
how does it feel now that your parents
are gone being here alone which I could
choking you Michael
the more Alice f is able to keep
terrorizing local communities and make
money off kidnapping the more it will
continue to pose a threat to the entire
region we sat down with a member of Abu
Sayyaf who allegedly smuggled explosives
and ammunition for the grief in the
run-up to Malawi
he's now locked away in this overcrowded
prison with more than a hundred other
suspected terrorists prison officers
were present throughout this interview
the prisoner says he's speaking to us of
his own free will is what happened in
Malawi helping I was there or is it
harming them imported a poor process I
think they succeed the government is
saying that this is a victory for them
mujahedeen has no losses even though
they were lost in battle even though
they will die they will still win why
because they have rewarded by God so let
me just get this straight you believe
that other safe members were doing
honest work
yes because all the deeds
written in the Holy Quran there are
hundreds of innocent Christians innocent
civilians duties nothing to these men
and they killed them in that case if the
war begins you cannot avoid that is this
the end of extremism in the Philippines
orestes beginning it is just some
beginning said Marat he was a success
yes
[Music]
without realizing it many people and
stings spent the year vying for the
title of 2017 s biggest villain of the
internet a title which I am about to
bestow let's take a look at the rogues
gallery when talking about villains of
the internet it's hard not to look past
Donald Trump's Twitter feed whether it
was insulting a foreign leader a typo
written complaint or a typo hidden typo
Trump's Twitter posts also served as a
harrowing substitute for a morning alarm
for millions Twitter itself is of course
a contender while saying it was fixing
its harrassment problem the premiere
outlet for the heat of the Internet
doubled the character limit for double
the harassment and made it easier for
anyone to compose an endless tweet storm
Facebook's supreme ruler Mark Zuckerberg
spent a large part of the year on his
why would I run for president when I
already own all of you tour where he met
everyday regular Americans some living
lives blissfully untouched by Facebook
and he is a sentence that could only
exist in 2017 he was forced to apologize
for this virtual reality high-five given
against a backdrop of disaster stricken
Puerto Rico they could have sized up his
PR via faux parent PR if they just said
snapchats hot dog to report from the
scene credit reporting agency Equifax
was hacked via a Security floor they
hadn't bothered to patch compromising
the private information of a hundred and
forty five million people see what's
funny about the whole thing is it
Equifax executives knew about the hack
for weeks before telling everyone about
it and then after they told everyone
about it someone went ahead and made a
fake version of their customer support
page which f of X themselves linked to
all of it makes Equifax less a villain
and more an incompetent gatekeeper of
the sensitive personal information of
millions of people McDonald's makes the
cut for a cynical social media cash grab
that weaponized the intense fandom of a
subreddit when police had to be called
to McDonald's locations across the u.s.
where crowds had become unruly due to a
shortage of Szechuan dipping sauce there
was once created as a kind of racist
tie-in to Disney film Milan but since
become popular thanks to a running joke
and cartoon series Rick and Morty they
created a new sauce for the McNuggets
called Szechuan sauce and it's delicious
for Szechuan shortage led to calls to
boycott McDonald's and an online demand
for sauce sachets that sold for hundreds
of dollars to be fair you have to have a
very high IQ to understand Rick and
Morty
it was a banner year for white
supremacists online as they crawled out
of anonymous trash sites like 4chan into
mainstream trash sites like Twitter but
they did give us this timeless video
it's very the Internet to debate whether
it was okay to punch in Nazi which let's
be honest is probably one of the more
substantive philosophical conversations
of the year the dozens of sexual
harassment and assault allegations
against Harvey Weinstein spurred
America's fathers of daughters husbands
of wives and even sons of mothers to
suddenly speak out against the
harassment that they'd always assumed
was legal in Hollywood but Weinstein's
example demonstrated that swift action
against someone who's the subject of
multiple allegations is possible and
those claims spurred the me2 movement
one of the few positives that came out
of the internet this year a strong
candidate the most reviled figure on the
Internet has to be FCC Commissioner Ajit
PI who made good on his promise to kill
net neutrality in December but with this
video released the day before the FCC
vote pi was able to convince us there
are things on the Internet we don't
necessarily want to be able to freely
access in the future is the biggest
villain on the internet in fact the
Internet itself when you think about it
the Internet was the ultimate enabler
allowing everything I've just been
talking about to exist no the villain of
this year is Bitcoin it's astronomical
increase in value convinced people to
purchase it without knowing what it
really was or that it's not a real coin
even convincing someone was worth
mortgaging their house for a thing they
previously only did to buy another house
defaults and crashed the global economy
the Internet can be a terrible place but
it doesn't induce you to throw your
money away
compared with Bitcoin sending insulting
tweets to world leaders for free from
the comfort of the home used alone just
seems like harmless fun
[Music]
that's vice news tonight for Friday
December 22nd and for 2017 will be back
on January 2nd 2018 happy new year
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
you
