ah
yo yo yo money
Channel today's video is a little bit
different okay I don't know if you guys
are familiar with the channel called the
Filipina P all right I am not that
familiar with it like I wouldn't say
that I am familiar with it but YouTube
does suggest the content of this YouTube
channel to me and obviously you guys
have requested that I react to this
video apparently it is a Hot Topic or
used to be a Hot Topic so the title
reads the men that choose to leave the
passport
Bros
so the people that suggested this video
to me uh quickly explained to me what it
was about apparently it's about
foreigners Americans and such men that
leave their home country to go to Asia
and in this case I guess the Philippines
to find women
to date and to marry and apparently the
women in their country so American women
are not happy about that so I guess the
Filipina p goes in depth about this
subject so I thought huh interesting why
not learn about this and react to it now
before we start make sure to follow me
on Instagram because that is where you
can DM your suggestions and without
further Ado let's jump right into it
thank you
hi folks the filthy to be here and
today's question is what do women think
of men who leave their home countries to
seek love in foreign lands well
apparently there's quite a lot of words
going on between a certain segment of
Western women and men who pursue
International relationships it seems
there's a lot of animosity against these
guys with name-calling and outrageous
accusations okay the conflict centers
around a movement called the passport
Bros to seek love are all men seeking
love I don't know about that who are
typically black guys who have gotten fed
up with the situation in the west and
decided to look elsewhere for a happy
life oh now even though the passport
Pros are mostly African-Americans I
think you'll recognize the same tactics
being used to shame any guy who dares to
dream of finding a better mate
so what are these women saying about the
man
passport grows go to third world so this
is directed more towards African
Americans okay countries and purchase
little girls put her into a breeding
mayor they're little girls you're sick
hey who you
does she have any proof that these guys
are actually
purchasing like is this like a legit
exchange of goods like hey girl I like
you can I buy you
[Laughter]
whoa okay
almost all this anger against the
passport Bros coming from it sounds like
the guys just want to find greener
pastures and their women don't seem to
like him very much anyway so greener
pastures oh my God who talks like that
anymore I haven't heard this expression
in such a long time look at you the
Filipina P using like fancy English uh
terms and [ __ ] wow
problem well let's listen to how one
woman describes the passport bro
phenomenon phenomenal black women are
you ready
apparently there's a group of you
guessed it black men who have grown
weary of support control love the image
have over them so they've decided to
seek dominance elsewhere and that's in
the dominance traveling to third world
countries to see the bride are you sure
it's dominant to play here is that these
Dusty mediocre at best so-called men
have finally come to the realization
that black women are no longer willing
to settle for the bare minimum and are
choosing to stay single and maintain
their peace
if divesting to desperate and
disenfranchised women is so great why do
you all have to make an announcement a
grand announcement
oh I know why because you actually think
that this will hurt black women oh boy
it sounds like there is beef between
African-American men and
African-American women yes
arrivederci adios
okay so the undesirable Dusty mediocre
at best so-called men want to get away
from you
why do you want to do that you sound
really sweet and not bitter at all as
for why the password announce their
intentions maybe they're not trying to
hurt women they're just letting other
men know that leaving is an option but
if you want to make it all about you be
my guest so how does this next lady
describe the movement let's see I am not
mad about black men getting their
passports and paying to play overseas I
just truly want to help these men to see
logic and reason a man that's looking to
marry a foreign woman went to an event
wearing a top hat brother are you
serious you look ridiculous and you're
clearly undesirable but I'm sure that
you've blamed black women for your lack
of what it takes to attract them but you
want to go overseas where women are
unaware culturally of your nature and
paid them to pretend while you give them
nothing but money and a wet behind they
aren't marrying these women the men in
this movement are largely undesirables
or men that want to use a woman freely
without her giving any pushback
no I'm not mad that certain men have
decided to go out so these women are
basically saying that the other women
that are not African-American
have no self-respect basically they
would let any man just do whatever that
guy wants with them right that is insane
the country looking for their next
victim I'm completely okay with that
some mixed signals here
you say you're fine if the men want to
leave but then you call them ridiculous
clearly and this is terrible and claim
they're just using women you say you're
just trying to help but that sounds more
like an attack so maybe you do care just
a little
and you say men don't come here for real
relationships but that's just not true
my cousin married a passport bro and
they've been happy for years there you
go why are these women misrepresenting
because you don't believe well after
watching a few more positive example I
started to notice some common tactics
tell us the passport Bros are
dehumanizing women to the point of
basically being used for their uterus
and domestic capacity the passport wow
these are such strong words
dehumanizing using their uterus the
right thing to do is to Simply uh
interview the women that these passport
Bros are going for and see if they are
uh unhappy with them you know what I'm
saying
I'm gonna put them to work in the
bedroom and the home
ah yes the claim that the guys are
coming over here so they can turn women
into slaves and force us to work in the
bedroom will be impregnate us
diabolical oh goodness you seem to think
we're mindless idiots of our own yeah
you might be traditional women
empty-headed exactly you know this but
in the Philippines women actually have
quite a bit of say so in the household
just talk to some of the foreigners that
are married to us but I suppose you know
my culture better it's true Filipinos in
the Philippines it's a it's a
matriarchal
um country right if I'm not mistaken so
that I do right and as far as strong
leading women you have got that
completely backwards 99 of the time it's
the Filipina begging The Foreigner to
have a baby there you go you're getting
this stuff from next
but you have to understand a lot of US
46 before seven soon each day that goes
and I think it is a reality that a lot
of Filipinos love to be with a foreigner
because and want to have a kid with the
Foreigner because they think that that
mix is beautiful and I agree I tend to
agree man uh when a Filipino mixes with
a foreigner their babies are just
gorgeous and there are so many examples
of that
she says women overseas are okay being
doormats okay bye makes me more grateful
that I'm divorced I thank God every day
that I'm divorced if you want to get
your passport and go overseas you're
welcome to it bye I mean maybe there
you'll find women who are okay with
being treated like doormats I don't know
yes ma'am I'm sure you're very happy
with your choices right and the way
you've carefully crafted your life to
end up alone
guys treat us like doormats lady you
have no clue foreigners have the general
reputation of being more caring and
attentive than anything we've ever known
who told you otherwise or maybe you're
just making assumptions again what else
you got
ask what Bros are nothing but a bunch of
pedophile oh he's traveling across the
world to get young girls oh and
affiliate tourism
nothing but pedophiles nothing but which
means that all the guys who are Partners
outside the country are pedophiles
that's one of the stupidest things I've
ever heard by you making this is
nonsense I have the burden of backing it
up so please give us the evidence show
your data I've been living here 30 years
and the women that foreigners choose are
adults like me and in case you didn't
know buying little girls is completely
illegal exactly the vast majority of
passport Bros are coming here for a real
relationship with a woman not the molest
a child what's wrong with you and why
would you accuse your own man like that
it's 2022. you're talking about a
freaking passport I've had one of these
since I was two y'all were acting like
they just they just came up with these
in 2020.
do y'all understand how people feel
about Americans that just goes to show
you ain't been nowhere so y'all think
y'all gonna run your broke asses over to
other countries and they go oh these
some black canes from America most
people don't like Americans they think
that we are overrated they think that we
are think that we're better than
everybody else they don't like us they
don't like us they sure not gonna like
you if they know she has a good point uh
I've heard a lot of people who are not
Americans talk about Americans and not
in a fond way I mean I know that the
Filipina P wrote here that Filipinos
love Americans
maybe maybe I don't know I don't know
remains to be seen and heard that you
get your passport so you can come over
there and abuse their women that is a
black man if you want to roll up in some
of these other countries and try to
abuse their sisters and their daughters
and their nieces and their mothers and
taking them out toe tagging 4.5 of them
a day you know what's gonna happen you
gonna get hacked up with a machete oh my
God exactly lady
using women you will get hacked up by a
machete I assure you if you come over
here and abuse me my dust got a nice big
Blade with your name on it and how many
passport Bros have gotten hacked up
right zero so I guess that proves
they're not here to abuse us funny how
that little thing called logic Works
isn't it my question is well I don't
know if it's zero you know
um I mean the hacking with the machete
is a figure of speech but I'm pretty
sure that there must be some cases of uh
foreigners who go find love uh elsewhere
and their relationship doesn't work out
right
I do not feel slimy and disgusting as a
person knowing full well that you are
going to another country seeking out
women that you perceive as easier to
manipulate easier to control and easier
to take advantage of and even if you do
find some poor woman that needs a green
card wants to move to the U.S or you
know needs money that's still not love
so on that note safe travels and I hope
that you and all the other passport Bros
get exactly what you looking for of
course the famous she just wants a green
card argument I get so tired of this one
because contrary to what you all seem to
think most Filipinos are happy to stay
right here in the Philippines
like I've been told by actual Filipinos
that it's a thing it's a thing where
Filipinos and Filipinos try to find
green cards and it's not just a Filipino
thing I am sorry this happens with a lot
of countries out there you know like uh
third world countries people who don't
have a great situation you know where
they are try to leave the country so the
easiest way is to get a freaking uh you
know citizenship elsewhere right via
immigration or marriage or whatever so
he wants to live here that's fine with
us we're really not all that demanding
we just want a roof over our heads and a
meal on the table so what other insults
he got
you want to know what your problem is
your entire life you were told this
skinny is good and fat is the worst
possible thing that you could be you're
not able to wrap your head around fat
people being comfortable in the skin
that they're in because you're
uncomfortable in the skin that you're
eating fat women wearing outfits that
you won't even wear because you're
ashamed of your stretch marks they
wouldn't even give you a second look the
truth is fat was never a bad thing and I
honestly don't think that it has
anything to do with the the shape of the
the woman I honestly don't think that
these guys are going to Asia or whatever
to find a woman because they're not
they're unhappy with how the women look
no it's I think they're unhappy with how
these women are treating them you know
that's it just treating them I don't
think they're treating them with respect
what once we figure that out you'll
never be able to put us back in that box
again you can have it I'm sure it'll be
a much better fit for you ah killing two
birds with one stone shame the man for
not wanting large women and shame skinny
women for being skinny brilliant but I'm
not sure you're gonna convince men
they've just been taught not to like fat
women and you're definitely not going to
convince me that I'm secretly jealous of
you because I can't wear your clothes a
nice try this is fun what's next someone
who comes from one of these third world
countries the main goal to pick up women
we know they're losers we know that they
go over there because they cannot get
anyone in here and if this man go over
there thinking that these women want to
build a family with them that this
passport Bros want these women for sex
these women want them for money and
again they deserve to be scammed we know
they're losers we know that they cannot
get any women in here that's why they go
over there and the same thing with the
women but let's
boring calling guys losers and saying
they can get a woman in the west is a
titled insult that just doesn't work
because why you don't seem to realize is
that it's not that they can get a
western woman is that they don't want
one
sir on behalf of all black women
everywhere we absolutely do not give one
solitary about you going to another
country and finding a wife please go
choose somebody else and it never ends
the way that y'all think it does and I
really feel sorry for those women and so
if they willing to Pump It Up
because we know that little thing don't
work no more if they're willing to Pump
It Up for y'all wow wow that thing don't
work no more how are you assuming these
things
easy way out
the low hanging fruit she's basically
just insulting a wet noodle a rubble
Forest
Force I'm sure they'll actually hurt his
feelings so bad he won't want to leave
anymore just like I'm sure he'll totally
believe that he don't care if he does I
mean it also matter anything
so that's the end of the insults but in
case you lost track here's a recap
men that look at other countries for
love are undesirable losers they're
pedophiles his only interest is
purchasing children so they can abuse
dehumanize and enslave them and turn
them into breeding mirrors that's that's
crazy men give their poor and desperate
women nothing but a wet kind and all
they care about is controlling and
molesting their victims with defective
junk that has to be inflated with a tire
problem
or upset at all no of course not they're
happy to see you go
so at this point does anyone still
wonder why these guys want to escape
right well at least one woman gets it
if you actually look at a passport row
which I know many of them they are not
going over there to Grape and Conquer
they are going over there because they
are giving up over here the reality is
is that there are too many women that
are saying that they don't need men men
want to be needed they want to feel
valued like they are protectors they say
that they're tired trying to find a
woman in the United States let alone a
metropolitan area like LA or New York
where women say I don't need a man go
away who do you think I am my purpose is
to defend the past because they're not
graping and pillaging and like doing
anything crazy they just want a
traditional woman and that's basically
it yeah the passport browser coming here
for the exact same reason that so many
other guys do they just want to find a
partner that loves them and they've
discovered a way to make it happen
so let's call an end to this war the
women say they don't care if the men
leave because they're The Unwanted ones
anyway so stop attacking men on their
way out the door just let them go in
peace to find happiness wherever they
can
well that's it for this episode folks
thanks for watching okay so I'm sure
look let's not be naive here I'm sure
there are cases of men westerners that
go to Asia or other countries to do
exactly what all these women said you
know and I'm sure that's a minority like
this and I'm sure there are just
westerners westerners meant that go and
so that they could actually find a woman
with more Traditional Values who values
them you know and does not belittle them
and with whom they feel comfortable you
know what I'm saying because
unfortunately yeah these women that were
talking here
they do say things like I don't need a
man and they may expect too much from a
man and when that man gives them what
what they well the basic needs I guess
they are still unhappy with it you know
and I guess these guys are just fed up
with that that's it they're like I'm
done plus plus if all of this was real I
think we would have heard from these
women that are being my mistreated we
would have heard from them right if
there were if there were that many cases
I think so I don't know but this was
very interesting and I think there is a
second video about this topic uh that
the Filipina P talked about so if this
video interests you and does well maybe
I'll react to the other one so let me
know in the comment section below your
thoughts on this matter
and of course if you found value in this
video then do not hesitate to check out
my other reaction videos right here
[Music]
