I realize
[Music]
so I don't know if you guys can hear us
but the music is good allowed we are
[Music]
yeah I don't know if you can oh yeah
guys it has a quality every time we do
alive I always get ever since the
Philippines
I'm self-conscious of quality of our
lives now can you hear us
[Music]
I know the music's like jam in the
background get something quiet dance I
golden thanks for joining us hi Paul
hi Carmen pharmacist
okay then so now Pixley so we are we've
just been kind of getting things done
today and while we were doing that we
drop it gets up at Lola's for a little
bit and yes we're about to pick them up
when we thought we just slide in for a
second - yeah talk to a Tuesday's - tell
him tell what we have we got - I think
we got two chicken and to see think
actually they just said chicken and pork
and we were like what I don't know where
you are you guys watching from
Philippines if it's if it's the
Philippines then it is time here it's
like six o'clock here that means 10
o'clock in the Philippines radio TV
what's up David's here I didn't go to
remember that karma I am how do you guys
feel about tacos at 9:00 a.m.
[Music]
Thank You say they owe that bashers
you're gonna want to see we've seen it
we follow them on Instagram and they
posts every time they post on Tuesday
they're like Taco Tuesday really calm
man do we need to yeah so I have all the
way over there are domestic good
question our turn at the blogs be
released 17 Seattle climber built design
it will be Seattle time so that might be
the 18th in the Philippines I probably
should have said that but yeah good
question
[Music]
Kilis you to do marker every time we
come here we make a little mark on the
wall so nobody's messed with it this is
just good you guys see you guys see the
famous big boys wall we're good we're
good
so this art is really
there is how many times four times a big
boy is more time light like this video
for four times at big boys like it we
want to be like it okay anyone check I
get one I want to kind of see have you
guys check out this wall it's like
awesome I don't know of any other
restaurant that lets you draw on their
wall like this lights coming in thanks
for the likes
oh where was that one something said
Kayla where's that one that said your
name Kayla
[Music]
Chucky's find it
[Music]
yeah I don't know where it is how do I
check all the videos who reacted you
should be on our channel is pretty
up-to-date we're reacting to more
tonight so those will have more
it's on every table what I don't know
what to call it
tell them starts with a beat we're like
we got other people's food hi Marianne
just stupid please what's the weather
like are you guys over here it's like
[Music]
this
[Music]
[Laughter]
so I'm leaning it up against like a
ukulele
[Music]
napkins
[Music]
[Music]
already I don't read your picture said
was that oh yeah Radio said one of these
two dollars David he wants to be with
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that's another thing about big boys they
like their portion sizes are really yeah
bunch of one bite and everything does
tell which is normally on which to
launch our green onions like what I'm
talking about is there's so much like
filling like you're like falls out of
the top oh so half of it I just end up
by eating like this
[Music]
well the vlogs are coming out the logs
are coming out on a 17 Seattle time yeah
that's yeah it's important for 17th
which is this Saturday for us so it
would be I don't know what time but just
I wouldn't say expect it on 18
Philippines yeah happy birthday Riza Jay
let me guess to give a birthday
shout-out to a birthday avid fan thank
you thank you for supporting us we do
kind of want to eat so I think we're
gonna oh yeah I might try chicken just
like really saucy
yeah that is really good flavor another
Z say for sure yeah it's I think it's
like adobo Noel said you you even gain
weight we ate so much in the news
surprising because unlike the
Philippines we ate so much and I don't
think I gained weight at all I think
it's cuz it's so hot and like you like
sweat it off I don't know but something
that we noticed in the Philippines that
look like no one is overweight yeah the
restaurant look things are much better
we just we've been here enough times
that we kind of know what to expect and
usually with restaurants we don't know
if they want us you know like I don't
know and like right now there's nobody I
think they're getting ready to close
actually but there's there's like nobody
here I know I don't know why
whether in Washington North Carolina's
rainy somebody commented it is pouring
actually it was yesterday those five to
six times a day
yeah we actually we ate where the
Philippines we ate really big deals but
we only ate like twice a day so I feel
like maybe that that's not I don't know
I didn't I feel like I knew to show you
guys this bite so it's like chicken
cilantro onions and it's just like pure
delicious I'm their ID at five plates
somebody said if I was I ate five plates
yeah right the tacos are bigger doing my
laundry right now don't tease me
yeah somebody else just ask about the
vlog vlog is going up Saturday the 17th
Seattle time so we're switching ones
that's you I will eating breakfast we're
eating together yeah you're switching on
see Sagan one chicken right like I can
have a seasick taco I guess no you only
have that one no okay
I do think they make these tortillas
though just the way that they're like
perfect like it's it's like you know
it's like the little things I deal with
like food and yeah just everything about
it it's like yeah all right yeah this is
my favorite here seasick we had plenty
of that Philippines but it just there's
the texture of the season I feel like
they're just like separated in the
Philippines I think we said this on our
life last week or something that I miss
the hotplate use the phone all right
we're gonna go we have a place near
house called seafood City and somebody
told us that they have fun most there
and I think to make the bonus but you
got to marinate it in like vinegar but
yeah we gotta do you guys leave in the
comments below
right now or afterwards you guys want us
to do more food stuff let us know let us
know while I take this perfect bite
seasick tacos that should get a
thumbnail right there that's a money
shot besides a little cilantro still
okay
[Music]
I don't know when we're going back to
the Philippines tomorrow
[Music]
you're wearing your just kick us out
I heard the original seaside bow is to
make sure of skin and meat okay I
couldn't finish that what happened
somebody marinate alone it's all we have
there's sauces here but we can't really
use sauce on tacos
can we please eat
all right guys we got pitous purchase
with seasick no I'm not I feel like the
taco is good I feel like feel I feel
like we're good I don't feel like you
need sauce oh you decided if you have
the extra for sure yeah we had our eyes
on those ever since we sat on your
instagrams oh okay you only do ten
increments of ten dollars
[Music]
yeah okay you talked you talked us into
it
[Music]
really all the sauces yeah yeah so we
are I followed them on we follow them on
Instagram and they always pick take a
picture or post pictures of these like
boob a doughnut I think they're like
little drop doughnuts or something they
would like but they have a ice cream in
them or something
and so it Gabe's gonna order some but
they they only sell them in a 10 the
least you can buy his tents we were like
I don't know but okay thank you we were
on the fence but he asked us again and
you're like all right all right
it was meant to be and the blocks the
jellyfish
[Music]
Jonah thank you good sir Knight what do
Oh Noel said what do we miss the most
about Philippines I miss the weather
that's number one we came back to winter
here and it was so nice I don't know I
don't know it is I'll be writing a news
story from the story I know we put the
story wrong for it are we villains she's
writing about us I feel like I don't
know I don't even know if I should say
this I don't know this is like accurate
but when we were in the Philippines like
from the moment we got there I feel like
it was we there was a lot of positivity
and we just got good vibes from from
everybody there right as soon as we got
back into the airport and vanilla or I
mean not vanilla sorry in America we got
back to the airport and there was just
like yeah we got back in America and
like just like the security at the
airport they're just like you're really
very nice I don't know you know what I
mean they're just like hey getting that
line like go to this and it was like
whoa that's when the day is different
[Music]
we have done a couple in the past yeah
[Music]
but I think it's cool TV there's like a
toy keep the earth tricycle and yeah
anyways I think it's broken
that's why I'm here but wait this is
like one of the toys that we got for
Oliver Skye reach Sky Ranch
maybe somebody Jonah asked if we can let
her know two months before we go to the
Philippines
yeah
what did you say there's more people
joining kill like I just want to show
you guys I finished all my food right
there has one if you open it up just see
that oh my gosh that's the money shot
right there
tricycle yeah we we never rode in a GP
you know so I mean we have to go back
because right
what's up King what's up no Carmen said
yeah I know I'm just watching every
class yeah is that the chicken er this
easy Gabe has a monster after how it
kills yeah a good thing about eating
here not the car as killer doesn't have
to clean it up
oh there's the spill there's a spell
she's charlie
[Music]
it's so good I feel like I could come
back and eat like your once a week
photography's or even like one day they
have like oh yeah like hella good yeah
loco moco but it's adobo monk oh so it's
like like fried pieces of teamcast if
our kids are feeling better we've we no
not really
Oh Lilly we took her to the doctor
yesterday and ended up having a double
ear infection because she wasn't getting
better and me and Oliver are getting
better anyways but she's on antibiotics
now so hopefully she'll get better here
in the next 24 hours
[Music]
yeah what surprises me is that game
always finds a reason to get cute
because she eats so slowly driving so
I'm like trying to it's the best like
time to eat your food is when it's high
I mean coke food is so good no what do
you ever know buddy I've never heard
anybody say that that's the words like
when I get coffee no guys I like
lukewarm food you go to another
restaurant when you go to a restaurant
you could you like can i order the
burger no no one ever said that when I
buy coffee I do but when I buy coffee
I always ask for it a kid's temperature
just like don't like I don't like that's
true
I'm going to be complicated thumbs up if
you like to perform actors in the
Philippines Lily Oliver gotta teach him
Tagalog first
Lily is definitely all about the
limelight she likes she likes being the
center of attention all of her I don't
know either
Aaron asked where are we we are big boys
here in Seattle area
res yes what are you doing oh you you
better watch the beginning of this
because we showed okay I'm just gonna do
this one more time for Ricki okay just
for just for ready
you're like showing your okay so that's
what we're eating so we ordered one more
time he ordered seasick tacos and
chicken tacos and right here Kayla's
eating the chicken but like I hate all
my bully yeah show the side profile oh
yeah there you go
that's a goodbye goodbye
[Music]
from top brands like New Age yeah so
that's or eating Reggie yes I did so
something I should mention well we have
some people watching we're gonna do some
reactions we've been really busy at
we've been really sick but hug knuckles
you guys no hug no schools they they've
been doing like them a podcast type
thing
and yeah I think this is like their
third week and they're actually we're
actually gonna be featured on their
third week podcast so make sure it's
check this out I think they air it
I think they air it like Thursday but
yeah oh look you got a awesome just in a
super chat awesome awesome thing you
would hear huh what it also say do you
like awesome said you like fresh off the
fryer okay
you want me to squeeze it
I feel like we need to take a snapchat
of this maybe we'll do that like to
thank you awesome yeah awesome thank you
for donating
what was your Ausmus question was do we
like a lot and I like I like this about
soup this is going on Instagram later
guys follow Jolly someone someone
mentioned Jollibee oh I think we should
I think that should be the focus right
now hold on I'm gonna get you all right
I feel like this isn't my angle and
you'll just keep it over here
here however your angle I know you say
you said it would be a taste like butter
yeah give it a little squeeze squeeze
it's like it's like an egg cream yeah
just take how is it how is it where are
these called new bait doughnuts
it looks it tastes like a new we do not
[Music]
bring a battery so we're gonna wrap this
up but he donated another super Chan
awesome you're awesome sounds weird but
I know is that why your name is awesome
because you're awesome
my mom uses it so even those yeah we
noticed that a lot of the hotels had
days yeah awesome thank you we
appreciate that so much like I feel like
how crisp just like like fresh from it
just like melts in your mouth
that's like the best doughnut
[Music]
okay dollies so you don't I know you
it's like nice and warm oh my gosh I
know you could tell it straight from
there powdered sugar on top
what do they wouldn't it polio so take
it at me baby let me see what they go
for breath nervous all right now or at
the big boys here in Seattle area but
you guys are making me hungry again
sorry guys they got a have to be filled
doughnuts in the Philippines somewhere
like look at that that's the best
imitation all week
it's like
[Music]
how many was your ten swell you said I
ran out of cold Ronin that's right
actually I think I think I have two more
left
yeah you just told me that on the way
here he's like I see all the foreground
I think you can buy more here though no
yeah you got to go to Goldilocks
speaking of that some time near when we
release the locks we did a special thing
with Jollibee and have a very niche
pizza people look out for that is this
is ooh Betty Lee flavor you got you got
another love to get those that's like
the line you breathe out Dre said you
ate all the full-grown oh your fulcrum
was gone a long time
yeah Jay your father on was gone
probably day we came back I was before
we got them I was gonna say who made
cheesecake oh yeah
before we had them I was gonna say it
reminds me of a cream puff but now that
I've tried it it doesn't it's he's like
a really fresh blades doughnut with I
don't know I don't know I wish you guys
been try this all right probably get a
to-go box miss Kayla we are running out
of battery here guys so thank you for
joining us thank you awesome for the
super chat we did that the way that
really needs a lot to us and yeah we'll
see you guys give you tonight on a
reaction tomorrow actually saw a beating
it they're like I try to eat it well I
didn't I don't know if they would like
it because of the texture and then they
ate it and they were like yeah all right
so thank you guys again you will see you
Philip
could you drive I'll see you guys later
but Christine Christine said I didn't
get tan I lost pan no I did get tan it's
just not very tan okay thanks
