[Music]
[Music]
what's going on everybody it's a boy
Chris the YouTube critic and coming back
at you with another video today's video
man it's gonna be Michael can get Eon
Panguna
I mean that's probably as close as we'll
get it you know yeah you know this
videos the request of the whole life and
we're gonna get to it big time we love
boys to me and that's part of our
growing up my favorite song by boys to
men's dreams you know that Sandeep I
pray that you'll be there oh gosh yes I
do baby it's alright
oh my gosh I'll be waiting for you but
this song is and this is a classic
because you know we're like in sixth
grade 1994 something it was sixth grade
and we're singing it I know that's so
sad but boys the moon was so hot oh
everybody's singing it so we're gonna
hear Michael singer today but before we
hear that make sure to hit the like
button subscribe and notification button
so if you have not subscribed please hit
that subscribe button you know you love
us you like us and you want more of us
so go ahead and do that if you're
already a subscriber make sure you like
that like button I'll even say hell but
that came out real swell dinner then
make sure she's like subscribe hit the
Nullification button and we're doing a
new thing where we're getting all of
your requests on Twitter okay because
we've gotten so many
request a we've got lost in there heaps
of requests and we want to make sure to
get to those requests so hit the link in
the box below and there's a link to our
Twitter handle go ahead and put all of
your requests there because that's where
we're gonna be looking and that's how
we're gonna be determining which videos
we'll be playing for you yep
so with that being said the link to the
video description below Lego
[Music]
[Music]
wish 175 close your eyes make a wish and
blow out the candle for tonight is your
night wake all celebrate all through the
night
[Music]
curly your wish his party coming into
your teammate I will do anything
like you know meet you tied baby all
through the night I'll make love to you
when you tell me to let's go slow I got
nowhere to go I'm just gonna concentrate
on you
you read it
wonderful
my clothes often made to be
you
ooh
[Music]
til you tell me to
and away
just like a wave Rodion
Oh
Oh
so you
you drive maybe all through the night
I'll make love when you want me
[Music]
7:5 be updated on the latest videos from
wish 107 five just hit from the source
okay Michael Thank You amen
I like them very much yes I like - he
didn't just do live sound by saying I
have Boyz II Men sounded through the
whole track you know but he kept he kept
it like the original but just a little
bit is a little extra spice on it it's
pretty like their little sauce - you
know a sprinkle sprinkle of salt salt a
dash of the shell for real they go like
this you so lost in the sauce that was
on the view they showed you know he's
this very famous chef on YouTube and
he's like sensual with his cooking was
he but no he was like Asian or why he
was Asian or something and he grabs
right when he seasoned the meat he
grabbed the salt and doesn't let the
salt Road an essential it was I did it
really wrong for arms approvals down the
elbow yeah she's like oh yeah I'm a date
oh yeah if you continue we cannot treat
me well yeah yeah yes season that meat
on you boys man has four people in it
and he's saying all the parts yeah so I
mean a sibling they had to like singing
simultaneously but you know usually one
was singing part of the verse another
one would go you know my gosh I but no
wonder with the moyu sound like you're
laughing they only got a bit they only
got a do it in his throat so he wouldn't
be able to go oh oh wait no no no boy
you said boy okay of course they would
kill it I'm just saying yeah no of
course it would kill I just want to know
how you sound sing
thank God you haven't heard him sing
like an R&B song you know saying and
that's what I uh if one has sung Garby
song let us know
put it down action yes yes I don't
Twitter yeah put it in Twitter yeah we
won't see it if it goes to the comment
section so we can react to that so yeah
drop it down on the Twitter account with
the link is in the description below
also don't forget man we still doing fan
intro so you want to be in a fan intro
man submit your intro to the comment I
mean to the email in the description man
everything is already written out for
you in the description all you guys do
is just follow the scripts and just send
it just hit some bugs emoji hi like that
I want to say hi to the actual videos
yeah also oh yeah the Twitter link will
also let you know where we're going live
okay you'll know where we're gonna live
and y'all can come join us for the fun
okay where we can just share that with
you our let's watch videos every once in
a while but mostly to chat up with you
guys I have some fun okay so with that
being said thank you for coming out
today man we had a great time this was
good
remember if you have any more
suggestions or requests put it down the
Twitter link below alright thank you all
and not get out
[Music]
