[Music]
what's up guys
today we'll be checking out video called
how to meet beautiful girls in the for
the paint okay so this is another one of
those videos that none of you were
expecting it's another one of those
videos where I was randomly searching
searching for stuff and I decided to
hold off so we can watch this video
together so you guys are probably either
gonna love this video
absolutely hate this video I'm guessing
the video that I'm watching in my
reaction now some of you guys weren't
too happy about the previous video the
ancient video that I made I mean I
thought it was just you know a
light-hearted video nothing too serious
now I wasn't taking everything that
we'll see in the video literally now
just going with it you know no it's just
an opinion you know play some people's
experiences it's not everyone's
experience so I don't know how this
video is gonna play out but I guess
we'll soon find out jollibee
[Music]
so this is obviously from this
perspective thanks for stopping by today
I'd like to talk a little bit about how
to meet girls when you go to the
Philippines now this is just my own
experiences I'm not talking for anybody
else just myself
okay now experience previous video I had
already talked about how to meet these
girls from the Philippines through the
various dating sites now and this one
I'm going to talk about to how to meet
them when you're actually in the
Philippines okay now if you're not
really into the dating sites and you
prefer to meet a girl when you actually
have boots on the ground like he's a
guillotine will single around them is
really quite easy to meet online young
Filipino when you're there okay and even
for an older foreigner like myself and
believe me if I can do it anybody can do
it I'm not a kid okay now these roads
are very approachable in remembrance
what don't say nobody walk up to them
start a conversation
they're very easygoing very friendly and
one thing I have noticed about the
filipinas is that again in my opinion
there's so much more friendlier and open
and approachable than the girls here in
the US again just my opinion okay Maxon
reveals alex is the most part the girls
I'm an updated when I went to the
Clippers and I've met on the dating
sites now since I've been going to the
Philippines I have noticed that it's
really easy to meet these girls when
you're actually there okay you don't
need to use the dating sites if you
prefer just to transonic intelligence
and they need them when you get there
it's very easy to do now personally me I
would avoid the ladies of the evening or
the bar girls I mean I'm just not really
into that type of thing if I'm gonna go
for initiatives plenty of it there I
would assign a miss careful because I
would imagine that there's there's a lot
of disease that comes along with that
miss jeren okay okay now some of the
places that you can meet these girls are
number one in the malls okay a while
back I was walking through one of the
malls it was a new mall I wanted to
check it out was just going in peace
go to stores and checking out the
restaurant say yeah there let's have a
look around and I had private options at
one of the stores Trinity's look at the
clothes around and racks it now in front
of the store and the salesgirl come up
to me like they normally would and ask
you know can I help you and I said no no
I'm just kind of browsing I'm just
looking for anything in particular and
she said well are you are you here
shopping for your wife I said no and I'm
not that married so well are you
shopping
you know for your girlfriend now I don't
really have a girlfriend
so that started up a little bit of a
conversation come to find out she was
single and she was available and at that
time I really wasn't looking to get into
another relationship I had just gotten
out of one I wasn't interested in
started another one but I could tell
that by the way this conversation was
going if I had asked her out say for
coffee or iced tea or lunch or something
like that I think more than likely she
would have gone ok so that's one place
you can meet him another place that's
giving me hope right now in the
supermarket's okay just like here in the
US I mean there's a lot of single girls
in the supermarket's you'll sign a lot
of single girls there in the Philippines
in the supermarkets just walk up doing
the started conversation and you know it
wasn't you know anything elements or not
or if she's interested or knives and
open a trilogy one making spare counter
female and any of those are plays that
are the servers in the restaurants okay
the waitresses come in and taking your
orders in in the various restaurants now
as ordered and you're in the restaurant
and you're alone right away that there's
a topic for conversation because they're
going to be a little bit curious as to
why you're here where's your wife
where's your girlfriend type of things
so rate the rings are the other half
more standardization so that's that's
another place okay one other it would be
the convenience stores
all right the clerks and in convenience
stores as you're checking out and these
tools easy to start a conversation
basically anyway that's another place
another one are the banks okay Wow my
show and I was in a bank I was
exchanging some money for some
Philippine pesos and the Royal was
taking care of me she's always here from
the United States are you are you here
with your wife I said no no I'm not
married
here with my wife so while are you here
with your girlfriend well that time it
was with my girlfriend I told her yes
I'm with my dad she's just not with me
right here but sky and it has done an
association pretty much we get back to
business
what trying to tell where it was going I
mean again they'll let you know if
they're available or if they're not so I
feel like I was good advice
we don't be a very well for they don't
want the Yahoo station okay and as you
can see no sign that he's on the same
one type talked about here these girls
are in worse they do they place ninety
preference if I was to date a girl there
and be with the girl I would prefer that
she'd be working so this way she's not
going to be looking for me to me to help
support her she can for the most part
support herself okay and that's it again
that's just my preference all right
now another place you can meet these
girls are in the parks now in the
Philippines at least right so basically
anyway where's I now the hearts are very
else when the Sun Goes Down it starts to
cool on following alcohol exhibit walk
to the parks and someone we everyone
watching type person yeah I like to go
to this part on the street vendor food
there and then I try to engage a lot of
people me I'll just I'd like to grab a
bottle of water and I'll go sit on a
bench and I'll just watch the people
well one time I was there and a girl
come up sat down on the bench and
started conversation and and found out
she was single she was available type of
thing and this guy so he very very easy
to meet these girls and I wouldn't you
know don't be afraid to approach him and
talk to them okay I'm just walking down
the street I mean you see a pretty girl
walking down stream already there now
reservation again she'll let you know if
she's available remember if she's faced
with his experience let's just well no
same month now and strike up the
conversation all right use your
imagination I mean I just touched on a
few here today there's probably many
many more places that you can meet these
girls when you're in the Philippines and
you'll notice too if you ask one of them
out and they accept and you do go out on
a date if you go out the launcher
whatever what have you you'll know
that most of the time and again this is
just my own experience most of the time
they're going to want to bring a friend
or a cousin or somebody to more or less
act as a chaperone for lemonade okay and
if the date goes well and you end up
going out on another then chances are
then probably the two you could go out
alone okay
now some of the places that I found hard
to meet single girls and this worst one
here it surprised me are the beaches all
right now a longest time I went to the
Philippines and I figured oh there's
going to be girls all over the beaches
it Clarice's need a girl down there well
at least I go in the lung the sarangani
bay the beach is there to have the NEPA
huts that are for rent and here's a
picture of one right here they rent them
out by the day or the night and it seems
it for the most part it's families I
just to get their final goods if already
you're there at a barbecue they do the
cares I'll show my know he's had
regarding so much I didn't see a whole
lot of single girls walking along the
beaches at least like I said where I go
now if you ever get a chance to go to
the Philippines I mean take it it's a
great country to visit on tank
interpreter that or just the food is
great but people are super friendly they
really are very friendly and outgoing
and you never know you might say
vivacious relationship when you get
north cinnamon Bay so like I said it's a
great place to visit so if you can
perhaps think of any other places that
you could meet single girls maybe some
of your own experiences I mean please
leave them in the comment section below
I will when I get baby for one of the
video please give me a thumbs up and if
you wait a mile in town blue subscribe
okay very very much for stopping by the
Philippine experience take care now see
that man
in the dump
don't forget to subscribe before you
subscribed hello may not show up on your
Ian because my subscriptions are private
but just now sub to your tenant I feel
like it's normal to hear different
people or ages or ethnicities in their
experiences when you're wanting to know
about a specific subject you guys know I
was watching so many different videos
came across so many different videos
different channels regards to the
Philippines and advice where I just
wanted to take in everything that I
could and this being one of them which I
thought was reaction worthy and I think
it was I think it was remembering that
this is his experience it's only
obviously this isn't gonna work for
everyone it's not like this for everyone
and not all girls are like this ads what
he said
and so everything know you guys are
offended by list below that does some
pretty accurate from what I've learned
just comparing people's stories and
times of the Philippines not that issue
really matter
although for people that I actually know
wanting to meet maybe their future
significant number you want to hear
videos with this sort of advice you know
can help you get tweet one bit no I'm
saying there obviously I'm not going to
the Philippines for that reason now I've
got my own rhesus you guys already know
but it doesn't hurt knowingness
information in taking it into
consideration because things can also
change I'm not trying to putting any
ideas out there in fact I think I'm
gonna stop by on the Eid
I didn't know if you guys want to see me
reacting to more videos like this stuff
around just learning about Philippines
not necessarily about anything so the
pain is it beautiful woman for the paint
maybe you guys can make some suggestions
although a few of you guys suggested
that I make a video on why you should
marry the moaning oh you mean on multi
out from there which I could probably do
in fact if I can come up with ten
reasons I'll make that better yet I'll
make it just feel beautiful for the
peace out there that video was if done
all damn means damn means every anyway
to see you in the next video
now while I'm here I'm actually gonna
check out more of the skies videos
what's this channel name for the pains
experience first thing in the
description below
hi Lee city's checking out is channel
and if you liked it subscribe this
what's buttons therefore and see what
other places go ahead cuz you never know
this could be min another 20 years
[Music]
