do you have a song request what would
you like to hear here any any song you
want to hear
this is karaoke in a cheesy what's up my
people
we're cruising around subway city
tonight we're gonna get crazy and you're
gonna come with me
tonight we're going around town and
we're giving three rise to people if
they can sing us a song so will they
sing will they be terrified will they
look at me nervously and then walk away
will this might keep cutting out who
wants a free ride oh wow that cool how
you're not doing it let's try again one
more time there we go here we go oh you
get you're not very good so I'm gonna be
honest
ah yes it's working so beautifully my
plan um guys you're all making this very
awkward okay there was a lot of fun I
did this thing with the hands but what
about the singing part did you tell me
oh my god you want to sing thing you're
gonna say all right yeah everybody give
it up move that's the mic what a guy
[Music]
give it up
Wow what song do you want what song hey
thinking drop-off is near I know but we
can you can sing one verse Big Ups my
man thank you everybody
everybody say thank you to this man he
paid for your ride with a beautiful
voice I gotta say that was touching
amazing hi there so nice right here best
ever heard of you show you probably do
that though okay talk to you later
what do you want to hear oh you got it
guys I wasn't billed to sing I'm a
rapper
okay review food and I rap I don't know
the song of it sorry screw that guy
there's something a little bit uploaded
over the hata to and all these people
that I see on the street it's like the
action who wouldn't like do another want
to do is this give you a ridin you could
call drew just give me a little song
please just a little bit feel my
complete like a little kid yo and see
backpack anybody any song requests I can
sing any song you sing any song except
wild llamas
hi there do you need a ride we're doing
this heartwarming thing where like I
give people free ride if they sing a
song and then maybe it goes viral
probably not know what's your go-to
karaoke song yeah we have spice yeah we
have everything we have Spice Girls okay
get in the truck get you know I thought
this might be a heartwarming it's just
turning into probably the most awkward
the creepy thing I've ever done them all
right let's go it's gonna be fun know
there's a lot of people around there's a
lot of witnesses nothing's gonna happen
I mean people I mean witnesses I mean
let's go they are Spice Girls
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you wanna walk whatever they want you
all wanna deliver the ball I'll kick you
in a mall when I really will it wash it
with a wall what I really want
[Music]
look we're trying to get this party cone
let's get some beers and I'm saying
loosen people up especially me is this
that's cool the cameras cool we cool all
right god I love this country
love this country ah beer like every
convenience store here has a security
guard and he literally does not care
that there's a cameraman following me
which is which is pretty awesome
can you sing bro dance you dance
let's see it oh I thought that was the
dance move my daddy is gonna can you
sing yeah you're a good singer oh you
don't have to be good you just have to
have a good attitude okay what what song
do you want to sing you already have a
song let's go let's get more people
we're going to Pardo Pardo
you want to come are you gonna sing yes
I have to ask everyone before you go in
what is your song
I don't know that one but let's do it
okay jump in see it's it's it's safe
it's fun we have a lot of people hi
there
have you ever had to sing to take a
jeepney before is it it's a fun idea
right do you think it could go viral is
this exploit yeah are you ready
hi there thank you for joining our cool
viral video this video is going viral at
least 2 million views anyways where are
you coming from
you coming from work Wow so what a fun
surprise that you're coming from work
and then now you're singing in a jeepney
to get home it's so fun right can you
say that again
very fun funny we have that record ok
and I don't understand sarcasm so I
believe you what is your song today you
are my son I thought she was talking to
me for a second ok let's hear it
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
Wow that touched my heart oh my god one
more song it's working this is bringing
people together
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
take care again heartwarming wow this is
the most heartwarming video I've seen on
the Internet amazing money bringing
people together thank you people happy
and then mainly bringing them home well
guys we learned a lot today okay and
first of all is that the people in the
Philippines really they love karaoke and
even their own shyness and their own
kind of hesitation towards weird creepy
cameramen and foreigners will not
prohibit them from jumping into a random
Genie and singing some karaoke we'll see
you next week
I don't know any conclusion
[Music]
