hey welcome back everyone
today we have some amazing food both
will and I we've been to this place
before however will was too drunk to
remember it and I've only came here for
the slushes it was just a Coney hotdog
so and it is sonic burger I've never had
their burgers for every era of the
burgers no nope and they got this
limited edition
what is it artery-clogging
high cholesterol causing pretzel cheesy
bacon grilled onion hot dogs good and it
looks amazing so stay tuned for this
we're going to be eating it right now
ready for this and also we got the super
sonic burger this is let's make the
comparison to whoppers a big whopper the
big magnets like their comparison to it
so we're going to give it a try we also
got some other good foods I got my
favorite drink I got my slush this is
the real fruit slush get in on the
transformer so going that lorry you'll
have you know white or yeah he's Kate is
not a rewarder that put the cherry on
you know I don't really like to show you
but let's go I'll eat it I like to call
you in an orchestra but when I'm mo
talked about cuz I'm basic um he's gonna
next see if I don't do this that also
has enough snacks I'm hike about the
onion-ring sass again I mention you in
this because I watch your ASMR on this
and for weeks I've been wanting to get
some money rings so we got some onion
rings all right you ready do this sorry
this
dude that looks pretty damn amazing oh
my gosh ready for this I thought it was
you ready for this
get and on top of that guy this
milkshake is worth it oh my gosh I'm
gonna pick this up right here because I
want you to see the pretzel bun this is
the pretzel bun and in there you got
bacon cheese
onion this thing actually looks pretty
good dude I know you said it's gonna
give me a bubble guys dude it will have
got like he's got this extensive trip to
Portland the moral he's bragging glad
they got there like five rest stops on
the way there and we asked it is up it
is like this is a like down gallery just
for them yeah we mm counted on this
everything into thank you everyone look
at this thing dude like get in on that
right there it's good look at that okay
well this thing is actually it smells
good it looks good you can tell you that
last night really seen it some oysters
from the bread just so you know it's a
pretzel bread don't get the pretzel
Brenner's ready Cheers
oh
my gosh
dude that is
built on himself I did a man will start
if you don't realize WH which card will
drive him I'm sitting passenger
that is that is good I remember back in
like middle school do when you get to
give the parcel to cheese yeah Sully's
the facility yeah that's what it sort of
like guys like that like that nacho
cheese inside there and um you can see
probably in there there's some nacho
cheese with the pretzel
that is that's pretty much I bet for
$2.00 for $2 limited edition limited
edition hot dog get in on that right
there you see that everyone get in on
that ah did you can't beat that I'll get
a little closer well welcome
mmm get in on the cheese right there is
it cheese are there oh yeah that's in my
mouth let me be part of our ballin on a
budget special to throw some grilled
onions on a hot dog gourmet so we're
going to ask them we're willing to read
on some of the questions here
we're going to answer some of these
questions to sit down relax eat some
popcorn because we got some Q&A coming
up right here all right this one why am
i white my wiener well uses winners no
pun intended
girl rock
how dis your channel starts hey I love
Chuck villanova facility correct I'll
call you guys on Instagram
yada-yada-yada so are you a chef and how
did your channel start mi a chef and
honey my transfer
I'm not a chef will are you chef
no I'm definitely chef I'm probably like
the last person to actually conclude he
use the charcoal grill for the first
time last week two weeks ago
that was an interesting experience I
looked I dude when you have propane you
know easy I just I programmed like you
can't just use the propane
well yeah I'm not a gronbach chef wills
on chef we've got a lot of friends that
do actually some really cooking we've
been very fortunate I think in terms of
having friends that can cook some pretty
dang good crew that I gave me Laos
Cambodia
Tyrion just said everything by Filipinos
yeah it's been I mean we've been blessed
with that so I can't sit there and say
that I'm a chef that I probably last
thing I cooked was like cereal every
contest for eggs maybe I put eggs and
maybe one could put cheese on top yeah a
little onion a Bacon's we go okay the
you know the thing you know makin and
everything is amazing good
bad much I'll start really what its what
started is I'm rule I got really into
the answer more side of it so I know I
started off doing some ASMR stuff but
really wait what kick started for me and
when I watched a lot of her a couple oh
shoot these are these Cinnabons he jump
on the Cinnabon
he doesn't end up going I'll get right
on that
oh
look at that let's game over right there
mmm I know where he's into because it's
hot that's why we had to decide to cut
in but um oh
is like that's like strip from Cinnabon
to the bomb Justin Bunsen bun yeah um
yes I watched ASMR and I really AM into
ASMR in the very first video I did I
should probably post it because it's a
member the pepper video I did joking
around and like I probably got so we're
you a laughing bus I didn't know what
ASMR what and all of a sudden Austin
sends a video just
it's like a
bell pepper and I'm just thinking but
it's like a cake thing you have to keep
watching it that one looks pretty good
there wasn't like the crunch and
everything was like really about I'm
laughing but I'm dead pepper that's
really what started this whole thing for
me and I'm again I watched a lot of
people and
it just it just carries on this is you
think you know I love food I could eat
food I can do it and so that's sort of
where the shout just started and I'm
again will and I eat all the time we
hang out pretty much every weekend
eating somewhere just like doulas Nixon
films let's make some videos I'll do
some ASMR it just start evolving that's
really where I came from that's where we
are today we haven't been posted a whole
lot because it's been the summer time
and when it gets this overtime with
other side it's just Rob doing a bunch
of stuff for we work a lot we're out at
you know just doing stuff and I mean we
need to be better about it and we've
talked to like we need to do better at
this so expect some more videos coming
up sooner faster more often so stay
tuned for those for sure I finished my
Weiner will I'm so sorry
Will's got a new car not all the Hollis
bills oh my god will will just bought a
brand new car too and this actually went
into his GPS
[Music]
cleaning session get back in five five
this is actually really bad oh my god
see that's why I don't eat Gorman I told
you let's not take your car
but like you have you spill a 5 year oid
ax dude i just happens is like
regurgitate on my hand somehow go clean
this later I don't want hit one of those
onion rings sorry BMW that's all good oh
then are you guys related in one way in
any way from Chelsea Oh Janelle are we
related
no when I lied to Tommy's brothers yeah
women too sure dude this thing is legit
oh no no would you consider I get in on
this t-shirt check yards consider get
out get in on this here we go blowing
get in on that sorry we had a line of
lingerie
second on the on the lingerie did you
know that Robbie otherwise either
you
your ideas now let's pretend that
tomorrow or planet will be destroyed by
alien robots you're allowed to eat three
dishes out of all the stuff you have my
phone if that's even work so far before
the earth is destroyed what would those
be a
new ring
I've been craving this for like weeks
and but I think when you do guaranteed
I've been craving this for a long time
and I actually comment on Sasuke Samar's
a thing on this because it's just been
crazy and she ate this I was like oh my
gosh
that sounds good where's the mic
not bad enough of oh
it's good Wow that
not too greasy yeah that's the second /
really not too greasy which is it Wow
benefited here after all this other
groups but no thank you I'm probably
ruined somebody else experience right
now thinking about the health benefits
right here but if you try to get Indiana
you trying to trying to cut down and get
his abs shown like really really good
going back to Hawaii I'll make some
beach bod ready to get in on this thing
dude look at that
I'm just feeling again another the car
in red pink and green mantra who is this
thing she's really legit I sell three
things
you said onion rings for me for sure you
can't be do you got carbs and vegetables
what are your other two for food right
here click age so we need you know drink
so um of all the stuff you annoying
videos
um
wow that's really hard there's things I
haven't eaten on my videos that I would
want to take with me no he said plenty
videos I don't want to be an anteater
from the question 101 I will answer your
question
one look there's a whole Korean feast we
ate initially the whole Filipino feast
and
Han look who's cheating says he just you
can specify at home
probably sushi no yeah probably come
sushi shows be my top three so
essentially Korean food Filipino food
and Japanese food or so dude honestly
I'd probably go no actually I'm gonna
switch the sushi cuz I'm I need a burger
so sometimes I'm always gonna crave that
something takes heavy 3tsp convergence I
think for me honestly I would probably
go with the Filipino spaghetti that's
probably number one that's first thing
I'd probably to happen those anole I do
like I get you got your best on you're
thinking about the whole thing I forgot
all about the jelly bean I
would definitely take so without Aloha
burger
okay well what you trying to get do I
hate my already is look at that that is
I know that doesn't bring em okay
I'll cover your face Lee thank you oh
you were a double-decker alright oh yeah
my one dive in on this so definitely
it's gonna be spaghetti there's gonna be
unerring something like you know
spaghetti and I feel peace you kept your
French really so good onion rings yeah
I'm killed it was I got tomato sauce
that's like that's vegetables or fruit
and and then carbs and then I feel like
I'd look pretty well on that on that
island and clicked on one drink and then
I'm gonna throw in that watermelon so
did you drink man like and there you go
over there - yeah how about you have to
turn up with all the I mean yeah I know
for sure I guess I was about to be
destroyed I'm going on back that was
probably wills best invention I mean I
know he saw from another video or do one
simple by Egon that where was is Hawaii
let me go hard on this burger I'm gonna
try this because it's just
staring right now no husband not Lee's
comes
and
that's a bit off moment
it smells good dude that actually
smells really good oh my god I'm trying
to dive into a big ice bath but if he's
gay it looks really good tomorrow I mean
like should you see
comparison long as they taste a lot like
a lot more sure like in terms of you
could actually just taste the meat the
Bender's lated ratio is actually good
you're hating on it but it actually it
actually tastes solid I'm a ketchup
fanatic guy we're just letting my
ketchup go dude well so what I got a guy
guy yovan right there
I'm gonna catch up peeing on my burgers
who doesn't like tomatoes yeah it's
weird it just sounds like a dirt taste
tastes like dirt
but I like ketchup like that see that
get in on that I'm gonna cover my face
oh yeah I'm excited for that
Wow that's pretty quick I agree there's
pretty clean tasting I need to pull over
your cart when you take a bite of a
whopper it just like hits you with in
all the saltiness this does you that
everyone that's actually pretty good
it's a really soft like melts in your
mouth soft
see people talked about how these are
really good burgers but then like I've
heard a lot of people say they suck
so I don't I'm actually sort of torn
right now because there was a travel
team really I'll tear this - the Big Mac
though you should compared to the double
quarter-pounder yeah I might Donald and
comes the helots may agree with that not
like do not like this better than a
double quarter-pounder
awesome
I'm trying to cover his face and my to
get you in on this
that's so good
tell me Matt answered my last thing the
last thing I'd probably take honestly
the last thing I would take notice so
just for the nutritional side of it
would probably be the beloved
attritional side of it hell yeah you
know like a lot of nutrition with it and
plus like people say that I you can like
just want to put their clothes off yeah
you have that testosterone me like you
need that on a desert island by yourself
it's not that the Rose about to be blown
up oh
well that's game you needed to foster
you need to repopulate
you want to be a lab man saying I'm good
because
drinking is actually sort of like the
blood I
mean it was a joke I like to go uh-huh
hands down to Joseph um
totally like chicken soup chicken noodle
soup I wasn't I was sort of hesitant on
this burger to begin wicked but it's
actually really really good
it's a lot of good arm oh if I can eat
it all but do you guys listen to kpop
guilty well for fun so for fun that's no
I don't listen to kpop I listen to
Justin Bieber
when did your love story begin
it was one fall it was one fall season
about five years ago so these are
turning orange and red we were strolling
down boulevard Avenue we're talking
about another girl or you talked about
me how about you and a face
not yet again bromance homie I just seen
Johnny okay this question I like if you
guys won the lottery never had to work a
day in your life ever again what would
you spend your lives doing
I
just get really fat
just eat really good food hang out
drink really good drinks like this
I'm more I'm more of a philanthropist
with that I
enjoy caring and doing things for the
greater good in the world so I would mix
that in with doing this plus I've always
wanted to be a treasure hunter recycle I
wanna always wanted to be a treasure
hunter so I want to go watching too much
for good like that else much novelty not
so Nicolas Cage over your I
wouldn't be my gyration I could be a
treasure I would pack up everything and
do that as someone offered me a job but
that is what I would want to do I'll do
that listen for the tropics work plus II
honestly I wouldn't coach basketball
yeah I would probably get into something
into sport all right again I'm I'm not
total you guys don't know it but like
I'm just that geeky
that like Wilson statistician guys it
just has me stupid under there's no
stupid stuff you shouldn't know about
sportswear you do know about it and it's
just you spent too much time on it that
is me so I probably do something like
that because that's something that I
love so and I don't know why just is
what it is you got to make Sparkle play
adult like Amy do I'll play that would
be born so yeah loosely Mayweather
that's another topic
and gonna touch that one
to have a burger in California he's just
I
did a whole different level
will smell really good man oh my gosh
set a stack is on another level awesome
another little piece onion rings that
I've been craving
in America a wrong ah
mmm
it really drink your milkshake I need to
bubble tea sure that's why I kept trying
to buy how to take the straw so thick
right I got let it melt all the food
wherever will goes we you just need
parents on your table like this will
click like you can't I don't know check
with that little thing double to bubble
bamboo know us all hater dude I'm I took
like five of those straws and melton
bike and
dude you were like in so you know
something else no involve I have not
used all day I
share something eating all day so this
2000 calorie is beautiful diet and I eat
all day so
that's why he's skinny and I'm fat
sorry about the world works it's very
good
think about just hung a book but there's
new students I want to get now shoot
from a folder yourself the first one is
will alcoholic no I am NOT
up what I honestly just when you guys
see me drink is just another work week
we just have it they just kick back and
drink oh oh
oh I'm very
like which eyes that um this one it
literally I'm drunk that's always will
alcohol literally
do I get that dragged on the video I
wasn't I'm not at my job baby no isn't
influencing him
are three will does influence see what
will does and he will pour you a shot
before reports and selfish liars and if
you take a chopper where he pours
inflows he's not going to take a shot so
he sort of doesn't put you in a negative
way that's take it what the crew it says
awesome Austin if you can decide and we
don't judge who is your man crush and
where would you want to go on a
honeymoon
friends that would say that yes it did
and
crushing dude I don't have to say who my
man curses because will should already
know who my man crushes
dude come on did you know who my macros
is I'm playing LeBron James LeBron
that dude is the man dude and not going
to have a crush on him that guy's just
oh I mean he's just a bad dude I mean
like he's the guy that I'd love to hang
out with the guy that would is
inspirational I mean like I mean he's 18
years old I went to the league and made
multi-million dollars and he's still
legit the number one basketball player
in the world again
you'd form on this regret where things
like that you'll see the inspiration
that he brings to just ancillary right
now
that's a question I'm gonna answer it
he's just I mean again he's a solid dude
for sure that's a guy I'd love to hang
out with
everyone has a man-crush and if they say
they don't they're freaking lying dude
okay so what's the question - you know
that's Manoli awesome I know and I'm
asking specifically we young with
rhubarb eyes yes question though I'm
asking a question my
sister soon you know all right P hello
straw Walker no oh
but yeah cuz into the blue I know y'all
seen that him desk Alva so you're really
gently saying that you're your man
crushes Paul Walker yeah what do a dead
guy I'm some morning
[Laughter]
all right I loved you mind thinking or
water fair team honest answer that's a
good question whoever anti-crime who
asked of course that's a good question
now that's funny no one that's what was
good I just made it up on the spot I
thought I wanted him to say now that
would have been funny it's funny that
you knew who was wrong for you mine was
also confuse all sizes all thinking Tom
Brady as icon Brady Kane Manning low
then I oh yeah the broad they're like
the greatest of all time in terms the
quarterback but they're definitely not
cool that's what your boys about to be
doing here soon is it surfing those now
it's like Maui from mallanna let's turn
over a sky look I could tattoo yeah
that's it it looks like
y'all know I'm probably more you watch
Moana I know you have oh
no one
everyone thank you so much for watching
the sonic burger glad you got to
experience them for the first time with
us first time having this first time
having a burger in this limited edition
hotdog by far the onion rings and the
hotdogs were probably the best thing I
had today then a snack okay I've
ever sick anyways to snack was pretty
good
but I still got a hotel out dog that
limited edition hotdog was good I
liked it on the hot I do it again I
could do it again I can get probably
five more times and still be legit and
we are still good off that summer stuff
for me this drink right here which is
the real fruit strawberry slush is
amazing will has been finishes emotional
pieces made new line and the Cal workout
kind of just
eat it drink this
so I'm pause
so um yeah holla
alright so um thank you for watching I
hope you liked it give it a thumbs up
subscribe
we will be back with some more videos I
know a lot of people requested that we
do not do one video over two weeks that
we do wasn't video every three days or
every day I don't love people actually
requests every day my Audrey's can't
take that yeah we might not do every day
but we could definitely get a lot better
at doing one every couple days we agree
Stacey alright stay tuned we got more
coming I'm gonna Lika
