[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
I heard the words in your
eyes let go what you
[Music]
see
be
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I saw it move through the
air I saw the lights
down I saw it come for
a if I could
[Applause]
[Music]
just
[Music]
[Music]
I heard the in your
eyes let what you
[Music]
see
[Music]
n hey what's up everybody it's your
friendly neighborhood hug Knuckles back
again with another live stream as always
by my son hot Sam hotam and today is a
good day I think it's a good day feels
like a good day it's just
beginning just could be a great wherever
you are in the world we have viewers
from over 150 countries on the channel
uh good morning good afternoon good
evening and good night wherever you're
from thanks for coming out to the live
stream we normally always have a
Thursday night live stream us time where
we're at here yes um but we also want to
start doing a Friday morning stream
which right now it's Friday morning
where we're at 7:45 in the a.m. getting
up early so we can be here with y'all
and um that way it makes it a little
easier for some of our audience they
don't have to come super early in the
morning or super early at night or super
late at night early at night whatever y
know what mean whatever um but we're all
about U making sure that we can hang out
with y'all and talk in the live streams
we love doing our live streams here and
uh we got a lot to talk about we got
lots going on we got lots in our lives
yes we got lots of things happening lots
of things what's happening in your life
how are you doing today yeah let us know
how are you doing what is
new hi from Dubai the happiness what
makes you happy in your life yes right
now what makes you happy makes you happy
in your life a lot of people are asking
also happy in your in my life who my
Jabs is Julianne Julian San Jose Julian
San Jose is freaking amazing y'all want
to know who Julianne San Jose is uh
y'all need to go check the channel we
did a reaction where she did a uh cover
of what was it sorry from Justin Bieber
and man down from Rihanna Rihanna yeah
and it was just amazing how she she
first off beautiful voice yeah second
off she um she really mixed the two
songs really well so it was just
something I'd never heard before
honestly and she's she's so like
interesting too like if you go and like
I've looked at her Instagram and stuff
and she's just a really interesting
person she seems fun you know mhm so
we've done uh two reactions we did one
there there was like a Disney live show
that was in the Philippines I forget
what it was it was like what was it
um I for I dare to dream was the name of
the whole like Disney thing right oh
yeah um and she did how far I'll go from
Moana but recently we just did uh this
other one sorry let me pull it up and I
will put the link in the chat here and I
will also put it in the description here
is our
latest our latest Julie and San Jose
reaction bam right there go ahead and
check that out if you want to see it I
will also go ahead and
update our description down below if
yall want to see it yes because it is
pretty legit No Lie yeah um she is
become one of our favorite artists very
quickly here we had only seen her one
time and it was like kind of accidental
the first time that we saw her to be
honest yeah um because we had just
watched Moana like we were way late on
Moana and we had just kind of watched it
right before that whole performance went
down
and why do we watch it somebody told us
to watch somebody on there I forget what
it was it might have been
Morisette was moris set on idea to dream
I thought like wasn't there some drama
or something
where or was it yeah moriset and Eric
Santos did Santos did beating and the
Beast oh yeah yeah yeah and people were
like talking trash about people people
were saying that she didn't yeah like
she an attitude or something but anyway
I don't know we went to check that video
out and then we kind of were like oh hey
we had just watched Moana and we
freaking were like in love with Moana
actually we have a little Moana figure
somewhere up here I don't know where
moana's at where you where you at Moana
Moana where you
at where is she oh she's on the bottom
oh she's right there she's next to to
the poop there you
go um but anyway so I got a to Moana
like I was all about Moana probably one
of our favorite exact animated movies
and uh so we saw that this girl Julianne
San Jose had done a cover of how far
I'll go and I was like I love that song
it's so good yeah um and we listened to
him we're like wow she's lit like she is
the best um and then we got a lot of
requests recently for that mashup that
we did which is in the description down
below if youall want to see that um and
it's like but it's completely different
from seeing her sing like that song live
on stage so you get to see like that
intimate like like she's in her room
singing and she's got all these like
instruments around her and and you get
like this whole different feel for her
and her talent and I'm just like
instantly like wow like this girl has it
legit yes um so there'll be a lot more
reactions so if you don't know who she
is go check out that video I put in the
description um and watch her content the
link to the original video as always is
in our videos so you can go check out
more from her Channel as well super
Super T ented um but we're really hyped
on her right now shout out to all the
flyers in the chat I see all the all the
myw fans up in here we we have like
become obsessed with uh Filipino love
teams lately and that's why we we've
been uh reaching out to the my word
Flyers to everybody and and kind of like
embracing that because we want to learn
more and we need y'all's help cuz a lot
of the content that they have uh let me
get my phone is not in English yeah so
it's really hard to kind of like do
things um there is a lot of people who's
been emailing us that's what I was going
to get right now I was going to check my
stuff to some videos with subtitles and
whatnot sunun n Shout out to you shout
out to Gian shout out
TOA shout out to all y'all if you sent
us an email uh with English sub videos
or if you've just dm'd us or tweeted us
or just been a part of us learning uh
anything about the my W relationship the
growth of that love team uh cuz they're
freaking adorable so you said AA yeah
yeah she emailed me too legit
cool but uh thank you all for saying
those I did respond to somebody I didn't
respond to everybody that sent us
links but it's been crazy also people
been hitting me up on Instagram DM I
know people were hitting you up on
Instagram too letting us know a lot of
stuff so shout out to all you guys so
much it it always makes it so much
easier easier when y'all give us the
download when y'all let us know what's
up cuz y'all are fans just like we are
like when we come into new things that
that's the cool thing like I get giddy
when we find new artists or or new like
love teams now and stuff like that like
I get giddy it's like it's a brand new
feeling you don't know actually that's
what somebody said like the English
translation foring oring scr scr is is
giddy giddy yeah like that's also if
you're tweeting along with this if
you're in the live stream tweet out with
that hashtag right here joam x mayward
cuz we we're just trying to be like to
to be like my word I keep saying mayward
it's been stuck in my head since I first
found them cuz it's like I fell in love
with them as mayward and I want to like
you know what I mean well also like May
that's how may is spelled like the month
of May so I think that's what really
trips me up a little bit
so yeah but we uh I don't know we've
looked into some other teams too people
have been hitting us up um was it like
mle uh alub who else there's been a lot
um Julianne apparently is in a love team
we didn't know that Julian San Jose is
in a love team with Brandon somebody um
but there's a lot of love teams y'all
are like all about it I'm just like so
about my word right now that I'm just
like I just want to like focus on them
right now um well yeah well that's the
thing but I'm just like fascinated in
general with like the the whole love
team concept I don't know why like I
just think that's a coolest thing like I
want to be a love team like I want
people to be like that's Jo Sam they're
a love team like that's what I want
people to see and we have 20 hours left
in the poll if y'all follow us on
Twitter there's a poll up voting for our
love team name and right now I keep
saying Joe Sam CU that's the one that is
so far I need binoculars to see how far
ahead that one is uh in the votes and
it's like I don't know I don't know you
can call may as may like month of May
for May okay cool cool cool so I can say
may word all right legit and it's also
giddy is killig killig yeah kilig is the
one that's like that fluttery feeling
yeah scr is the one that's like love
it's just love yeah I love you hansam
oh I'm so sleepy guys it's early yeah
it's pretty early and we went to bed
pretty late but that's our schedule
that's our life you know you know we're
living in in the fast
lane um also we wanted to talk about
fourth impact I don't know if y'all are
fans of fourth impact or whatever um but
I am legit in love with fourth impact
fourth impact is what really opened our
eyes uh to the Philippines as far as
getting into Filipino culture Filipino
artists um and really kind of is what
blossomed into our love for all things
International cuz at first we only
stumbled into the Philippines we're like
wow these artists are amazing you know
the these love teams are adorable you
know like we we've been doing reactions
um mostly probably about 80% to Filipino
artists for months yeah um and the thing
is excuse me we've now branched out into
like Thailand Korea like we're finding
all these different areas and all these
different cultures and artists and
people and it's like so cool MH yeah but
fourth impact started off it started it
off that hello on the wish bus if you
want to go I think the the reaction
probably always going to be on the
channel just because it was such an
amazing reaction says I love you I love
you guys Jo Sam we love you too we love
you so much yes we love all of y'all
please shout out Smith family of mayward
fandom shout out to the Smith family
Smith family shout out uh Julian San
Jose Asia pop sweetheart that's what say
um also shout out to Jen who is our uh
Channel moderator one of our Channel
moderators he is from Manila and he is
putting in work he's here in the night
time he's here in the daytime he's all
about it us night time and the daytime
either way it's still the night time and
the daytime cuz he was here last night
and he here right now it's daytime it's
like early morning it's daytime right
now it's daytime for us really this is
normal people day people should be
sleeping this is people are already on
their way to work daytime oh no day
doesn't start until like 10: for you
well it's still morning I don't sleep
you can eat breakfast right now you
could well that's not fair cuz you could
eat breakfast at night yeah breakfast
for dinner who eat breakfast for dinner
shout out to the people who eat
breakfast for dinner because I'm all
about it okay so I'm very interested in
learning more about mayward and I'm also
excited now that I learned that I can
say mayward because that's what's stuck
in my head anyway so it makes it easier
to say mayward um but how long ago was
that big brother cuz like what makes me
most excited is we were already into
will dasovich yeah like I was super
fourth impact is also number one fan of
mayward that's legit oh that's cool
that's awesome so exced together all and
then you know we're like number one fan
of both of them no we're not really
number one fan cuz all of you guys are
probably like Sam does love Katy Perry
Sam is a huge Katy Perry F I'm a huge
Katy Perry fan now with mayward the the
thing like I said with them being on Big
Brother they were on Big Brother will
dasovich we've been huge will dasovich
fans um for a while we've been watching
his vlogs and stuff we thought was
really cool and the fact that he was on
with them just makes it that much more
interesting watch like last summer
summer 2016 is that the newest season
was that like the latest season that
happened summer 2016 Summer 2016 love
love I love you too it is 7:57 in the
a.m. is what it is right now shout out
please it's 956 p.m. right now shout out
to Dan
Mariano I really could use on my co some
eggs some eggs and bacon I would love
bacon and some biscuits biscuits and
gra um let's see it's 5:00 p.m. here in
Dubai it is far from that hair in the
past before fast food breakfast for
dinner was all the Friday night Rage
that's what's up I'm all about breakfast
for dinner I'm all about biscuits and
gravy I am all about bacon anytime yeah
May May and N are also huge fans of
fourth impact oh really maywe that's how
I pronounce that too even I'm a long
time fan already see that makes me feel
so much better cuz I felt bad like I was
mispronouncing it and I'm like I don't
want to like disrespect them cuz I
freaking love them you know what I mean
I'm actually going to just say may word
just because it's it's easier and if if
if I know that it's okay do you remember
what why mayward got stuck in my head
was cuz of Squidward from SpongeBob oh
really yeah so like I just like for some
reason I made like an association with
like the names well you also like my
word because it was like you're saying
oh my word my word my my
word shout out to everybody coming out
here this evening BR we got like 80
people here whatever time shout out to
everybody big brother was a hit reality
TV show franchise here in the
Philippines started in 2005 uh mayward
were the latest housemates from this
house okay okay cool cool cool uh
mayward and fourth impact support each
other actually their friends I want to
be their friends I know be our friends
be their friends make sure you're
tweeting out with our hashtag down here
we want to get noticed we need Senpai to
notice us we want we want we want mayay
and Edward to notice us that's what we
want yeah please if she could that would
be May themselves are here that would be
shocking that would be shocking but I'd
be really excited that'd be really cool
I'd be very happy yeah um that would
like I don't expect it though no I never
expect like I know we have a lot of uh
artists that tweet us and follow us on
Twitter dming us or like hit us up and
stuff um shout out to Morisette too by
the way it's her birthday happy me um
speaking of people who who hit us up on
Twitter but yeah it's like whenever
somebody notices us or like notices that
we do videos about them or whatever it's
always like the coolest thing to me um
and it's like exactly like whenever like
straight up whenever KZ first like
followed us I think we took a screenshot
and posted on our Facebook page we're
like casy follow us on Twitter and then
now she like messages us and CU even
though we're like you know we're a
bigger Channel as far as like reaction
channels and we have millions of views
but it doesn't feel like it it feels
like every single time we watch a video
I feel like I'm just a fan like I'm
somebody who's just trying to find new
music new new things just anything cuz
it could be art it could be a love team
it could you know what I mean like it
could be anything I'm just trying to
find more stuff to appreciate enjoy and
open my worldview and it's like I don't
expect other people to actually be
watching like I know like people
watching like obviously there's almost a
hundred of y'all here right now chilling
with us but it's so weird to me it is
weird and like I'm not going to lie like
just because it's like my own self but
like I don't know how you feel about it
but sometimes I'm like it's so like
crazy that we have so many like
subscribers right now like we have like
52,000 now and it's like sometimes I'm
like like if we post these videos like
is it you know like what if people like
don't watch it like I still feel like I
still feel like at times like like what
if people just don't watch what if
people stop watching our videos or
something and it's like it's just hard
because it's like mentally it's like I
never thought we would have like this
interaction with so many people and so
it's just crazy we uh please react to
Mikey's videos thanks very soon coming
very soon so many people want us to do
that so definitely
uh let's see I love all the love teams
here in Philippines Elda mayward Liz
Queen Jen mccl Julie Ben uh jenel and
Joe Sam oops Joe Sam was the best shout
out to Rosemary shout out uh I hope you
react to Julian San Jose mashup we saw
that one where it's like a crazy amount
of mashups I do remember that I do
remember uh seeing people requesting
that so we will have that we're also
going to have um some reactions up for
uh more set soon we have another one for
Jay Kent we have a lot of stuff we have
a lot of stuff coming up soon um we're
probably going to make some videos a
little bit later
tonight because Sam's got to work for
just a couple hours randomly in the
middle of the day they called her in
today yeah I look that Sam your Texas
accent comes out when you talk for a bit
it really does it like sneaks
out just a little bit you have a Texas
accent I do not have a Texas accent I'm
not even I've only lived here a couple
years I do feel like a little bit I'll
drop into a little bit of slang but like
I was at work the other day helping a
customer and and I like literally was
just talking to her and I thought I was
talking normal and she looked you're
trying really hard to talk normal now
yeah I know I could tell but she was she
just looked at me like I was crazy and
my coworker was like you just went so
Southern on her she probably had no idea
what you just said sometimes you go so
Southern you need a
map or a compass
guys you have many Subs cuz you're
amazing thank you so much for that mix I
appreciate you Christine thanks for
subbing actually I think I saw your
comment did you subscribe uh when you
watched our jollybee video I think I
believe you left a comment did you know
I'm not sure but shout out to Christine
for subscribing shout out to everybody
who's sub to the channel we love yall oh
J Jen you always know how to make us
happy um let's see title W by Julian San
Jose there's so many there's so many
more uh artists that we need to see so
when are you going to the penis to the
Philippines I don't know hopefully very
soon yeah very soon we hoped the
beginning of next year but we had uh we
had some financial difficulties that
have stopped that um so unless we get
some sponsors we did have some fans that
have reached out to try to get us some
sponsors from companies in the
Philippines the biggest thing for us
coming there would be playing tickets
and straight up if you guys like know if
anybody that like got the hook up with
some Airlines or something they get us
some free tickets like that was our
biggest hold up cuz hotels won't be a
problem food everything like we would
need there won't be a problem cuz and I
know a lot of you have like offered to
like you know like show us around and
whatnot so like I know once we're there
we'll be taken care of kind of thing
just because like it it is like cheaper
you know because we've watched all those
videos we've learned that you know that
it's it's pretty cheap there and and um
but just plain tickets like that
literally I've like sat down and wrote
down every what everything would cost
and plane tickets are going to be like
$3,000 us for just us to get there and
back and that is like not even possible
for us right now
so that's where that's at right now
we're we're like in how we going to July
rent move yeah we going to be on the
streets please react to the music of
bamboo from river Maya days so 2 214 or
214 I've actually seen that one that
one's in our list uh for videos that
we're going to be doing soon a lot of
people said that was like his rocker
days like that was his band yeah um so
we have some stuff there but
everything's like really old it feels
like yeah I don't know they're all
people want us to react to swissh B
another one in the basket how are we
going to react to that then when we've
already heard it
is there a
video um no we could wait for the music
video we could do that but I've already
heard the song and I want to do like a
reaction of something I would think
there would be a music video cuz it's
like a bigger song well it took them a
while to put out uh isn't there one for
bonea petite now yeah I haven't seen
that video you haven't cuz we going
react to it SE mhm I haven't seen that
video so we can do that one yeah um
let's see it is 8:06 in the AM shout out
to everybody
hanging out in here you guys are the
cutest I hope you meet mayward soon
that's an interaction I'd want to see
hey if we could go to the Philippines if
we could go to the fields and we could
hang out with maywe that would be legit
I want to meet so many people I want to
meet KZ I want to meet myy I want to
meet uh Katrina valard I want to I want
to meet everybody I want to meet a lot
of people there's so many people if we
can hang out with mayward and like Gary
ve and maybe have like a dance off like
I'd be down I'd be totally down um but
that may just be a dream I don't know if
we'll ever get to meet a lot of people
hopefully we can meet KZ we talked to KZ
the most out of everybody um we'll have
to see I don't know 3,000 for you to
write yes be about 3,000 us and also
that's I mean like straight up that's
because we also we will we need a third
ticket just because we like we are
larger people and so we need to make
sure we have like the room because a lot
of airlines are really strict if you if
you were too big for a seat they will
like literally kick you off the plane so
we have to make sure we get three
seats uh Katie or Taylor who do you
prefer you prefer ktie I kind of prefer
Taylor actually react to Bone Appetit
bone bab I haven't seen that so I'm down
try getting in touch with ABS CBN for
sponsor I mean I could try I don't know
that they would do that $3,000 huge yeah
I know that's why it's the biggest
problem for us coming to the Philippines
if it wasn't that but then we've also
thought like if literally every every
one of our people like every one of our
followers gave Tri Philippine Airlines
gas what did I think of I was like each
each person gave 50 cents or something
if each person gave 50 cents that'd be a
crazy amount of money
exactly like 26 Grand exactly like so
but that's like such a little amount
like what like what would if 50 people
50,000 people
gave what a penny that would be five
five grand yeah that's like all we need
yep but that's a lot that's a that's a
lot of people coming together there a no
way I'm just like I do want to reach out
to jollybee for sure I do want to reach
out to jolbe uh if you hang around ABS
CBN you might just see maywe I'm stoked
like I want to go check out the studio
because we're going to be like the
couple like running after them ex Hi
exactly cuz we do watch a lot of ABS CBN
content um let's see I have friends in
ABS CBN I could get you guys there hey
reach out to them see if they would be
down uh to potentially sponsor us to
come to the Philippines because we ABS
CBN is like a big part of who we react
to um because I think a lot of the
people that are on their music label and
stuff like that and I know they featured
Us in an article before with the
jollybee ads yeah so jollybee would be a
great sponsor uh our jollybee video is
almost like 300,000 views yeah it's just
being able to like like have that kind
of like connection or whatever so yeah
you have friends and let them know we
want me we have to rely on y'all cuz we
don't we don't know anybody all we know
is you like we don't know anybody that
works in any of these places yes um so I
mean we we rely on y'all for everything
we rely on y'all for giving us uh
information about the artists and the
people that we do reactions to um what
is this K A lot of people say Karen
abasco what what would we react to for
Ken abas cuz the video I saw that had
like a lot of like copy red music in it
though oh yeah that that was why that
was why we didn't do that one yeah yeah
cuz like it was uh as soon as we went to
it it shows like who copyrights the
videos um this like add-on that I have
and it was like no yeah we we got one
strike already we're now trying to get
another strike yeah mid loves KZ and
moris set as well K's like our
everything yeah uh please react to MC
first single on Star music we fall in
love MC is a killig love team in the
Philippines and actually they're not
popular singer but their voice is super
good that was like the other love team
that a lot of people reached out to us
to do reactions yeah we should totally
do it I'm down yeah we should totally do
it I'm down cuz I'm like so like
obsessed with the love team thing like
for real like I think it's so Co yeah
like and I think it's just so cute
because you can see like each other's
connection and it's like you know I just
like it I like it a lot it's cute uh big
fan here in Dubai shout out please to
ROM shout out
May's really approachable they'll be
exatic to see you guys I want them to
notice us I don't think they've noticed
us see that we react to them and like I
want them to know that we love them
that's all I really want yeah uh tweet
out to them tweet out to them and tell
them we love them tweet tweet our
reaction at them blow them even if they
just like it that way we'll know tweet
tweet our reactions at them just like
our video that way we'll know that they
like you know this us love team Loves
You Yes uh can I request a reaction
video sure drop request wherever you
want MC and mayward are also good
friends especially May May and at least
legit that's cool that's cool Sam sounds
like she has a cold hopefully they will
get abied what is that uh I'm a student
so meeting you to on summer will be good
I'll be down I'm down meet when the
thing about the summer you know when's
the best time to go to Philippines
during summer cuz all the students are
out of school so they can meet you too
but I'll you will
melt I mean I think I could I don't I
mean honestly how much worse is it than
Texas I mean I'm just going to like
throw it out there like Texas gets up to
like
105° fah with with heat index it gets
even way higher than that yeah and it's
humid and so like if we can deal with
Texas can we deal with the Philippines
in the
summer America doesn't have love teams
ain't that right you too um I mean they
don't call them love team they don't
call them love teams but like on our
shows and stuff like on Big Brother and
whatever they call them show an es yeah
show but like what about like brangelina
like what do they even called that like
I don't know it's not the same as like
mayward though because mayward like they
do things together and like they're kind
of like I think cuz like uh Brad pen and
Angelina Jolie they were already like
celebrities yeah like beforehand so when
they got together I don't know I don't
know I don't know we don't really have
an but I've definitely never heard of
the the term love team and I I love it I
think it's great yep but we're a love
team that's what's up um we just have
the same May is pronounced as my my see
I said that we talked about that but
people said we could say mayward so do I
still say my my but then
mayward I don't know my I need to know
it's kind of I guess like your name is
Josh but you say Joe Jo Sam Joe Sam
that's true that is true just to make it
easier that is true I don't
know
um super nice during the sum in
Philippine temperature reaches up to 105
to 1010 or 1010 110 common here that's
like what it is here yeah uh T py beig
by mayward and MC priest so do they sing
together is that what's up is that
what's up I want to know let me see this
I'm going to Google it oh oh maybe
not search Google all
right okay it's a oh it's a lyric video
is this one what else we got everybody's
yeah everybody's asking for that oh snap
there's like a legit music
video oh oh that's cool yeah we'll watch
this check this out add this to the list
add to upload we need to make uh a
May playlist because we're going to have
a bunch of
reactions to
me my freaking phone's going all right
TG um let's see guys what do you think
about us withdraw a Paris agreement um I
don't even know how to get into that at
8:14 in the morning
um yeah I'm not going to
get I that was a funny love team too
just like maywe hello hug Knuckles what
up milk what's up I like milk I like
that I like to drink you just real
straightforward it is very good milk um
it is breakfast time too milk's good in
breakfast time yes I love binge watching
you guys thank you I appreciate that I
appreciate anybody that comes and hangs
out watches our videos and just chills
with us because it's a fun time it's
always a fun time mhm um we are really
excited so also I guess fourth impact
has dropped a bunch of
videos um what I can't wait for Jo Sam
to have their own version of Baloo by
mewe hey we can try it we got we got a
learn be so terrible see somebody's
mentioned it right now fourth impact
released a mix session of unas the diva
today along with the music video so we
that's why we are amped on Fourth impact
today we're going to be watching both of
those videos super stoked about that
shout out to Kevin for for giving me
love I'm a marel hat I appreciate you um
I think Kevin was actually here with us
a couple hours ago when we live streamed
about 12 hours I follow Kevin on Twitter
yeah do you yep I I watch it I'm up I'm
watching you
um uh let's see I'll watch your video
every night thanks J pear so where is
Singapore like is that like Singapore is
Tha south of like like if you like go
the Philippines the islands of the
Philippines and then you go like down
it's like
down or is
that let me see
Malaysia that's where it is it's
attached to
Malaysia yeah see it's like
comes down to Malaysia and Singapore so
it's not far from go scroll over to the
rat just a little bit I'm
thinking are you thinking Indonesia and
no I was thinking of what's that one I
don't know what I'm thinking of guys
just ignore me was geography not a
strong subject actually I was really
good in geography rude Indonesia is the
next closest thing
really Taiwan is up here no whatever
this thing is is that New Zealand this
is all Indonesia oh my gosh just forget
it I'm obviously I don't know what I'm
talking about I love you
babe I love you so much this is New
Zealand where I spend a lot of time
studying this like the Philipp like map
of the Philippines too cuz I'm like
where can we go there's the Philippines
there's New Zealand that's super fun and
then it's also like there's like the
like dangerous areas or whatever so like
I've been looking at the maps of like
where it has like red zones where it's
like don't travel W also straight up do
you you hear about I was telling you
about what happened in Manila stay safe
out there people it's crazy stay safe
the world is a scary place it is
something ever happened to one of you
guys I would like freaking cry
forever uh please ad hello cover game
from Thailand please hold up let me let
me check this out let
me do reactions now so Jen the only
reason we don't do reactions in live
stream is just cuz stuff gets flagged
yeah and then the live stream gets
flagged and then it's a big pain in also
like sometimes whenever we do reactions
like we want to be able to post them to
the channel exactly and it's really a
pain to like have to go in and cut it
and make it not look weird that we're
like just doing it like we're just like
without the intro without like talking
about any kind of conversation about it
really yeah yep um my's name is in is
pronounced literally as mayay although
when paired with Edward's name mayward
is pronounced as May word okay see but
Ma y to us is pronounced like May both m
y and me are both may the month of May
is ma y exactly and the will you be
posting a new um uh mayw reaction today
it'll be tonight for us which will be
tomorrow morning in the Phils morning
yes right so when you wake up yeah wait
no no
because unless we post it in the a.m.
then it'll be night for them I don't
know it depends how we post it but there
will be one up in in a couple hours 24
hours within like 10 hours probably 10
to 12 hours word or no cuz that's 8:00
it'll be up before midnight I'm like
cool it'll be up sometime yes yes yes
there will be one it's very difficult
with the time uh any plans for your
birthday Sam so my birthday is this
month and it is June 24th and we are
playing with the idea of doing like a
really long live stream um or for two
really long live streams like for
morning and then the nighttime something
along those lines just to like kind of
hang out with you guys because honestly
it's like the happiest thing in my life
is hanging out with you guys and that's
honestly how I would want to spend my
birthday so um from tooy pin that's the
where they break up in the mcdo
commercial that's Elise from
mle I didn't know that oh crap um you
guys know more Filipino artists than me
I me here in the Philippines I know some
artists cuz of your reaction videos that
makes me feel good though yeah see
honestly like that's what we love like
we love bringing like more eyes to these
amazing artist yeah ears whatever just
because like there's a lot of people out
there that are so talented and they
deserve so much more recognition and if
we can help that at all like that's
awesome uh hi s and Josh mayward loves
caps like you do love you guys you're a
cool couple thanks Beth yes I'm also
glad that they like caps uh I heard hug
Knuckles used to dance and he danced
good right why not should try to do a
dance video reaction I'd totally be down
a lot of people talked about
um jabber walkies what the heck's that
it's like a dance crew people talked
about that um hope you can watch H asop
live when you visit I would love to go I
think that'd be legit my gosh
yes
uh please react to Zia's mom Zaza Padia
thinking out out loud I heard that her
mom was a singer I knew that her mom was
a singer can you play say please say
scening I saying you saying I don't know
which one's right I I don't know it's
right either but I just said scringy cuz
I thought that you knew I don't know
that's the way I that's my I'm just
going to say I saying I bet it ising
honestly my go I catch you well thank
you for coming Evo we appreciate
you appreciate you um Sam Sam Sam Sam
McCoy in there part two and McCoy is in
there okay so is McCoy the dude that
she's with in the second one remember he
comes back and she's with another guy oh
yeah is that him is that the the mick of
M I need to
know I need to know it needs to be in my
life you need to tell me fun fact June
24th is a feast here in the Philippines
of St John the Baptist is when water
festival is celebrated by throwing water
to everyone in a parade by the way happy
birthday I want to be in the Philippines
for my birthday that'd be cool that'd be
legit that's like freaking amazing guys
who pronounced it right was it me or Sam
was it scr or is it
scr I need to know someone needs to tell
us cuz Carol said yes it's it's scringy
but you just said the same word so it
didn't tell me whose
pronunciation
right uh yay my comment love you more
I'm Filipino but I work here in
Singapore I'd love to go to Singapore
too actually I know I want to go to like
everywhere I want to go to Dubai I want
to go buy so bad please do a mukbang for
Red Ribbon bake shop sister company of
Jollibee we're going to go back we're
going to check it out the other thing is
do y'all want to see us go back to
Jollibee because we there's things that
we didn't try at Jollibee and I also
yeah Jos ay right
[Music]
okaying SC okay so anyway SC we should
we we need to make a scringy r anyway oh
we
should a we want to go back uh
to I want to say Chick-fil-A to Jollibee
I got Chick-fil-A chickfila breakfast I
would love Chick-fil-A breakfast and we
got time to get Chick-fil-A breakfast
but we a got money to get chick oh we
goty
um speaking of do you want to buy our
shirts yeah oh yeah snap we have a
t-shirt um that we made check it out
this is if you watch our videos you know
our catchphrase as always by my side hot
Sam hot and uh today youall can buy this
shirt uh you can always have hotsam by
your side it's available at
teespring.com hotsam hot and uh so
that's over there we uh we we said a lot
of people asked for a t-shirt for quite
a while yeah and I said we wouldn't make
merch until we hit over 50,000
subscribers um so we decided uh you know
we we'd toss one up now there were over
50,000 subscribers for 50,000 actually
somebody her name is um
levosa name is makes kind you yeah Harry
Potter but um but basically she made
this little design up for us and we put
it on t-shirt so uh Eva said I'm 42 in
my three ladies are watching right now
they said happy bday Sam you two are hug
my youngest daughter said age 13 thank
you thank you hopefully on my I was like
really I can't say thank you for your
happy birthday but she's my wife and you
know the better half of our love team
yes of course you know so the better
half the better half uh we just had
chicken for dinner I want some freaking
spicy uh I want some spicy chicken Joy
again I Chow King mukbang too I don't
think there's a chiao King near us
anywhere I think I looked it up I think
the closest one uh was in
California I remember those other ones
can teesprings ship to the Philippines
yeah but I think it's like a little bit
I think it's like 10 bucks or something
 um yeah there's none there's no
Chow King that's anywhere near us
closest one's Las Vegas yeah Jinx show
me
soda I got water I was like you can have
my Coke Zero wild um my daughter also
wants to go to Dubai only because she
thinks we can have a tiger is a pet well
the reason you wanted to go was because
the palm tree Islands yeah there's like
an island with a bunch of palm trees I
watched it on some like how like marvels
of the world are made or
whatever and it just basically I watched
this documentary on how they were made
cuz I'm so into that kind of stuff I
also watched a documentary on how the
Hoover Dam was made like right outside
Las Vegas and we actually went there
this last summer and I was just like
absolutely amazed just because like it
is Al so cool cool seeing how
something's made and then actually going
there and seeing it for yourself and
seeing how big it is and just like just
thinking about it like I get like
Goosebumps all over again it was like
just so amazing to see it so yeah um
shout out to everybody who's favored and
retweeted our uh tweet about this live
stream shout out we got a lot of retweet
um so let's see what's going on Dave
says hi hello um but we would love to go
Chia King maybe one day uh we can get
over to Las Vegas go hang out with our
friend Pierre we have a friend out there
who's a friend of the channel yes um oh
s n thank you very much we talked about
you emailing us appreciate you for
emailing us some uh mayward information
as well
mhm uh hoping that you put it in prayer
for the safety of our country we were
just talking about that a little bit ago
uh there's a lot of stuff going on out
there in the fils there's a lot of stuff
Happening Here in the US the world's a
crazy place you guys got to stay safe um
and you know we're definitely praying
for Manila we're praying for uh you know
Mari uh and we're praying for uh the
Philippines in general um but it was
pretty crazy you know that also the
earthquake there was another there was
another earthquake so you know even a
lot of stuff Mother Earth coming next
yeah exactly so be safe guys which
actually pray for us cuz I think there's
a tropical storm coming towards us like
a freaking hurricane or something let me
check the weather channel I know it's
coming up through the gulf remember and
it's like yeah some lady at my work too
is saying she's going to the beach this
weekend or something suay Monday and
Tuesday is all storms and stuff coming
through so it's going pretty crazy um I
don't remember what it was called though
what I've heard is pretty intense I'm
not sure I love how guys you how you
guys are active in the Stream chats love
Lots from the Philippines and everywhere
you guys are lit thank you uh let see
thanks milk when will barcel a love
Untold kathil be up um that was one of
the other uh love teams that people have
mentioned was kathil let me add that to
our list here um oh Josh you're so
sweet I don't know what to say to that
I'm bad at like people giving me
compliments me too actually I'm pleas
please please react to the Cure audio by
Lady Gaga love you guys you both amazing
Joseph Jose thank you mix let me take a
pick of that too my biggest thing is I
take pcks of the chat with like this
little program that I have and uh it
makes it oh I don't think I got it you
didn't get it oh hey that still works
okay um
do there we go okay I'm going to
Philippines on Monday join me wish we
could but we can't
yeah um 13 most killing moments of mayw
reaction please that will be up soon we
will have that I don't know if that's
one we're doing today but it is one that
we are doing cuz I know that's one that
uh quite a few people had sent us pray
for the world yeah pretty much pray for
the whole world cuz everybody needs
it straight up um hot I love the way you
smile it's contagious a hey you messing
up my
mascara Jo Sam um I hope you can attend
May's concert this June 21st I wish I
could go what's marvar I've never heard
is that another love team I've never
heard of them I'm not entirely sure what
that is uh where is Jo Sam live we live
outside of Austin Texas in the
US that's what's up um damn are they
living in the
Philippines no I wish we we've talked
about um you know hopefully if the
channel keeps going the way it's going
um and we can make this more sustainable
the way that it is we talked about
potentially going and living in the
Philippines for like 6 months or
something seeing what's going down yeah
we've we actually talked about doing
like a lot of like traveling and like
living 6 months here 6 months here 6
months here kind of thing and just
making videos you know taking the
computer with us everywhere we go kind
of thing so that's the dream that's the
dream um cuz also we really
love um you know will dasovich and we
watch like his travel Vlogs and stuff
and we really really want um to start
posting our Vlogs and things we've we've
done travels around the US and stuff
like that you know we don't we don't
really do a lot in our daily lives other
than like YouTube stuff so it's kind of
weird vlogging but sometimes we do some
fun things um closer chains smus freeing
H Hy with Tom uh featuring beer I want
to do that CU Tom is the dude from a
mass singer oh really he's durian oh
cool so I want to check that out shout
out to ma'am um but yeah so we thought
about posting um some of Vlogs we're
figuring out how to do that I think what
we're going to do and this is what we
talked about okay
is y'all voted cuz we have like a
thousand votes on our Poll for a love
team name that's why we're Joe Sam Jo
Sam Jo Sam um
but we thought about making our official
Vlog Channel The Joe Sam Channel cuz it
would be like our love team Channel yeah
and so basically on there we would post
just like more like behind the scenes
stuff of our life our Channel like a lot
of you want to see like an apartment
tour which I mean
I mean I'm down I unboxings like our fan
mail so um if y'all think that's a good
idea let us know if yall want to see
more stuff of us from behind the scenes
other than reaction videos that's
probably what we're going to do if you
want to see it let us know let us know
and also if you want cuz we have like
I've said this before um a lot of trip
footage that we took from a vacation we
took this last summer and we really want
to like start going through that editing
that footage and posting it somewhere
but I'm like where do we post it so that
might be where that
goes M JC uh let's
see may we be in Singapore coming August
5th for their concert that's my birthday
that's your birthday see all these
concerts are happening around our
birthdays that's my birthday people uh
from what country is Jo we are from the
us mayward is going to London London by
July with KZ wow I'd be totally down
with that yes Jo Sam Channel page yay
yeah I'll be all about it um I watch you
guys for 4 hours streight guys of my
pets love you guys so much I have fun
watching uh you guys I love you guys
thanks mix uh thumbs up to that seems
like people would be totally down um
thank you for praying for the
Philippines hey sometimes people need
prayers you know the world's crazy crazy
place so what is what is Mayor doing
with KZ in London is there like a
concert yeah but like I'm saying
like having a concert in London does he
sing by himself self I don't
know not sure my eyes are watering are
you crying cuz you're sad we can't go
the Philippines yeah I'm like so sad I
want to go and do whatever they were
talking about where they throw water on
you for my
birthday that sounds like fun I don't
want to get the throw water on me for
your birthday that just sounds fun I
don't know like a little Festival like a
feast it's for John the Baptist oh I for
baptism it's the Water festival for John
the Baptist
oh it's like for baptism but they said
you get to eat a lot of
food right she's like but they said food
food a feast right or Fiesta I don't
remember yeah I just want to eat a lot
of food
um mavy and mayward of friends so that's
another group Another Love team that we
need to see so okay so that's cool all
the love teams are friends so we're a
love team so they're are friends just by
default daily vlog for joam channel
daily Vlogs I don't know about that yet
maybe at one point we can get Vlogs hope
soon uh keep doing what you love guys
live the dream you're so similar uh with
m in that aspect myi in that aspect
nothing's impossible she always says
that you know and you know what somebody
in our in our live stream earlier said
like the way to get people to watch your
Vlogs is just make more Vlogs and I'm
just like that's just so straightforward
and like I needed to hear that
honestly I'm supposed to finish my
transcription job because I have a
deadline tomorrow and I have three more
hours of audio to go then I saw a
notification you went live so later
job to J we love you don't lose your job
though oh yeah don't lose your job I
think beer Queens having a concert in
California they I think they finished
their California ones cuz morat went to
Las Vegas afterwards pretty what's your
Twitter account these are our accounts
and Instagram Snapchat Knuckles that are
things that's that's what we do that's
where we're at where's your cat she
asleep I don't know where she's
at I don't know probably in the other
room getting into stuff it's morning so
she shees laying on my side of the bed
not all love teens are friends though
see I would imagine that cuz big brother
makes just as many enemies as friends
that's
true that's what I love but we're we're
we're the nice love team just like
everyone else that we're talking about
in this chat so we don't want to we
don't we don't want no beef we don't
want no beef with nobody we just want be
friend exactly we just want to love and
be loved the Fest and pH are Food Fest
everyone aim to have a food coma exactly
that's what I said I I want to go that's
they also uh did that to me earlier
because it's my birthday today happy
birthday Dan but not water it's an egg
hopefully not ballute yeah hopefully not
ballute um mayward is a very talented
love team you'd be surprised at what
they could do I probably wouldn't be
surprised cuz I imagine they could do a
whole lot yeah yeah um shout out to my
fellow fans of kathel jadine Liz Queen
mccl and many more there's so many love
teams we need to check out um since
you're reacting to some Korean Subs
after the kathil reaction I requested um
you should react to Legend of the blue
sea a Korean romcom series people have
told us to um react to like K dramas and
stuff yeah we totally should but do they
all have like English subs yeah cuz I
don't know if I'd want to watch like a
whole like
movie or something without like KN
understanding what's although I have
really I watched like French foreign
film and stuff that had no English upts
I think I think I we did actually greet
Morrisette with a happy birthday in her
live stream she I don't think she
noticed but we did go in her live stream
and told her do you love dogs too yes I
actually have a dog uh in Illinois
thousand miles away it lives with my
parents named Diva and it actually looks
just like K's dog yeah my dog and KZ dog
could be like twinsies and KY like if
you've been in her live stream she has
like Marvel stuff on her wall me and KY
I feel like we're very similar yeah BFFs
BFFs um let's see please check out Liz
Queen is Liz Queen all or Liz Quinn is
it also from um big brother if you're in
the Philippines can I go see you guys
yeah I mean yeah sure of course totally
uh kramas are popular here in the
Philippines hey I want to check it out I
want to check it out I we're definitely
going to do the uh the 13 most killing
moments um strong woman weightlifting
fairy what also did you
know hot Sam hot Sam
herself is a texus state champion
powerlifter yes she's so strong you
should find a picture and show them
she's strong what uh how did I find it
on Facebook go to my old Twitter which
is a
secret um
yes and then go to my media I got to
find it find
here and it's going to scroll all the
way pretty much down all the way to the
bottom how about that bck oh no no no no
leave me that all right read comments
I'm looking for this so we're not like
um tomorrow with you my favorite krama
this
year um that's what I like about
philarmonic is amazing like I will say
like they were super cool I really like
them and they actually commented on our
video and they tweeted us so that was
cool um one more chance watch one more
chance is that also another K drama yes
they do have Legend of blue SE only has
one what was this one let's see if we
can um YouTu react this was a little
this was a pick of Sam and my niece when
she was very very little when she was a
little a little baby a little babab
she's older now and has hair and what
she's my niece now too y well at that
time she was just my niece W Sam that's
awesome says mil oh thank
you I thought that was a picture of you
at first W thanks um let's see I for you
oh okay here we go so this is a picture
of
Sam it has like a quote on it and stuff
cuz she messed it up
but you said it yourself you don't have
a version of it that doesn't have you uh
in the quote or whatever all right there
we go so this is a picture of
Sam doing a power
lift check that
out oh maybe there we go look at
that look at that look at the
determination in that face though look
at the determination in that face though
look at that face we're we're going to
look that dude behind me who he look at
that face though he's taking out that
booty he's like that booty D that was
whenever I was much Slimmer that booty D
that dude was checking it out he like I
need to know that dude's name CU don't
fart on me he's like don't fart on me um
yeah legit super
anyway um weightlifting okay um watch
strong woman that's awesome and never
boring hot Sam why you so pretty I don't
know why you so pretty now I'm just why
are you so pretty now made me that way
why you so pretty though I don't know
why you're so pretty but you are um yes
uh oh snap is murder A Bird's birthday
too cool so many birthdays dashy well
chat chat's going so fast now I can't I
couldn't see is Dashy up in y just woke
up after being awake for 22 hours so s y
shout out to dashy dashy up in here we
load dashy wow Sam um let's see what we
got here super Sam pull this back go
there we
go who Sam you're also a weightlifting
F that is true Billy that is true um I
love you too I'm so happy I caught you
live tomorrow is my birthday please
greet me happy birthday tomorrow so many
birthdays happy birthday yeah we got our
Phil's flag back here what up um we had
a story about that one the the way they
made it like it was set at War so we had
to like rip it instead of I'm like why
did you do this to us what year was that
powerlifting pick what 2010 2010 20101 7
years ago um good morning good evening
to everybody up in
here top 13 kilig moments of mayward is
a highly requested video definitely be
doing that we'll definitely be doing
that in in the near future it'll
probably be done today um I feel bad cuz
dashy just came in and I'm like we're
about to end our live stream I know bye
Sam Sam's got to work in a couple hours
so we're going to have to end it here uh
pretty soon every loves Star Wars I love
Star Wars I'm a huge Star Wars fan I
used to actually have never seen Star
Wars up until like a couple years ago
yep and that's just cuz you forced me to
watch I did too we watched all of them
yeah um I I like the robots the best I
feel like we would have a lot of fun
together if we got to hang out with uh
with mayward I feel like we would have a
lot of fun with them yeah we can't leave
now there's 0 of you folk in here yeah I
mean that was really Southern to you
that's up to you if I ever say some
stuff and you're like yo Sam what did
you just say you need just tell me that
way I know what I love you guys know
more knowing you are pet lovers I have
24 dogs okay so let me tell you let me
tell you a story let me tell you a
secret about me that I don't know if I
ever told you this I don't know if I
ever told you this when I was a little
kid my dream was to be able to buy a
house big enough that I could just fill
it full of dogs and I would have all
these little tiny dogs that would live
me that was like my dream my whole life
as a little child I watched this video
like years ago and it was like this this
guy I think he had like like some like a
mental problem um and he had like a
house full of cats and he made tunnels
and stuff from room to room and like you
could like they could walk through the
walls and like there was like slides and
like little like it's like trees you
know all over the house and he made it
himself and he like lived by himself
with his cats and I was like that is me
one day I aspire to be this guy I want
to build stuff like tunnels through and
like secret passageways for our cats
like thousands of them got lucky we got
lucky with our cat cuz our cats like a
dog like you know I've told you about
this I want to open like a place where
you you know they're they have them
where you get to like lay and like sit
with cat is like drink coffe the cat Fe
the cat Fe the Kofi Fe and there's
not my gosh and there's you know what
that would be an awesome like freaking
coffee shop name kofifi
kofifi but yeah just because there's not
one in Austin and I Scott Smith said
sleep is a poor substitute for coffee
and I thought Scott said sleep is a
prostitute thought that's what I read I
was like that's a new one I've never
heard that I've never heard that before
all right uh tiny dog house soulmates
I'm going back to bed Josh I'll get back
to you out all right later Dash have a
good night or morning yeah have a good
sleep bye-bye have a have a good not
being awake time you would have lots of
fun with mayward they're very friendly
people and have a good sense of humor I
really want to meet them one day that's
what be like I want to meet like so many
people I want to meet all of our people
that watch us I want to meet KZ I want
to meet Mora set I want to
meet I want to meet Katrina valard I
want to meet everybody I want to meet
everybody that's what I want to meet
yeah you I want to meet you oh dang
it did I get it NOP pimping the sleep
got the same room after 101 Dalmations
LOL oh my God my eyes are closing love
you all love you dashy we we'll talk to
you later bye-bye pimp in the sleep
please greet me what's up Rocky yeah
straight up Kevin is 100% right 1001
Dalmations was like cuz that was all
about that I was all about the 101
Dalmatian life and like I had the toys
and everything well I had like two of
the Dalmations but I felt like I had
them all yeah and I was like I thought
it was a cool thing I don't know and
then I've watched videos there's like
videos where um I think it's like people
who just raise puppies like breeders and
they like all these tiny little like
fluffy little Pomeranians or something
and they'll like open open the door and
they all like flood in the house I'm
like Oh my dreams all of my
dreams but I couldn't handle it
definitely though the Siberian Husky
like that's like our Dream dog that's
our Dream dog well I wanted a palom sky
yeah palsky you know what a Pomsky looks
like a palm sky and we also really want
a um palm skis are cute what's the why
it's a be like a corgi uh corgy or
something check this dog and tell me
this is not like the coolest freaking
dog on the planet where is it where is
it oh it's over here yeah there we go a
find where the pictures are that is like
the cutest little dog okay this is a
palom sky it's a Pomeranian and a
Siberian Husky it is like the freaking
cutest dog in the world I want one I
want 12 I want them all adorbs my heart
two adorbs for all adorbs ORS um I
freaking want one so bad uh what what we
got here corgi husky mix what is that
what do they call it see that looks like
Z to me
yeah Z is from Ruby this uh this like
anime show that we watch on the channel
we have lots of reactions to it because
it is a great show it is absolutely
amazing you should go watch it um let's
see let Notice Me Senpai what's up Neil
you are
noticed have noticed you uh good night J
have a good night uh are you guys giving
lit reactions every time I S on your
reaction videos no I'm one of your
subscribers hope you guys will reach a
million Subs I wish we will that would
be awesome straight up though like I
want to hit 100,000 so bad just cuz I
want the silver play button one day is
there any chance you come to London this
July y'all think we just got it like
that people like oh will you will you be
real with you July we will not be able
to pay our rent yeah so we're not not
sure where we're going to be we don't
know where we're going to be uh I hope
you could join mayward and fans get
together someday hopefully first time to
have a chat on live stream at least on
this channel thank jazz jazz thanks for
coming out we appreciate having you um
let's see May is so crazy you will enjoy
them I I think we would I really do
that's why I like them so much what's
your Twitter our twitters are hot samand
and hug Knuckles yeah that's where we're
at um you can add me on Facebook so you
can see the picks and vids man I totally
want to see freaking animals I love like
I love watching animal videos I know
like that's what I'm all about I watch
my Stu all the time that's like one of
my favorite things to do send us
pictures and our private messaging on
Facebook our Facebook page our Facebook
page hit us up yeah uh let's see it's a
little disappointed that your reaction
videos are not good reactions like
before dang Manny what's different
different why why are they not good
reactions like before I would like to
know what has changed um let's see
please react to sh telling you when she
was young from a Korean oh I saw that I
did see that chusky is cool as all mix
of chow chow and husky let me look this
up
Chow by the way do you two want to go to
place have been based on my Facebook
profile pics yes oh my God this is such
a cute little dog I don't know why I'm
whispering but it's so freaking door oh
my God it's like it's so cute you Can't
Scare it oh my God it's so cute I have
to keep like making new brackets every
time oh snap that's not what I want to
move
okay boom look at that look at that look
how cute this freaking dog is oh my God
I'm losing my mind why are you so
cute that SS cute I want 12 I want 13
and a half I don't I don't want a half a
dog um my P I'm very tired I'm starting
to get super tired um let's see probably
the video you're watching is not that
good what was that oh Jen deleted it um
J probably the video you're watching is
not that good hey we can't we can't
decide that yeah what's requested so
video ain't good it ain't good that's
just what's up y'all request videos
request good videos yeah and we will
straight what videos would you like uh
check out Alaskan cley are just going to
spin this stream now just looking at
different dogs wow Filipino flag in the
back heck
yes got me hooked with
cats oh wow this Little Dude Looks chill
I'm totally down with this boom where we
at is just awesome I'm done with this
dude he looks like he has like a human
face he looks like kind of scary
honestly he looks like he has a human
face I don't know like I feel like he
looks like a friend I used to have I
don't know if I trust that dog he looks
like he's up to something I know he is
cute though I feel he's cute but I feel
like a little scared of
him that's true with a lot of things
though why I don't know I just that
little bitty puppy we just looked at was
like a little ball of fur yeah I
wouldn't be scared of that I want to
show you my pug right now but he's
sleeping I love pugs too they're cute I
like animals in general I have a shirt
with a Pug on it and I wear to work a
lot uh the thing I like about your
reactions is you spend a good amount of
time after really talk about reaction
Channel thank you Neil um we really want
to make sure that we have um a lot of
good commentary we want to make sure
that we're we're telling you exactly
what we're thinking about how we feel
cuz that's that's the whole experience
so reaction video isn't just sit there
and be like oh that's cool yeah that's
good all right bye like we want to be
like this is what this is the emotion we
went through this is why we feel that
way what day where like we weren't
really feeling something and we like we
said it you know like we're not going to
like just
yeah 107 what's Magic 107 is that
another uh radio station dang girl
pardon me that burp
though um Magic 10 the thing I like
about your reactions is you okay you
just read that sorry hot Sam says Ruby
what's why
you is Magic 107 is that just wish wish
is
107 I think is that what they're talking
about I don't know they talking about um
I think you're missing some really good
videos on
Magic the real good singers would not
feature it on your channel I don't know
um let Point them out to us tell us
exactly which ones where my Filipinos at
more Julian and Sarah G of course yeah
definitely we're going to have Sarah G I
think another one coming up today yes
LOL you just straight up described some
of the other channels I've seen yeah I'm
not a fan of that um and I try to not be
negative about other reaction channels
there's some that are super good that
even I watch that I'm all about um
because I feel like as a community it's
not like an Us Versus Them thing for the
most part some people try to make it at
US versus anything um but I feel like
when one of us succeeds all of us
succeed because y'all want to see
reactions y'all are here to see other
people appreciating the things you love
or talking about the things you love
that's why I watch reaction videos um so
it's not like it's like you get to watch
the video with someone else exactly and
that's cool especially you know uh being
someone that like when we moved here I
don't have any friends here I don't know
anybody who lives here um so it's like
having that uh relationship with y'all
it's kind of like I'm able to hang out
with you guys like right now we're in
this live stream there's been hundreds
of people that have come through this
live stream and it's just a lot of fun
to like be able to have this
yeah super amazing I had an internal bit
I'm like are you like what are you doing
I had an internal
bir um I like your reactions to ky's
videos so do I legit see then that's
another thing like see we've done we
love KY a lot we've done wish reactions
for how long and never knew it was
called Magic one of set yeah I never
have heard actually have they
said I don't think I've ever heard that
I mean I don't think I've ever heard
that um I love animals that's why I took
veterinary medicine but unfortunately
wasn't able to finish all have you guys
seen the other channel two guys doing
nothing St at the M they react to your
video yes every time you see those
videos you should report them yes you
should report them to get taken down
because it's just a pain um where your
friends Josh and Samantha I know Jen we
love you I'm just saying like I don't
have any friends here in Texas like I I
have nobody here um to hang out with Sam
ass some friends
um about me I'm friend well I'm like
you're your best friends are now like
pretty much my best friends yeah because
it's like that's my only friends here
but I don't have any friends that are
like my friends like that I made
here I like how you're just looking at
me like you're sad it's okay I to do you
know morette owns snakes oh okay she
raises crocodiles okay I wish some me
you're just messing with me cuz I'm like
what that's crazy I was like crocodiles
is kind of crazy snakes though a lot of
people my God you just twisted us and
like I love your reaction videos keep
doing what you're doing appreciate you
Ruby thank you I watch all your videos
thank you
loan the wings of love trailer has
ending has English sub oh James brother
cool react to uh Brian Chong's of voice
scenes Philippine blind audition but the
song is in talog we listen to a lot of
songs in talog but the thing is we will
not do any voice teens Philippines uh
reactions on this channel because we
actually got a copyright strike when we
did one um so we won't be doing any more
of those on the channel Channel but what
we will do is I think we're going to put
those up on the
Philippines
um derill I see what you're talking
about in chat we don't really want to
talk about we did talk about praying for
the Philippines a while ago and praying
for the world there's a lot of crazy
stuff going out there we're just trying
to keep the the positivity going yes
react to the Philippine love teams very
popular in Philippines cuz it's so
killing and then lots of food because
I'm very hungry through your channel I
get to know other YouTubers well that's
good that's the way to do it that's the
way to do it um I'm a bigan of Sam she's
so beautiful a thanks that's why I
picked
her um we're all your friends Josh thank
you P I appreciate
leosa shout out to levosa for did you
see that we put your your design on a
shirt as always
buan
H and today you can buy this shirt on
teespring.com
hotsam hotam and the other the other
design that you made we're actually
saving it for whenever we get closer to
going to the Philippines that way people
can get shirts and it could help us like
raise money we're try to try to raise
some money to get to the fills yes I
just saw that Jamie actually it came
through on my phone so I did I just saw
it you're all good derill we appreciate
you you know uh uh reaching out and we
understand we understand it's a scary
time and people are feeling some scary
things um we absolutely you know we get
that we we live in a constancy of Terror
um and it's crazy the things that happen
in the world but you know what we got to
just keep moving on the uh the best way
to fight it to fight all the scary
things in the world is to keep a smile
and and not let it take your joy not let
it take uh your life away and and that's
what defeats the darkness light will
defeat the darkness yes so you need to
make sure that you do that yes um let's
see what's up Brian Stella hot Stella is
our kitty who's our little kitty if you
look at our our starting soon screen
she's right there or you can look at our
be right back screen she's right there
or you can watch a lot of our older
videos because she when she was a baby
and cared about being up Micha how you
doing
today followed us on Brian wanted to
shout out so what's up good night uh L
said yes I so excited when I saw also I
uh retweeted it and gave uh her shout oh
yeah of course so you probably got the
notification he
what's your real name hug Knuckles his
real name
is Josh yeah that's why Joe Sam Jo and
Sam Joe Sam also if you're just joining
us now we're actually thinking about
making um our Joe
Sam YouTube YouTube channel that has
like our Vlogs gon to have like a vlog
and I'm going to I'm I'm like wanting to
maybe think about doing it more than a
weekly vlog like maybe like just like a
vlog when we do stuff y um yeah so we'll
see um okay real quick I do want to
cover this for drill So I responded and
talked about light defeating darkness
and drill says does this save lives so
it may not seem like it does but it
really does because the people that are
conflicted the people that do the bad
things the people that that create the
scared moments for everybody else they
need love they need the light yeah so by
you spreading your light it takes the
darkness out of other people you don't
know who you affect on a daily basis we
have no idea the impact not just us I'm
talking everybody in general we have no
idea the impact we have on other
people's lives every single day one kind
word could be the difference in
someone's life you just don't know so
every single day you got to be the light
you got to be the change you want to see
in the world and you say does this save
lives I say yes I fully
absolutely of I fully absolutely believe
it does save lives more than you will
ever know more than I will ever know um
but you got to just you got to stay
positive you got to have hope you got to
believe you got to have faith um and
just be the light be the change you want
to see and love love love love
everything you do in the world you have
to do it with love hi joam what up Stacy
how you doing um I had two snakes and
they die I guess Satan wants his pets
back we talked about it
another um we talked about in another
live stream where here in Texas they
have like this thing called the
rattlesnake roundup where there's just a
bunch of snakes and people go hang out
with them and it's super creepy and I
don't like it um let's see hi Jenna milk
says leosa y'all chilling milk's in here
a lot just followed you on Twitter
that's how I say it I Twitter U Camp
time having dinner I want breakfast I'm
starving thank you Jose for the love y
mayward um let's see spread love that's
what's up uh where there is love there
is hope for real for real spread the
love spread positivity 100% that's what
it's all about that's that's that's what
this channel is about that's what our
our love team our Joe Sam love team
that's what we're about yep that's
what's up and I think that's what may
word's about too cuz they're a lot of
fun yeah they are a lot you might want
to do vlogs on this channel too more
content will get your subs quickly to
100K the thing is though I don't feel
like everybody wants to see the Vlogs
and also if this channel goes down
because we have a copyright strike I
don't want to lose all our Vlogs I don't
want like that's a totally different
subject totally different topic it's
something different um and I feel like
we would have more ability to do
different things on a channel that's
just like our behind the scenes Channel
our Vlogs and and different things that
we do um with our lives I feel like
having it separate might be might be
better
mhm
hello Joe Sam knuckles I just think you
two are beautiful and more beautiful
together more power to you both love
from davo City to Texas thank you we
love you I'm like Frozen like in fear
thinking of this 15t python I've seen a
lot 15 foot py
no no a skeleton of a 20 foot no I'm
terrified of s guys like so afraid
no we'd love if you do vlogs just like
when you ate a jelly be or anything to
raise awareness legit yes um I'll wait
for Barcelona I love Untold trailer um
hey I think I got a picture of that I'm
Prett sure let me make sure I get
another picture of that just in
case Bam um I Shi joam so much yeah you
know what our fans are called the
Knuckleheads the
Knuckleheads uh spread the positive vies
spread the love it's more fun here in
the Philippines most of the Filipinos
are always smiling to keep on smiling
got to do it got to keep on smiling I
love your love team thank you Ruby 10:01
p.m. it's 9:02 a.m. here I just wondered
Josh why do you keep wearing two hats at
the same time um I don't know I wanted
to do something that was different I two
chain wear two chains I wanted to do
something that was just me something
that I do it's something that's like you
know when you see it you're like that's
hug Knuckles that's Josh his name is
Josh AKA hug Knuckles AKA two hats AKA
Thug knuckles okay biscuits and gravy on
the side yeah sausage um
bacon J not a big fan of spiders
oh I can't handle I have Arachnophobia
so bad it's so bad guys it's annoying
walking he'll be like they'll be like
this little bitty bump on him and he'll
be like I think it's a spider bite they
are spider BS you just don't know you
don't know no it's a pimple or maybe put
your daily Vlogs on your Facebook page
good luck to whatever is the best suit
see like I'm I'm not very good at
Facebook I don't Facebook very much I
live on Twitter yeah but I don't really
do uh very well on Facebook for some
reason Sam when will you allow Josh to
watch your love story vid will you ever
Okay so we've talked about me doing a
reaction to the Love Story video yeah
because he hasn't seen
it and I keep wondering when he's going
to do it but I keep telling him too like
he has to do it when I'm not here
exactly which we're normally always here
uh or you're always here flying spiders
is just don't even say flying
spiders we got to show people this you
got to show people this oh yeah so Sam
was coming home the other day and this
is what she saw this doesn't even do it
justice at all get the one with the
little bitty the female one
which one which one this one yeah okay
this is what she saw this is what was
hanging out outside our apartment oh
snap I can't even look at it guys make
it smaller oh snap the wrong one all
right let's make it smaller and then
let's check this thing out check this
check this thing out it's called a doson
flly yeah do you want to hang out with
that does that look fun to you and it
looks kind of smaller here but it's
actually like actually it's like about 2
in long as the one that I saw very
big and gross um but yeah so that
happened and then I thought there was
one in the house but it wasn't if you Jo
F factor and they let me touch
roads I'll quit
L um you could watch Spider-Man right I
love watching Spider-Man and you know
Spider-Man Actually I feel like helps me
with my Arachnophobia but not enough um
keep doing the way how you react to
videos love your candid reactions 100%
keeping a 100 all the time thanks for
answer my question Josh give me a shout
out please been a subscriber since
August last year I believe shout out to
LM we I started this channel in July of
last year that long word I can't even
think of Naka oh this AR Arachne from a
cranial philophobia is that like a fear
of a um spider getting inside of your
head Flawless like inside of your ear or
something did you say it right are you
sure I have no idea
I have no clue wow um guess I didn't
want to see that it looks like an alien
bug all right have a good night Dan
bye-bye in the Philippines we eat that
no y'all don't cuz I watch videos about
Filipino food all the time cuz ien I'm
going to eat street food I'm all about
it I'm all I'm going to hit up that ququ
I'm going to hit up I'm not going to hit
up that Ballo but I'm going to hit up
that freaking uh denan denin what's that
it's the pork blood to I want to try it
I want to try out some uh some Esau I
want to try out there's a lot of stuff I
want to try out I'm going hit it up I'm
going hit it up all
day um Mahal Sam I do love Sam mahita
Sam I do love Sam um let's see anything
but cockroach yeah I know cockroach is
not cool yeah cockroach cockroach is not
cool cockroaches spiders bugs not a fan
not a big fan chasing I just tweeted you
guys picture go check it out after the
picture we just shared I don't know if I
want to see any other pictures Hello
Jose I'm from
men no I don't like it that's photosho
don't like it I don't that has to be
photoshopped I don't like it I don't
like it please don't live in my dreams
that has to be photoshopped right shout
out to Michael rord I don't like it I
don't like it I don't like it I don't
like it I don't like like it they can't
be real I don't like it I'm so afraid
right now I'm going to like it because
you tweeted it to me and I appreciate it
I think but I don't like it just like
have not liked it cuz it's not even lack
like I don't like it is there a dislike
button I'm going to throw up a little
bit cuz my fear like it's on the top of
my freaking timeline people tweet so it
goes down timeline help me
um let's see uh how about Ballo probably
not
Dinan if I eat B it'll be like a weak
one uh if roaches and spiders are
extinct I wouldn't care I agree yeah
yeah Den uan it's a pork blood stew that
has like pork pieces and also whatever I
don't know how I feel about that either
um I'm not a big fan por said good I
think they also call it chocolate but
you know I'm not a fan of pork call
chocolate pork meat is kind of gross
you're not a big fan of chocolate either
though uh they're very important in the
cycle of Life man people always tell me
that I should like spiders cuz they kill
uh mosquitoes and other like things yeah
same thing with bees you know I used to
be like oh man bees but then all of a
sudden you know you watch the Bee Movie
and then you have like this heart for
bees now do you believe in aliens yeah
why
not I believe there's something out
there for
sure the other thing too what were we
just talking
about I forgot it I forgot what we were
talking about I forgot it what we were
talking about something we're going to
have to wrap this up cuz I'm like I'm F
we just heard the hug knuckle song I
don't like it baby I don't like ity I
don't like it I don't like it um what is
this here spider wings no clowns you
know I used to be kind of scared of
clowns but I'm not anymore I've never
been afraid of clowns also um real quick
shout out to my Twitter if you watch my
Twitter page randomly I tweet out like
what my new single would be if I was an
artist so they said I think we heard the
new hug Knuckles song but it's like I
forget what the new one was like my cat
is a loaf of bread or something like if
youall watch every once in a while I'll
be like check out my new single my cat
is a loaf
bread all right y'all uh we love you so
much we're going to call it we uh we've
been at this for about an hour and a
half I think this is going to be a
normal thing so be looking out for it
make sure you're following uh our
Twitter at least if not everything else
uh because that's where we're really in
what we're going to be doing and stuff
like that um thank you all for coming
out hanging out with us for this time
I'm falling asleep a little bit I love
you guys so very much and I know you do
too yes and so much love I just need nap
before I go to work we appreciate you
coming out uh we're still Stella is
hiding and probably sleeping like we
will be thank you guys very much for
coming out we appreciate you so much
we'll see you very very soon we'll have
reaction videos up later in a few more
hours we probably have a mayward one
fourth impact uh maybe another Julie and
Jose I'm not sure but we'll have a bunch
of stuff we'll have a bunch of stuff
coming up so always keep an eye out on
the channel we love you and we'll see
you guys next time
bye
