[Laughter]
[Laughter]
hey YouTube down here from EAP films
official and in our social media details
if you haven't got them already so
thanks for tuning in or one of you so
far hopefully more of you will start
shooting in as this starts going more
public I guess so
what is it a lot to talk about today so
I want to talk about the Philippines oh
yes
now as you might have known perigean has
a concert coming up this year and 30th
year in the music business and for a
while now I've been trying to plan a
trip around the concept quite difficult
when you don't know when the concert
date is the last week I think it was
been it's really names 21st of October
2017 so I'm very excited and so far I've
been looking at accommodation and
flights and other aspects of my trip
that I've been trying to organize so I
can make the trip so all being well
things will be a-okay this year I've
managed to raise 388 pounds so far the
GoFundMe campaign says 402 or something
but by the time they take their fees it
works heads about at 388 so I've got
just over half of what I need to get
there the good news is my initial target
of a thousand pound has now been pushed
down so all I'll need known to do the
trip is 750 pound so that's two hundred
fifty pound less which is great it also
means that all the traveling on my own
which is unfortunate but I don't think
we're going to raise an extra ticket
from the campaign at all sadly so with
that in mind I've been looking at hotels
and flights for one and the dates that I
will be traveling providing the prices
don't change much will be the 18th of
October until the 24
of October so that's where I'm at at the
moment I'm hoping to book the flights
this week I was gonna book him I think
it was Thursday last week but I decided
against that because I needed to wait
until I had enough money to do it
basically so I should be doing that
later this week and then of course
there's the hotel resort which I've
already booked I'm staying at the VIP
suites hotel in Makati I know previously
booked somewhere it was kind of a pencil
then one just in case I didn't find
anywhere else that was suitable and that
was I think the reason why I picked that
one I think had twin beds should Ryan be
able to come with me as well but because
that's not gonna happen I don't think so
I'll be on my own I picked out a cheaper
place to stay it's a shame because the
place I spoke before had a Johnny being
right next door which would be great you
know leave the hotel next door
Johnny beam what could be more perfect
than that but that's not to be but
that's not decide I'm not gonna go to
Johnny B I will absolutely go to Johnny
B there will be times where I'll be
vlogging about my experience is going to
be trying the food I'll be trying street
food in the Philippines I will be going
to do some charity work I will be going
to Regine's concert on the 21st
I'm looking in fact somebody only
messaged me about five minutes before I
went live to say the abs-cbn seen them a
abs-cbn that's right isn't it they they
have sort of Showtime and the ASAP
concert or makeup show is weekly shows
but you can get tickets for that so I
was like mmm very interesting so I'm
looking into that little bit and turns
out that you can't book that far in
advance I think I think the tickets for
October will be released in September so
I want to try again in September see
what I can get and if you happen to be
there at the ASAP show as well then I
will see you there
so thanks again for tuning in guys all
four of you now I've been told that we
jeans on on TV at the moment so I think
I I was no way gonna compete with that
was i but then again you know this will
be archived later so if you don't happen
to watch his life then you will be able
to watch it as a random you know update
video whenever you want to watch it so
as I mentioned already I'm still a
little bit short got first comment of
the day from rolling Brule AAG I hope I
pronounced that I'm but hello but yes
ma'am oh hey yes so as you know I'm
still a little bit short of my finances
to come to the Philippines I have just
over half of what I need and just a bit
short there to get a flight so what I
have said if you if you haven't seen on
my Twitter or my facebook pages I have
said that if I can raise the rest of the
amount by Friday the 7th of July I will
do the next batch of reaction videos in
my underwear there I've said it
I've said it and I hope that's an
incentive it could also be a curse I
don't know you let me know what you
think guys but hopefully it'll be a bit
of fun and hopefully it will help me
raise the remaining a match or at least
help to go towards it for mitral clip
Philippines as I say it's just the
flights I really need to sort out now
the fly it's 535 pounds I think they
were so I'm almost there I'm about 360
pounds short
so all being well we'll be able to make
a bit difference soon so Rowland has
says
I'll commit you personally that's
something I'm planning on doing when I
get to the Philippines is organizing a
day where I can meet all of you
fantastic people an experience of
hospitality we can chat about all kinds
of things I'll tell you where I'm
putting a buffet for you guys as well so
I have a will make a good day of it yeah
and tell me so Makati is the financial
district I understand the Philippines
and it's about 20 minutes I think from
the Mall of Asia arena so tell you what
is the Makati district like is it is
there lots of restaurants there is it
I'm into financial district so I guess
is a lot of banking around Thalia what
was it like it's easy to get around
can I get boobs over there and do you
live in my castle yourself let me know
guys and in the meantime while you guys
catch up on the video a little bit and
type a response I'm gonna play a little
video for you guys
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
and we're back in the room so Adrienne
thanks for tuning in and how old as well
so Helms also mention that we have oppa
in Manila
so that's good so I will be able to get
around fairly easy I would imagine um so
tell me guys how so it's like seven the
past seven your time now what are you up
to tonight you guys busy watching TV
watching YouTube now it seems but I'm
guess so I'm just I'm not doing much to
the moment today I'm working this
morning and I thought I would come live
today just to give you an update on the
Philippines trip as I said if you're
just tuning in I'm basically just
updating you guys on my current status
on the Philippine trip I Roland said I
think Regina's Munchak really excited to
see you too if she knows I'm coming
that'd be great I have message show on
Twitter and she's not responded I don't
know how she said if she knows like at
all with him coming but I'm kind of
hoping that she does but thank you guys
for tuning in
yeah so my update would be that I booked
a hotel I'm staying at the VIP suites
hotel in Makati my travel dates are the
18th of October the 24th of October I'm
current well but I'm I get to the
Philippines it'll be the 19th so my stay
in the Philippines is the 19th to the
24th
I haven't yet to put my flights I was
going to do it last week but currently
I'm just waiting on a couple of payments
and I can go forth and booked my flights
but as I said before I am just a little
bit short so I'm kind of hoping to raise
a bit more awareness bit more noise and
that might GoFundMe campaign we've
raised just over half the amount which
is great and I'm very excited to raise
so much and have the support from you
guys really really appreciate it
so as I said I'm just a little short now
so what I've said I'll do is
if I raise the full amount by Friday the
7th of July I will do the next batch of
reaction videos in my underwear
embarrassing myself just because you
know in the spirit of raising money I
have to sacrifice something of myself
also I'd only think I don't know if you
realize if you follow me on Twitter or
yeah I think it was just which I type
this on I basically said that my mom's
birthday is on the same date as we jeans
concert so I'll be sacrificing her
birthday to go into the concept ok so
have you tuned in already no Wow ok that
means cut up a few comments here so your
recent dinner Adrienne well you have
what are you eating tell me what you're
eating Robbie has says we welcome you
here you know what guys I can't wait to
come I'm so excited
Marc 96 I said I'm excited to see you
here wish I can join to meet to the meet
and greet we down you can I'll be
organizing a day I've meet-and-greet I
will put on a buffet somewhere don't
hold me to this I'm still trying to pin
down where I'm gonna do this sort of
thing and how much is gonna cost me but
I am going to organize a meet and greet
I would like to put in a buffet some
entertainment and there's have a big
room full of all of you guys and I don't
know I'll tell you on it let's let's we
could do a karaoke day oh my god why am
i suggested all this maybe after a few
drinks I'll get up there with you guys
while I'm all sing karaoke have some
food drinks in a be fun time Johnny be
great idea maybe we'll meet at Jollibee
instead well over on the Johnny bean for
chain and order a load of food Delroy
sanka says in your underwear boxes or
brief well that is the big question
isn't it I guess we'll find out if I
manage to hit the target by Friday
so what does it take to raise the
remaining amount of money well three
hundred and sixty pound is an awful lot
of money but I'm very fortunate to have
twenty three thousand three hundred and
something subscribers so if just three
hundred and sixty of those two three
hundred and sixty of those twenty three
and a half thousand just gave one pound
to this GoFundMe campaign then this trip
will be fully funded I will have know if
she's getting there I'll just be all
raring to get all I'll have to do is
pack my stuff
Mabuhay honey
mark ninety-six it says mark the date
then we're coming to see you and tour
around the place that would be brilliant
as I mentioned I'm staying in McCarthy
VIP suites hotel you guys will know
better than I will attempted its
location and what's around there
actually here's a point is a good
question for you the VIP suite hotel
where what is the nearest where is the
nearest Johnny be to me because the
place I was staying in before that
booked was pass a city I think it was
and that was literally the next it was
next door to Johnny videos very excited
about that actually but I think a lot
people said it's not great staying in
the area maybe it's too busy or
something so I had everything can book
somewhere else so Adrian's eating fried
catfish and chop suey
very interesting Demarest said that's
content Johnny be to raise the rest of
the amount provided you're willing to
become one of their campaign images I
would be happy to become a campaign
imagery jollibee I have tagged Johnny be
in a status of mine on Twitter and I
don't think well had nothing back put it
that way maybe we should also achieve
into this and all
kind of contact Jollibee and see what
they can do but I'd be happy to do
anything with Jollibee just let me know
guys is the music that's playing too
loud is okz too quiet let me know good
point Mark said the weather will cope
the weather will cooperate with us
because it's rainy season right now here
in July to November the yeah so
obviously if I was to come to the
Philippines for an actual holiday then I
would come at a time that I think would
be best so probably maybe December
through to April time somewhere in that
period but unfortunately because the
we're Regine's trip sits right the
calendar the only time I can come right
now is October how all that says making
sure to check Skyscanner website the
cheaper ticket yes guys my name is the
website that I do use and there are it's
funny because that there are cheaper
tickets but unfortunately the travel
time there was one flight from
Birmingham to Manila that took over 24
hours and I was like do you know what
it's not even worth it I'd happily pay
the extra little bit just so I can get
there
I think the 19 hours of the fly I don't
just calm sometimes I'm like 30 hours
reach I was like are you having a laugh
so I am NOT going to be taking those
points I think the best way I found was
Emirates and that flew bear with me just
loading at my spreadsheet of costs
come on never get so the flight times
for me was twenty past two in the
afternoon and I arrived in Manila at
half four in the afternoon the following
day and then I returned at five to
midnight on the 24th of October and I
landed back in Birmingham at 20 past
12:00 midday the following day that was
with Emirates
they were the best flight like a firing
time wise and for price and of course
the dates musics too quiet okay I'll
just touch up a little bit just to helps
break some of the silence of a little
bit guys it just makes a bit easier you
should do connecting flights they are
connecting flights the connections are
in Dubai so we go from Birmingham to
Dubai have about a two-hour stop and
then to Manila and then vice versa about
the same as well so to go for the direct
flights things were more expensive maybe
up in the hundred pound or so and I
think they only flew from London as well
so it's not just it's also much just the
cost of the extra ticket yet they
actually cost the ticket but also the
travel down to London and the the car
parking in London as well so that was my
issue with the direct flights although I
would prefer direct for obvious reasons
it's a short flight and I'm gonna think
about connections but for our technician
then that's what I will have to do hello
Diane thanks for tuning in oh this 23
you know hello okay so that's where I'm
at with things if you're just tuning in
just scrub back a little bit I'm talking
about my flights I'm hoping to book them
this week all being well I'm waiting for
payment so hopefully they'll be done
this week
shush bear with a sec
so I heard a little of chain
I think it's next doors dog and my dog
suddenly started to bark
half-assed bark anyway table papi come
on there you are come here no but you
can see you know any TV you see no just
wanders often have mine we tried our
best
Wow
Oh Adrienne thank you so much I forgot
they had this feature on YouTube I don't
know how it works says that Adrienne
says hope you can react to Regina's you
were there
MMS acoustic performance I'll tell you
what drop me a link or I don't think the
links work actually in chat so I don't
worry I'll google it
Regina's you were there MMS acoustic so
jump me to react to me right now
why don't you react to it on Wednesday I
think you might get a better reaction
from your Wednesday if I'm honest like
okay so regine velasquez live on mms
acoustic version that's not right
actually adrian could you just send me a
tweet or a message on facebook with a
link please I'm not 100% on the link
I found one from eight years ago is that
though I won from butterfly rains I
think I said I can save for you with
there we'll see what you say in a moment
wants the videos caught up you react on
Wednesday brilliant okay so send me a
link when this video is finished doing
its live thing and archived just drop me
a link on this video or any other video
doesn't matter I'll look at the link
anyway mark says a name escape asking
you down hope we can help too
thank you so much yeah that's another
good point actually if you can't help
financially there's also the option of
not skipping the other Brits just to
give you guys idea the way youtubers
make money and it's a bit debatable how
we make money in terms of the amounts
there's a lot of misconceptions that we
are in a lot of money that's simply not
true maybe if you've got millions of
subscribers
then that might be a something else and
together but the way we make money is
through adverts so when you click on a
video of ours and you see an advert
before and that's basically a paid
advertisement so if you watch that
advert for 30 seconds or if the adverts
much longer
you can skip after 30 seconds but 30
seconds classes as a view and once it's
classes of you it registers as a payment
so we get paid very small amount of that
view
so of course the more people who watched
AdWords the more we earn per ad that
makes sense that doesn't make it easy
either because because of the nature of
what we do that we've reacted to videos
a lot of the time videos that we react
to are copyrighted so therefore we
either split the money and it's that
it's not up to us it's entirely up to
the copper I own and what they decide to
do with their content but sometimes a
lot of the the money is split so we only
get a shared revenue and a lot of the
time we don't get any money all the
money goes back to the content creator
so actually what we get is very little
in comparison and on average a month we
probably earn most of my subscriber
counts are 23 pairs and subscribers iron
maybe about 80 to 100 pound a month
which isn't a lot and hopefully you know
everything that you guys do every advert
that you don't skip really does help us
and not just me that's just every
creator as well every ad word that you
let you watch really does help it's also
good doesn't like I say if the adverts
like a 10-second advert or if it's a
Cosmo five-second hand for just don't
skip them they're just much easier to
let them pass if the advert itself is
over 30 seconds long as always you hit
30 seconds feel free to skip it after
that don't yeah I'm gonna watch the full
two minutes out but I've had people say
to me up i've sat through a two-minute
admin for you and i'm like that's great
you know you can skip it after 30
seconds so just so you know that as well
okay so Adrienne I went to give back a
bit so yeah Adrienne says the one who
loaded it by I put a iris say that
let me try and search for that as well
I've got one by I've got one called till
I met you
Regine Velasquez live on mms acoustic
till I met you by the same use oh is
that that's not riser and there's also
from the same user Sunna more little
movie again my pronunciation I apologize
there's one what else is there are you
sure it's called
you were there I can't seem to find that
one Adrian
okay so Bryant Park 88 it says just
tuned in mind recapping your travel
dates and where you'll be staying
absolutely okay so for those who have
just tuned in I'll be staying at the VIP
suite hotel in Makati my travel dates
are the 18th to the 24th of October but
I don't actually land in the Philippines
and some 19th of October I land in the
afternoon but 4:30 I actually can't
member there let me get my spreadsheet
back up again okay so island yeah 4:30
on the 19th of October in Manila and I
depart on the 24th of October at 5 to 12
or at night so very close to midnight
see a late night for me so that's why
travel dates I haven't booked the
flights just yet I'm still waiting on a
few bits more payment and I can sort
those out so that's that so Christie has
says hi just join the live chat hello
Chris hello Alvarez Jake
hello ray Diane says she also never
skips the ads thank you so much and
Chris Davis keeps dads too worth the
weight down cheese Raleigh is also
confirmed that AJ Yaris has says she
will have a concert on October I feel
like you've missed out on a lot of my
content recently the whole point of this
live show and and obviously the other
live shows have done am i going for me
campaign is that I am coming for this
show so I've been very much up to date
with her concert dates 21st of October
my mom's birthday Adrian's tweeted me
brilliant okay I will check right now
for you ah thank you so much yes I have
you know they say works in my country it
does and it turns out it's already in my
watch list so that was good I'll
defamation Oh to that so I don't
actually forget to do it this week
because I really want to make both for
you I didn't give you a shout out how
about that Regine you were reaction
awesome awesome
okay thank you so much for that agent
I'll only retweet it just so I don't
forget either
fantastic okay so where are we with
things well as loads you tuned in now
wow thank you so much I feel like my
first 15 minutes on YouTube live today
was almost pointless because I had like
maybe just not even a handful of you
it's like one or two views anything
brilliant hi Carl good to see you
Regina not about that anniversary
October 2017 and I way you mean it yes
so Ivan has also
asked any plans to see her live again I
feel like you missed out a lot of the
chance recently yes so if you're just
shooting in guys and have no idea about
anything about me coming to the
Philippines here's the general gist of
it so I'm coming to the Philippines on
the 18th of October 24th I'm staying in
Makati at the VIP suite hotel I will be
going to see regions concert I'm
planning on going to see the ASAP show
on the Sunday if I can get tickets I'm
also planning to do a meet-and-greet
with all of you wonderful people I'm
planning on doing vlogs pretty much the
entire time I'll probably do some
reaction videos whilst American my hotel
but there won't be live until I get back
because I have no way of editing them
what else blogs on jollibee vlogs on
street food blogs on my experience in
the Philippines Shanghai today I want to
help out some of the poorer communities
and I think that's I'm sure there are
the things I'm completely forgot about
but that's kind of my intentions of the
trip what else have we got
Michael Velasquez says I suggest you
stay in entertainment city it's much
newer than the arena which I guess he
made it much nearer to the arena that's
I don't mind how far is away as long as
it's not like powers away I don't mind
where I'm staying I'm back with the
location Oh Adrian agane tweeted me the
link and generously gave some more money
thank you so much again I've no idea how
much that is 50 peso I'm gonna have to
go with it
let's see well yes that's a great amount
like I said every little bit really does
have guys so any amount we can put
towards the fund really will help with
the rest of the castle of lights and
stuff so thank you so much again
Adrienne
Tristana says how far you
oh sorry no my bad I completely misread
that how am i I'm very well
it's it warmer I had to shut a window
because the episode always distracting
my dog Tony
polonaise oh yeah all you bucket you as
well those of you don't know Tony and I
met up in London recently we had dinner
last time the restaurant tone I'm sure
you use of all your favorite places to
eat basically a Filipino restaurant we
had some amazing food you stuffed me
stupid
actually I'm so full I had so much
halo-halo I was just like I'm not gonna
be able to finish this and I didn't
finish it and I'm bad because I
really wanted to meet you it was so nice
Brian Parker says mind if I ask how much
you're paying for your room with the VIP
suites there is a bit before I say hmmm
ocean
you're probably gonna you're probably
like why you pay you so much there's a
very good reason and I can't really go
into too much detail but I'll try and be
as vague as I can what also Han suring
your question I'm paying 183 pounds
which is the third most expensive room I
think the cheapest is like a standard
double then there's a superior and then
there's an executive and I'm staying in
the exact and I'm not one it does really
bother to me too but I was quite happy
with this dining room if I'm honest but
there are a few things I'm trying to
organize
which would mean I would have people
back to the hotel for filming we have to
think about what I'm saying here so I
want to make sure that the room that I
have is spacious enough and nice to
accommodate guests there we go so that's
that's the reason why I've gone for a
slightly more expensive room greetings
Laverne from Bangkok okay so Judy just
tuned in hi Dan just missed you
mentioning your schedule I don't really
have a schedule as such other than where
I'm staying and when I'm flying so I'm
staying at the VIP suites hotel in
Makati my travel dates on the 18th to
the 24th of October Tony you've said you
do not need tickets to watch ASAP Wow I
don't think if the pay phones and
they're free tickets but you still have
to reserve them so that you get their
free ticket but makes sense some though
I think they were Venable that month in
advance so I'll know more and sort of
September time and hopefully I'll get
some then but yeah if you know if you
know more better than I do
let me know Marc 96 has said there's a
drawing to be near the VIP suite hotel
round one kilometre fantastic
I'll never be in there and you know if
you happen to stalk the area you might
have seen you pop it down again for some
chicken some chicken joy Fred sees our
passier or patcher I'm not sure which
way says where do you plan to do your
meet-and-greet good question somebody
did suggest Jollibee which is a great
idea and it being great to have Johnny
be host event if that's something that
can be arranged otherwise I don't know
I'm sort of thinking maybe I could
front room at the hotel if they've got
one or just another hotel somewhere I
think they can sponsor something I will
get back to you on that one and since I
have more information
Carl has says hope to see Dan but I
might be in Kuwait at that time
that's sad Carl I don't you want to meet
me and I want to meet you as well
I am I don't know what to suggest
Diana says can't wait for you
Philippines blog I can't wait to start
filming I'm very excited Bryant Park
says how does a Jamaica donation I don't
know how it looks for you guys but for
me there's like a little dollar sign in
the bottom of the comment section and I
think you press that and type a message
you can sort on a mantain I don't really
know if I'm honest excuse me agent if
you're if you're still there hopefully
are still there and be great to get your
input on that because you've done it
twice already
okay you what do you have
yeah so I'm delighted with these
comments aren't I let me skip through a
bit more
look Medved has says I'm excited to see
units have us all together absolutely
yes so Adrian said similar super chucked
donut here you also go down to GoFundMe
link in the description yeah so if you
guys want to help contribute to my
GoFundMe campaign
it's go fund me.com forward slash Regine
trips in the description box below
chris says slifer mace up food blogs and
the concept one day to plan to do the
outreach program for less fortunate i
don't know yet i would have to look at
my flight times the concert dates and
then just see what's left because
there's other things i want to film as
well so i will go back to turn that one
I think my flight let me go color there
I'll look at the color was much easier
so Island on Thursday
the concert
Saturday so I'll have Friday which I'll
probably use to vlog stuff then Sunday
maybe go suck depending him but I guess
that won't be till the evening so I
could do something on Sunday if sunday
is a day that we can do it
I don't fly too late on Tuesday so maybe
Sunday on Monday just see what I have it
goes Tony says we went to Romulus thank
you lovely place to be by the way at
lovely place at bel-air Benning go Benny
no it says hi Dan I'm watching you lying
thanks for tuning in
how long am I going to stay in the
Philippines la asks six days wasn't it
I don't run until the 19th so there's
one two three four five days by the time
I actually learned so five days is about
Lopez says you ignored are you tell me
what did you say and I'll come and
answer your question Brian Park has said
is like put a major pound per night no
no no no no 108 it's hundred eighty
three hundred eighty six ten for the
whole state not tonight
god no I don't think I'm gonna check now
actually they you've said that if it's
per night I'm gonna be cancer than that
for sure and going for the standard
double
let's have a look all bookings I'm
conscious that will you all your
comments are coming in and I'm not
seeing them just yet come on okay the
booking yeah a hundred eighty three
parent stayed so not polite that
could've been something to worry about
just catching up on comments guys like
that I'll Adrian again well being so
generous I've got to go down enjoy your
stay in the Philippines kinda check my
Instagram account I'll tell you what I
won't add you on Instagram there Oh in
Francis thank you just have a
notification from you thank you so much
I love you guys you're amazing you guys
like the best people in the world you
know just since I've been doing reaction
videos I've had nothing but love from
you guys you've been outstanding so
friendly so supportive just a pleasure
to know how do I add people Instagram
have a bit add people or how long
nope that's not in the photo I'm so
crapper this around I can add pictures I
forgot how to add people oh I know that
complicado request suggested contacts
discover people I don't find people tell
you what Adrian if you can find me on
Instagram it's on my eye so uh I'll put
my details it below if you're still
around here's my deets I'd be on
Instagram and I'll follow you back
because right now I'm not clear to do it
I'll figure it out later
okay so it's a - man behind the graphic
Shinji shins Shinji speaks says Dan one
on Costa Coffee if it's big enough to
accommodate us all then great I have no
idea how many of you guys are going to
be coming to the meet and greet so I
would have to kind of know in advance
the size of been young man in need and
how many people gonna come I'm going to
skip down the list of you come I'm
conscious that you're asking questions
and I'm really not get into them just
yet John Paul has says just got in can
you do a little recap I will in a minute
marked i6 asked me to blog resident
Filipino dish delicacy is including
bellews I've had that I'm sure and hallo
hallo I had that in Romulus in London
with Tony oh god it's all going mad
their name menaces says where he's
staying at a game we'll come back to you
in a moment
la he's asked me what I buy my concert
on laptop buy my ticket for the concert
online I will do yes
where am I now Dan I'm a home I'll
remove this graphic now there we go PVA
kiss affair says I'm Toby she's having a
big concert you should come where've you
been I know this that's why I'm doing
this live show Wow okay so Christina
says I'll try and to get options for the
outreach program because we can't we
just can't start having three down the
streets will be mobbed I'll message on
Facebook for updates sure thing let me
know if there's like several different
kind of charity people charity
organizations that work with the poor
communities maybe list if you and I'll
have a read through some of some of
those my mom's watching this so thanks
for watching I will call you back later
today mom promise I know you found
Saturday didn't you I said I would note
Friday it was a partly yeah finally
because it is problem is wedding that
they shinji speaks asked for my
Instagram account I'm guessing that's
quite a delay message now because I put
the graphic up earlier got a so much to
catch up on I'm starting to lose track
of this Wow okay just followed me on
Instagram I follow you I kind of follow
you back I think I'm caught up there
so if I'm not actually responded to your
messages I will get back to you on my my
status on the Philippines like my
planned itinerary Adrienne going awesome
okay so if you've just tuned in I have
no idea what on earth is going on then
here's a bit of a recap on the last 48
minutes so I'm coming to the Philippines
for regimes concert on the 21st of
October which is my mum's birthday and
mom I know you watching this I'm sorry I
won't be there on your birthday but I'll
Skype here maybe so that's on the 21st
October my flight once I booked it I
haven't yet booked it
once the booked it will be on the 18th
of October and I returned on the 24th of
October I won't actually arrive in the
Philippines until the 19th just because
the time difference the flight duration
and they stopover
so I will arrive in the Philippines at
half past four in the afternoon all
being well I'm staying at the VIP suite
hotel in Makati and that's about it
that's kind of my travel plans at the
moment it's rainy season now gracious
after some terrible traffic well it
can't be well just they can't be worse
and learned up and he probably could be
giving it it doesn't matter I'll just as
long as I'm not driving or I'll be happy
Shinji is offered well I'll say I'll say
I feel you might have off another no you
just said you need a driver is that an
offer I don't know I was happy to take
an uber everywhere but if you'd like to
drive me around and I would be grateful
about thank you Mark 96 says are the
best sincerest simplest funniest reacted
to a Philippine singers we feel your
love to all the Filipino artists ah
thank you so much mark
like I said earlier you guys have been
amazing supporters of my channel of me
of my videos as well and I've been so
lucky enough to speak with you
I can't believe in the last year how
much not just my channel has grown but
how much of the culture and the
hospitality and that the life of a
Filipino has suddenly become merged with
my own life I find myself in Phase the
story I know whether you've seen on
Twitter so wasn't my way in business I
was working on my computer and I get a
knock at the door
so I get an and I answer it and there's
two guys there and they were reading
though there were basically two Mormons
the one guy said hi we're just knocking
doors in the local area talk about the
Book of Mormon I'm from America and he
said and this guy's from the Philippines
and I went the Philippines hey I said
top man I said you don't know this is I
don't think you would know this I said
but I actually do reaction videos and a
lot of my not all my fans are based in
the Philippines or our Filipino around
the world so it's incredible that people
who are watching my channel been so
grateful for that and I said that I'm
going to the Philippines later this year
to watch Regine's concert and he went
Regine and I went Regine Velasquez he
went oh we did a little fist bump it was
awesome I spoke to I spoke to him more
about to Regine and the Philippines than
they did to me about the Book of Mormon
so that was our little exchange anyway
is wonderful so funny yes cool a yes
I can't I'm now gonna pronounce your
name cooler yeah so kill EA assault
there we go
do not forget to put it on your list the
wish bus how could I have forgotten that
yes the wish bus is definitely gonna be
on my list
Kris Fernandez has offered to fetch you
from the airport it's very close I don't
think about far from the airport from
Mike McCarthy I'm about 15 minutes I
think from her
yeah Brian Parker suggested a second
uber I was planning on doing anyway
Helen has suggested don't forget to meet
Morissette I am doing my absolute best
to meet a whole range of people
Morissette included so that's kind of
that's on my list if I can organize that
Diana says I hope you can also visit the
beaches here in the Philippines I would
love to but unfortunately because of my
length of stay and what I'm planning on
doing whilst I'm staying there I'll only
be based in Manila so unfortunately
don't they like a chance to visit
beaches her Tony said I bet Lee at the
moment brother was annoyed
he's even quite a happy chappy to be
honest but he did try and suggest to
come in and and talk about the Book of
Mormon but I'm not interested in in
discussing religion that's a whole
nother can of worms isn't it I think
same as politics I best not talk about
it
Josh Kunis says I'm flying to Manila
this October to watch the genes constant
hope to see you there
hope to see you there as well ah so okay
so the name I mentioned earlier cool ASL
could kill a it oh my god
I'll call you blue yeah that guy ma says
you can call me blue because kool-aid is
color a he was is a soul is blue so you
can call me blue I'll call you blue much
easier did David ever message you on
mark did David ever message you on more
assess it says dude he didn't actually
no I don't even know if he's actually
been the message to be honest Paige wins
popped back big thanks for the follow
back can you react on my Instagram feed
there shall I just shall I shall I try
it shall I I will I'll put you on a diet
so I look at you where are you where are
you so you've got a lot of videos a lot
of pictures which ones you use a lot of
OG on here those who don't know sorry
about knowing you guys so is the channel
lots of pics lots of pigs there we go so
my social media right now is going after
the hook how's the music guys is still
going okay
still still not to layer and then got a
refund
kostik go or Jessica says I'm late when
are you going down I'm going in October
I'm going hopefully if my flights don't
change or the price don't change then
I'll be leaving the UK on the 18th of
October until the 24th don't arrive in
Manila to the 19th of October and I'm
staying at the VIP suites hotel in
Makati our soul says you're such a nice
guy Dan thank you very much Helen said
thank you for reading my comment up in
Marseille I love so much well I love her
as well I think she's amazing
Mei has says down I'm curious have you
had any direct interaction with Regina
by Twitter or Instagram I have she
iconic what happened I'll sent her
tweets on Twitter and she was very kind
enough to send me a message back and I'm
my twitter feed as you can imagine was
going man that retweets and likes and
stuff so it was a bit that was cool I've
since asked her to follow me back on
Twitter so I can send her a direct
message which she did I'm very grateful
for that and actually so did okey-okey
enriching both follow me on Twitter
and I've said them both several messages
over the last few months but I've not
had any messages back directly so other
than the tweet public tweet that was
done by Regina I haven't had any other
interaction with dream since I've had
more interaction with Morissette
she's messaged me back a few times but
she doesn't follow me either so it's
like one follows me doesn't respond and
one doesn't follow me but does respond
it's the best of both worlds Brian
Parker that's what LM taking yes it is
Emirates I was looking at she had as
well but that was if I flew from London
louia says I'm one of your fans here in
the Philippines remember the fan club we
made it before the EAP filmin attics or
done at six all the Virginie
acknowledging it's done gene that was it
the done gene crew can't hear the music
okay I'll tell Oliver hopefully that
helps happy birthday to sell a bug I
hope I pronounced your name right happy
birthday to you that's what I get if you
get a nice Thai people see my scent Sara
G and Casey Wow if I can get to ASAP
that'd be brilliant
Mark Antony Baraka says notice me I
noticed you I noticed you is
going now so have a good evening
and I'll see you soon hopefully ok so
grant Parker said good you're taking
Emirates you'll be arriving at terminal
3 which is it closer to your hotel I
don't mind what time will come out as
long as I get out to the hotel ok
it's a bumpers VIP seats in purchase
band also offers free walking but you
have to wait and long line up to get
those
I'd like to get VIP out if I can and I'm
on behind the tickets depending on the
price so I think I'm caught up now with
the live chat for the moment may says I
hope she's aware you're coming to see a
concert
I hope so as well I have tweeted I focus
on I'm probably to it publicly tweeted
her I'm sent to a direct message as well
on Twitter and had nothing but I know
she's very busy recording the new album
I'm hoping but we may be able to get
some sponsorship from Beaver records or
abs-cbn or jollibee anybody who might
want to help from the trip or just
provide some free tickets or something
you know I'm wanting anything me
honestly I'll be grateful for any
support on this and it'd be great
actually you know just to kind of be in
the Philippines even if I don't get to
go to the ASAP or anything I think it'd
be nice just to have a walk around
experience the Philippines and just
generally enjoy my timer I think it'd be
nice to be with you guys great to meet
you all as well okay and Mark said hope
you will meet Virginia person that's all
we that's all that we want honestly it's
all that I want to do is but I'd love to
meet regime ruies say movie sighs its
IOC I never see try balut damn I already
have went to a restaurant in London
that's I'm sure it balut Tony will be
able to in fact here's something I will
be able to show you there's bear with me
a second hahaha her blue I see what we
did there
Carl sent a message Thank You Carl and
you know without before okay so in my
gallery I took some pictures of some
food I had in London and took me a while
to get to them there okay so the first
picture
this isn't food by the way this is a
lovely woman I met in London she's what
I my subscribers on YouTube
this is Maria so this is in London in
Starbucks I think it was okay so this is
where it gets real interesting here's
some foods I had earlier I know it's not
very clear guys but hope then you can
see some more food that I had and then I
had Oh hallo hallo I'm aware it looks a
little different to you guys
I think you have it in a glass than you
this is in there in a bowl and how can
you forget so this and oh somehow that
and the guy who took me out that night
and thank you again Tony is this guy
here that's Tony
so my experience so far with these two
guys to my subscribers have been
absolutely positive I have not a bad
word to say that you guys you lovely
people
lovely generous people okay I'm just
gonna go back up my comment section got
quite a few Dan V Doria has says hoping
than wishing for a meet-up please
squeeze it in your hectic schedule I am
planning a meet-up and I will let you
know as soon as I have a date and time
and location confirmed take a picture
but a while yeah Alec says take a
picture jollibee and I will I will I
will definitely take a picture with try
to be is Donnie be actually in every
jhana be sort of restaurant my cabochon
mascot was just like a statue
cuz you forgotten if we have an actual
Diana seat Johnny be all
make myself look stupid sacrifice my
dignity and have a dance-off with him or
her hardly says if we do now were
friends I would I definitely asked her
to pick your be airport with all your
effort giving us her fun so much joy
with your reaction videos that would be
lovely thank you Brian Parker says try
to get a local number when you arrive
you can get free travelers SIM card at
the airport
you just have to top it up that's not a
bad idea actually I was planning on
using a lot of Wi-Fi to keep going to
date in that but that sounds pretty good
too
boom de Guzman who says hi down once
then your new doctor game her name's
poppy poppy let me go find her pops
come on come here
she's been lazy sorry
she's before came live on YouTube today
I took her out in the garden and we went
a bit nuts with toys and stuff so she's
nakid and sleeping then she looked at me
she was just like no my bugger a
vibrator Oh comments that was jumped
yeah color blue said it seems that
you're already immersed to Philippine
culture yeah like I said it last year or
so has been certainly no opening under
the part of the world it's been
fantastic I've learned so much about you
guys
I can't wait to extent many times I just
can't wait to experience the Philippine
culture and to be there and to see you
guys and get to meet you all be
fantastic haha have you guys now just
drooling over my food red horse yeah
adobo I don't know if we did have a boba
actually balut sounds familiar
yeah Karl you a messages pop up I
haven't actually read it yet so I will
get to really shortly below this
developing duck egg ah that's why I
recognized Ballad yeah doesn't read it
up at them maybe since I recognized the
name balut Christie says I hope you
bring a big like big bring a big luggage
expects your subscribers making the
meeting read to bring you pass a low
bunks what are they
I just occurs a stem from having doing
daily vlogs I probably will do daily
vlogs and they won't go live on YouTube
until once I'm home because I'm still
have no way of editing them oh my
stomach's getting hungry now I can fit
again Alex for ambient Ferrera my
apologist says looking forward to that
dance-off usually be just prepare for
the reactors to react on that too I
don't mind
mark asks mark says hope you can bring
pocket with you I don't think that'll
era and I don't think I'm good anywhere
that'd be so much I want to be doing
like I couldn't do it but it would be
nice to you company
ruby's I see can you clarify that is it
singing or sigh either way very a so
it's kind of being a photographer whilst
you're here the Philippines by all means
I'm happy for you to do that at the
grave because only is if it's only Mia
it's gonna be coming on the trip you
know filming myself is tricky I'll
become say holding a camera away from me
which will give me about a time after a
week probably but it'd be good fun
david has says pass Alabang is like
souvenirs but it can be full of other
stuff there's really no need to get me
any gifts guys I'm just happy for you
guys turn up to the meet-and-greet and I
get to see you and not have a big empty
room that would be a ballast implement
well for those whom turn up and it's
still an empty room embarassing for
those as well
Shinji says down and one of my dog's
name is puppy that sorry memories my
accent is poppy P o p py very close
though isn't it puppy popping yeah
nice to see you again Jasper juice says
one night to get roaring drunk down
let's book it we should do that I think
we should yeah well maybe I flew a James
concert maybe although girl man go out
to a nearby bar and have a few berries
so those of you who have just joined
truth joined joined in tuned in
apologies if you've heard this a lot as
well guys I know you a lot of used to
Berlin football on there but we recap on
the trip so I'm coming to the
Philippines on the 18th of October
Island on the 19th of October and I'm
there until 24th of October I'm seeing
Regine's concert on the 21st of October
I'm staying at the VIP suites hotel in
Captain I will be organizing a
meet-and-greet day at some point as well
for meeting all of you guys they'll be
vlog shows to be doing to be done on
Jollibee food street food other kinds of
food any sort of food whatever and I'll
do blogging the whole meet-and-greet
experience I'll be doing a charity day
as well if I can get some tickets for
the ASAP show on Sunday I'll be going to
that as well I will be looking for wish
bus maybe try and get on wish that'd be
pretty cool in there so how about one
develop type of time what hours can be
doing I know lots of things logging I'll
be doing reaction videos in my hotel
room which will all go live once I've
got back from the Philippines my whole
experience the Philippines and obviously
meeting you guys it's a blogging that as
well be amazing
Karl says maybe you will be over back
when you return to the UK maybe maybe I
think my weight allowance is 30
kilograms and given that I went to the
Maldives with 30k no my 20 20 kilograms
the Maldives and that was for two weeks
so
you know five days the Philippines my
bag should be pretty empty so I should
have lots of lots of space yes mark 96
is currently reminding me karaoke that's
a good point again if you miss that
information when we do a meet-and-greet
one day one time one location
I would also hopefully be putting my
buffet some sort of entertainment as
well so you can almost have a good time
there in fact maybe that'll be the day
we all get a bit drunk and a little bit
narrow color blue it says you should
also meet Jang's iris the format sure
he's pimping it penpen go you right
actually I saw that on Facebook actually
because I've I've side following GMA on
Facebook and I saw that sharise has
changed turn I don't usually fishing
gone through the process of transition
but she's certainly um you know going by
a different name now different look so
it was great by the way I think she's
still lost a hitch he looks great now
jacocks pretty decent it's kind of
strange to get my head around that
because I guess it was sharise for such
a long time and then suddenly it's Jake
it's quite kind of weird but you know I
think nothing perhaps off to to Jake for
to come out like wow to come out like
that and go through this transitional
period Alex said just as Mickey Mouse
isn't that slide there we go really
making you hear pop is dreaming she's
starting to whimper and asleep last
red gun blader says damn did you tell
mr. Gean that you're going here to watch
a concert I did I did go and I did tell
her whether she's notice the message is
another thing okay guys I'm just gonna
have a quick drink have a quick break
for a moment so if you're happy to stick
around for a little longer I will place
an ad here now just so I get chance to
kind of recoup for the next deal because
I'm actually we need we need some food
right now before I do that John has to
sad said sorry miss and Betty are you in
the Philippines right now I'm not in the
Philippines right now if you stay with
me for a few moments I will come back
and I will explain myself again shortly
so I will catch you in a minute
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
you
Wow
hardly much of a break okay well I'm
back anyway so where were we I say I'll
make it easy for you guys who are asking
about my trip in the description box
below I'm gonna add on my dates of
travel and I'm gonna add on my location
of where I'm gonna be staying as well so
bear with me a sec I'll just read out as
I'm typing so I will be traveling from
the UK to Philippines on 18th 19th
number 17 18th of October 17 and
returned on the 24th of October 2017
I will also be staying at the VIP suite
hotel in Makati everywhere shush maybe
it's the postman I don't know some eluc
just cutting up with some comments here
so done via says I'm wrecking your need
huge space in your luggage you'll
definitely see me keeps of two minutes
basically what like I says no need to
give me anything but thank you anyway
papi
shush
Chris of like chris farley people sorry
Chris Felice ovando and said damn what
is the level of your excitement from one
to ten right now I just say it's solid
seven and I will be on an 8 9 and a 10
when I have my flight sorted when I get
my regime to get sorted and when I get
anything else I want to sort out sorted
then my excitement would be ah I could
scan of 11 to 20 really look right
through the roof so right now on a 7
very hyped brilliant Kumi Bela Peter
says you should talk to her jeans
husband so you can get a ticket in ASAP
I think he can help you maybe I'll try
like you just follow me on Twitter I can
send them a private message and see how
that develops over time Tony did I get
your text message I did get your message
ok so guys pops poppy what I don't know
is she going well she's back on the boat
I don't think I was outside there's no
one there pups come on dogs a puppy I
don't know what she's like what's not
okay
david says can't ghost the
meet-and-greet because I don't live far
away never but I can go but school days
depend on time I guess that I'll be
doing it whenever
Jaya says do you drink how about one
when you get here
I do drink a lot of beer
can you hear a barking oh sorry yeah I
forgot to mention that puppy shush
okay so Carl has said Dan what have you
just posted on your EAP page and for
those who don't follow my paint on
Facebook I basically said that again if
you just after a recap on what's going
on I've I've raised just over half of
the men that I need to fund my trip I'm
still a bit short and I've said if I can
raise the full amount by Friday this
Friday seventh of July I will do the
next batch of reaction films in my
underwear so there's some incentive for
you guys I hope I hope so there's some
incentive for you as I say I have twenty
three thousand three hundred subscribers
if just three hundred and sixty people
gave just one pound then it will all be
funded not a problem if you want to know
how you can help out check the
description box below so they go from
your campaign it's going to fund me.com
forward slash regime trip or you can
click on the super chat function on this
YouTube live video and send another man
however the works I don't know someone's
already not already yeah well yeah Mira
puppies barking okay I think she's
barking at her neighbor because the
neighbors outside the house
mmm she wants you alive also maybe
simply together inside there would be
sick guys I'll just put some random
stuff on here
let's go away I show real not quite by
the benefit we're just arrested I'm back
in a moment
[Laughter]
I'm a back oops wrong haha there we go
so I've got puppy with me named sit in
bed look at that sad face what are you
doing no she's a little bit excited I
think let's go back to me
there we go back to me movie yeah hello
you were famous about five minutes ago
maybe I don't know showed a picture of
us from our time in London mark
Jonathan has says Highland can you still
remember me no I'm so sorry
if you tell if you give me some pointers
that where we might have discussed
things I might have it but will come
back to me yeah what's with the wedding
she asks it was just a short break
literally just a quick add while I was
trying to sort the dog because the dog
was barking her face off so I was just
putting her in here with me and I just
put that on just to give me time to do
that so I've been asked if you'll if
you're given the chance to go already to
the Philippines where do you want to go
first I've heard Cebu is lovely
maybe Cebu in Palawan
quite swarming in there Barkai yeah bark
I may be
trish brown Park says mind telling us
how we can connect with you on your
social media account well YouTube is the
one I tend to use the most in terms of
like chatting with you guys but in terms
of sharing information I do use other
social media accounts so here are my
details right there for you for your pee
use all my also asked where do I live I
live in the UK live in Birmingham a
contest has no near or no Meah thing is
anemia anemia says hi Dan who will you
go with your trip to the Philippines
just iron I'm afraid I was hoping to
bring Ryan with me but I don't think
we're gonna be able to raise enough
money to fund the second ticket mark -6
says we can do group reactions together
with Filipino subscribers ripped into a
video and add to your own channel just
doing a challenge video like what he did
already the dryer nappy that's a good
idea actually we could do yeah when we
do meet and greet we could do all sorts
of thing can wait yeah memory is right
wherever you go those be a great
experience some hospitality other people
the third things she says can you say a
Birmingham with the accent no ammonia
and actually did you know that when
people do mean burn on Birmingham accent
it's not actually from Burma one but a
nearby borough
there's a bit of a fax for you
jiae's says you should bring your
mother-in-law I'm sure she'd like to go
as well actually
Paula asked will you update would you
pull your Blazers with the travel vlog I
will I will all things I film Amer the
Philippines will be going live once I'm
back from the Philippines but leading up
to it I'll be doing live shows like this
and maybe other little random videos as
well just to kind of maybe build a
little bit of hype up and let you know
what I'm doing well going I kind of
stuff that me fun on it mark says KLM
know when we flying with Emirates unless
you mean okay oh hang on was I talking
to you about flights sponsors from
flights okay Alex
challenge me into a Filipino tongue
twister okay okay
all right don't think of it again so let
me give it as graphic as well there we
go
please say how many 100 and we read it
first then I want to say a tenth liars
I'm doing three times okay that means
then we simply do it Peter put Pete on
putting to pack it up put Pete on
putting two per pizza put pig feet hun
losing temper that was a bad for a first
girl and think and that's all
pronunciations wrong mark also says we
hope you have a meat from the Brian I'd
be too and also your wifey it's unlikely
if if none of them wouldn't come with me
kind of for a ticket for everyone Miriah
likes my accent thank you hello Alan
thanks for tuning in and Joey says are
you able to post any reaction this week
that is my plan I am playing I know I've
been having an alternative an alternate
week
that's not the right word is it
alternating perhaps week every every
other week I'm having a reaction no
reaction reactionary action and that's
not my intention it's just kind of how
things and happen so far with my work
and stuff so I'm kind of hoping it
doesn't have to be a more regular thing
but my intention is to do more reactions
this weekend cut it means 77 white
shapes Wow so do seven white sheeps only
seven white sheep 77 white sheep that's
easy to say isn't it I can easily say
that the Mobe
what is the mode challenge Johanna says
you pronounce the tongue-twister words
as I imagined oh so I've gotten wrong
then that's a shame anyway guys I've
just realized the time it's prelates for
you I guess white 30 now I thought you
that I suppose it's late for me it's
lunchtime for me I'm pretty hungry that
break thought I had earlier didn't give
me a chance to go and get that I had a
drink I'll about it so on that note
thanks for tuning in as I mentioned
before my in the description box below
is my travel dates and where I'll be
staying also look in the linked in the
description box below is a link to my
GoFundMe campaign and just for you guys
watching now if we manage to raise
enough money or all the money perfectly
if we manage to raise all the money by
the 7th of July I will do the next set
of reactions in my underwear yes I know
I know
so thanks for watching I hope you
enjoyed in this video has been
entertaining I think for you guys you
guys seem to tune in pretty much for the
whole hour and I'm actually so thank you
for tuning in
I've enjoyed myself hopefully you guys
have had enough information about my
trip already I will continue updating my
videos as the weeks and the months go by
with flight
my combinations my conditions already
sorted my plane my flights and any other
parts whites in their area including my
charity days my wish birthday my my
greeting greet Trish it's me a
meet-and-greet days and I gotta stuff
and I will see you next time thanks
again
