yeah
forward
if classes
grasp on
the fun
boom
I was I was trying to turn around here
and there's barely fell into the little
rut so stuck and then we got helped out
by some nice people
oh yeah
whoa all right go back go go forward
back
whoo
listen sorry by yourself
thank you Swami yeah this is this is how
deep it was a man that thing got us well
um I go whoo okay well that was exciting
yeah exercise one more okay so we were
out here to go show you guys a lot for
sale and we're gonna go check it out
right now
oh yeah
Oh drive drive your bonnet they you're
gonna wobble but I know right
very strong
[Applause]
okay so the main road is right behind us
my wife's coming down
and this lot over here is for sale I
think they were saying they have them
sprayed over here so the grass is
overgrown and stuff so I wasn't
expecting to be doing this today I
thought we were just driving the tagline
beautiful area but we're coming out here
like right at 1:00 p.m. it's really hot
right now
hmm
all around up and down so all you guys
push down the show you guys ah
so all of the grass that's pushed down
there all the way up there is the lot
for sale
they've got was a dwarf coconut date
palm tree what a lot coconut oh no
coconuts
one more than one hectare holy cow
that's big you didn't know Hector is
bigger than an acre
all the roads up there how about Kuya
what Sakuya doing over there all the way
over there - all the way down there
where ku yes oh wow wait so all the way
back there and then all the way behind
behind us all up there all the way down
there and what's this what's this down
there hey Carl translate be boxer and in
there there's a road access and there it
good
oh we just went through the shortcrust
from the road after where you can enter
your car you can enter a car this and
then that road is all the way and the
road the lattice all the way there and
straight over there but as you can see
really so but it goes down here is that
there's there water down there the slope
let's go with Korea I mean this is a lot
of land being title of course you've
known a day for years haven't you
oh so see see your relatives
his mom and my grandfather our first
look at the house is all over the
mountains yeah that house has the
overlooking shot foreigner a foreigner
lives there and then oh cool
and over here you can see me more
mountains oh yeah this guy's it's
walking through so you can just see all
the mountains over there Wow there's a
foreigner lives right there so you know
this place is safe
hello okay actually two foreigners live
around here
we just passed another house before we
got here they said foreigner lives in
think a westerner foreigner your p.m. so
this is there a lot although I'm walking
on all the way up to here oh wow
all over there oh wow goes down there to
the right skills yeah but from from down
here what all right here that one that's
the that one behind way down there
oh it's hidden behind all that stuff
oh wow goes way down there to the corn I
can't show it on this you guys see this
corn right here well it goes behind this
tree and there's a land goes all the way
over there so how make one hectare 1.1
hectare flat more than so more than one
hectare
if you built up here on the hill there's
a bunch of foreigners here haha cool
well seriously if you've built up here
you might have to remove a couple
coconut trees but if you've built up
here sorry Bob I cooked a couple coconut
trees but then you would have like
Mountain View mikage there's 180 coconut
trees here oh yeah then it wouldn't be a
big deal to where's the property end
here like to the the very farther
farthest or listen banana
okay stops there so you could definitely
get Mountain View if you build a
two-story place here for sure look at
those mountains see it looks so small in
this phone but there's a mountain view
here what right there that one yeah that
one looks big
oh man you could just so this is his to
this land
oh man right here's good right there
other swans just take out these two
coconut trees and build your house right
there yeah
de Bosley you can put a bullet right
there you just cut down these two it
goes over there to all the way to the
dwarf coconut or on a hand and then one
more on a handful more path does it go
past the coconut trees mommy so where's
the boundary hon no better to find we
lost on that my culo not all is square
and put on atomic all the way over there
oh man yeah okay yep then those coconut
trees way over there is the ending of
here though I'm staying right here is
this place to build because all that is
showing and the air spawns are here so
nice place clean title you guys want to
check it out
just showing you guys what's up for sale
[Music]
so like we said before this is just a
shortcut the main road and entrance is
up there over hectare 180 coconut trees
mountain view other foreigners living in
the area nice people the road needs work
up here the roads pretty bumpy and
there's like a little deal ordeal but
huh other yeah I ran a little bit still
kind of a dirt road but it's got a few
weird drops better than that it's about
ten minutes to downtown whoo by right by
me so the guys liked this video
yeah don't lean up against that ha oh my
god hahaha Merry Christmas
hahaha so yeah because
