hey guys welcome back to my channel I'm
Yusuf so today I'm looking into the top
10 filipino singers who went viral on
youtube now this will be a little bit
different from the videos of what I
usually do usually pick a specific
artist like Maury said Aman regine
velasquez the TNT boys and just watch
them so it'll be nice to see this
compilation of various Filipino singers
who I'm sure are just I'm almost
determined at this point if you are
Filipino you can't sing like you are
just born talented and for me I was not
born Filipino whenever I'm singing in
the shower it's very apparent that I'm
not Filipino it's not pretty it's not a
sight that anybody wants this see before
we get into this if you guys can drop a
big ol thumbs up down below it only
takes about one second and it helps me
out so so so much comment down below
what I should react to next and
subscribe if you haven't already
the shoutout for this video is actually
gonna go to Holly Nico so I'm just gonna
put in his Instagram right here be sure
to go follow him because he does support
this channel so you guys should go
support them so the way they can even be
shoutout within this channel it's super
super simple so all you have to do is
just go to my Instagram drop a big old
follow like the most recent picture and
that's it you're automatically eligible
to be shut out within my next video so
you guys probably want me to stop
talking and zip my lips and get to watch
it I'm excited because I never get to do
videos like this and I'm excited to see
a variety of singers this time
Oh how was it okay sweetie isla Aquino
remember that name ooh the power come on
[Music]
hmm and she's sitting down can we just
say that like and this looks like she
was put on the spot oh my god I feel
like I'm in the classroom oh my gosh
they're young and look how talented they
are only Filipinos yes
[Music]
well this is so cute
how do they know each other I wonder I
wonder if they're like brothers or
cousins come on let's go home
those kids I love this song come on hmm
just so pleasant to hear
[Music]
[Applause]
it's so effortless for all these people
it's just so apparent I love this all
Jun this video was made for me oh my
gosh why is this so normal for everyone
around them in America everyone would be
freaking out a Disney Princess what's
her name
I want to know if this one's name is
they didn't put it oh now they're
freaking out okay good okay very calm
but then they showed appreciation
[Music]
[Music]
popular song one day it's the second
time I'm seeing now they're all sitting
down that's why I just realized every
single one about I think so
[Music]
that's talent they're so talented the
honk scare name
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
come on come on
[Music]
[Music]
SIA you might be out of a job you need
to watch out oh my gosh my gosh
[Music]
come on come on the swagger come on come
on oh I'm excited I've read about the
news mmm
okay I love it a little like originality
there how did it uniqueness to it
[Music]
[Music]
just like Borla talent
[Music]
oh my gosh my gosh do y'all hear this
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
the power and the power of huff
oh my gosh oh my god Oh run with his
legs crossed with his leg like oh my god
come on he sounds a little bit like Jay
beeps okay might be better than Jay beef
[Applause]
[Music]
sorry for my singing my gosh play guitar
and sing like that like I'm talentless I
have no time
[Music]
she's so amazing so angelic she needs to
be a Disney Princess Disney give her a
contract right now I want a
multimillion-dollar deal on the fly oh
my god how was it it was amazing thank
you for asking
Wow if I ever want to feel more
talentless than I already did there we
go like that just proved to me wow I
have no talent and that Filipino singer
is like mmm there they're the pinnacle
of just like masters of singing when you
begin to realize though that there's a
kid common trend within all these
singers is that they know how to sell
the story line we're all that was really
cool to watch I think it was nice to see
a different sort of video rather than
these professional Filipino singers who
already made it to the top this was a
lot different because these were just
random everyday people who were just
showing their talents and people
recording them and I think it makes it a
lot more authentic and it shows just the
raw ability and their talent at the end
of the day and it's kind of something
refreshing to see so I really really
enjoyed that if you guys have any other
video ideas I should be really looking
into be sure to drop it down below
comment down below what you think I
should react to next
subscribe if you haven't already and if
you really like this video be sure to
drop a big ol thumbs up down below it
really helps people know that I'm
posting again you guys won't be eligible
for these shots within my videos so just
go to my Instagram like the most recent
picture and you're automatically all
eligible to be potentially seeing your
face on the next video thank you so much
for watching I'll see you guys next time
bye
