the battle for control of Malawi a
Philippine government has declared
martial law in the southern mindanao
region where its military has been
battling isil linked fighters his rights
groups expressed concern what's behind
this latest crisis this is inside story
[Music]
[Music]
hello welcome to the program I'm
Rochelle Carey for millions of Filipinos
the term martial law often conjures up
the military rule of former leader
foreign an Marcos but the current
president a regular ter Tay says it's
necessary to put down ISIL linked
fighters in the southern region of
Mindanao the city of meroe has been
under siege by armed groups since a
military raid on Tuesday president de
tara jay has warned the philippines is
at grave risk of what he calls
contamination by ISIL
it's our guest to talk about this in a
moment first though Jamila Alan Dugan
has this report in this video obtained
by al-jazeera members of the mao-a armed
group appeared to be combat training in
the hinterlands of Lanna province the
group was formed by two brothers Omar
and Abdullah maota both were educated in
the Middle East they come from a
powerful political clan in southern
Philippines the mounted group was
initially formed as part of the family's
private militia but over the last few
years it is adopted a violent stance
using symbols associated with ISIL the
mouth is specifically harassed and
killed Christians in the area and since
last year they have been raising isil's
black flag in several government
facilities since 2012 there have been
reports that foreign fighters have
joined them and funding from abroad has
started to flow in it is estimated the
mout a group has about 200 fighters
according to the Philippine military
most of the recruits have been attracted
to join because of money
and the influence of social media but
many here believe that there are also
those who are attracted to the idea of
revenge as a result of a vicious cycle
of violence and displacement that has
plagued Mindanao for decades
you know children in an evacuation
center or children in remote areas who
may have not felt the basic services
that can be afforded to them by the
government they will be vulnerable to
any indoctrination they can easily say
that there is no hope in this what we
call government the mounted group is now
battling it out with the Philippine
military as a result president Rodrigo
Duterte has imposed martial law across
the region of Mindanao for the next few
months the government believes that an
all-out defensive will mean the end for
armed groups like the mao-a but many
here believe that is simply not enough
Human Rights Watch say an rebellion is
also rooted from the failure of
government to provide the basic needs
Mindanao has long been held back by
poverty and war and many here believe
also that local leaders have failed to
look after the youth here who all say
the same thing they have largely been
forgotten by society thousands of people
have already fled from their homes since
the fighting began just days ago we are
sad to see the situation our children
are just sleeping anywhere we can't work
and it's a difficult life most of the
rebels fighting the military were like
these children displaced their lives
momentarily suspended because of a
conflict and so many you see the need to
protect these children so they will not
have to suffer the same fate
Chameli dog and al-jazeera malawi city
southern philippines
[Music]
before we bring in our panel let's first
speak to these folks none of the
Philippine military Brigadier General
restitute oppa dia and general thank you
very much what is president tutor to
hoping to accomplish with martial law
well the most important consideration is
the restoration of the rule of law and
order in the island of Mindanao for
quite some time now there have been a
series of violent activities and some of
these have been related to rebellious
groups that have been trying to
establish specific enclaves in the
island of Mindanao this series of
activities has caused a series of
disorders and lawlessness has broken out
in this areas much to the disadvantage
of many of our law abiding citizens
perhaps from our reading in the military
this is what is the most important
consideration that the
commander-in-chief has taken into
costing for the forming or or leading to
the declaration of martial law were
there other options considered that
perhaps aren't so heavy-handed well you
cannot declare a certain emergency in a
specific area
if the supporting structures and the
other members of this group are also
present in other areas and hence the
threat that we face spans two different
provinces that need to be acted on from
a bigger perspective and from both sides
of Mindanao if you are if you have been
monitoring the situation in this part of
our country we have had relentless and
focused military operations in the area
of Basilan some well some Wonga hello
and tawi-tawi to answer these threats
that have been coming from the kidnap
for ransom group Abu Sayyaf and lately
there
a series of lawlessness happening in the
areas of central Mindanao most of these
have been perpetrated by armed groups
belonging to these groups known as the
bi FF the AKP
and the multi group which lately have
pledged allegiance to the - now this
lawlessness is increasingly becoming a
problem that we need to nip in the bud
and a con do you your government has
said that there are other fighters that
are coming into the country - to take
advantage of the situation what proof do
you have that we have had the series of
operations previously that clearly
indicated the presence of foreign
fighters based on what we have recovered
we have been able to address this
specifically and seen that many of them
have been coming to the aid of these
armed elements to encourage them to
spouse radicalism and extremism and to
take over certain parts of Mindanao as a
Caliphate of sort this is something that
is untenable for us and we need to act
on it this armed groups need to be
addressed and this rebellious activities
that have been going on in this areas
are now take going to a boil they have
been much more dauntless in their
activities and that is why part of this
activity that has gone wrong in Malawi
has led to this declaration earlier on
we were acting on an information that a
leader of this group was present in the
area and we are about to effect an
arrest together with elements of the
police
unfortunately the place seems to have
been taken over by quite a number of
these rebels rebellious groups and
terrorists who may have been planning
all along
take over the whole area and general
presidents Erte I went I'm going to read
to you something that he has said he
said I have always said do not force my
hand into it because if I start to
declare martial law I will solve all the
problems of Mindanao connected with law
and order and then he went on to say
this similar to Ferdinand Marcos the
dictator what do you say to somebody in
your country who doesn't feel good about
that well many of those who are in
Mindanao understand the situation they
are in
being a occupants of the island and this
breakdown of order in many of these
parts that have been mentioned has been
going on for quite some time
and we need to address that and the
other parts of the country are not
covered if I may say it's only the
island of Mindanao were a series of
violent activities and rebellious events
or incidents have occurred so he being
an inhabitant or a resident of Mindanao
knows the dynamics that have been going
on here there has been a proliferation
of loose firearms many terrorist groups
that have exposed legions to a
international terrorist organization
that has exposed radicalism and
extremism and the like so this eruption
of violent activities that have been
related and connected to this group have
also led to many of many other violent
activities but we want to take care of
the peace and order we want to restore
law and order you want to imply
stability if I can ask them to watch the
decklid I can interrupt and then what is
the president's timeline for
accomplishing this a restoring law and
order as you have said based on the
Constitution we have about 60 days to
effect and bring about normalcy so the
document that we gathered from the
Declaration will provide us a 60 day
period in order to effect May
any of this ringing back to normalcy in
this violent there areas okay general
padilha thank you so much for your time
thank you very much for having us and
good evening joining us now by Skype
from Manila Richard hi Darian professor
of political science at manila's Dessau
University in Oxford in the United
Kingdom
Andrew scores professor of cores
analytics and in Big Al Philippines also
joining us via Skype arey Roke a member
of the 17th Congress of the Philippines
and a human rights activist and thank
you all for joining us so we just
wrapped up a conversation with a
spokesman for the Philippines military
who continued to try to make the case
that the martial law was necessary do
you buy that Richard well I mean the
government of the Philippines is yet to
provide it very specific justification
for why it was martial law not only a
state of emergency and why the entirety
of Mindanao not only the morale region
so we're yet to see that kind of
justification coming out of the
government but most likely the
government has some intelligence report
that suggests Isis affiliate groups in
the country are planning coordinated
attacks at least across Mindanao
therefore president deter that had to
take this quite draconian pre-emptive
measure but the fact of the matter is
that the operationalization of the
martial law is the more important
question unfortunately the Department of
National Defense came up with a
guideline set of guidelines yesterday a
word by they assured the citizens of
Mindanao and that country in general
that this martial law will not be a you
know kind of a resuscitation of the
draconian kind of order that was
existing in the Philippines during the
Marcos dictatorship and that the basic
civil liberties and political rights of
the citizens will be respected so maybe
martial law sounds scary but the details
but the devil is in the details and the
devil is in the implementation and
that's where the Philippine military has
been so far more reassuring than being a
source of concern okay having said that
Harry um um how do you feel about the
assurances that this is not going to be
like it was before and that this is
necessary
etc etc do you buy that well you see
under the Philippine Constitution there
are only two grounds by which a martial
law can be declared and one of them is
rebellion now I think on the basis of
what we've seen there's been a public
taking up of arms for the purpose of
removing from allegiance of the Republic
of the Philippines a portion of morale
BCP and therefore I think it's apparent
that the legal basis for the declaration
of martial law is indeed present however
martial law is never a pleasant thing
we've had a very bad experience with
Marshall during the time of the dictator
Marc Ferdinand Marcos and what helps now
assure the people that somehow this
martial law will not be the same as the
previous martial law are the
institutional safeguards found in our
1987 Constitution
so unlike the Marcos dictatorship
martial law Congress remains open the
courts remains open the 1987
Constitution arm remains effective and
the citizenry are protected by the Bill
of Rights
Anders do you think that Congress is
actually an adequate check on president
deter tain now that martial law has been
imposed well my understanding is that
duterte has the majority in congress and
so there's not going to be much of a
check there from the Philippine Congress
the concern from the international
community is that this is in line with
doTERRA today's general lean towards
authoritarianism whether it's his
friendships with Russia and China his
avoidance of the u.s. even insulting us
leaders and avoiding EU aid I think the
concern there is that this is as
expected from someone who's increasing
an authoritarian approach to politics
and in the Philippines and I think
that's a huge concern you talk about
American leaders yes he did have bad
things to say about former President
Barack Obama but it seems that he and
the current president Donald Trump have
actually said very kind things about
each other and to each other what type
of reaction would you like to get from
the international community for and in
for there to be any type of check on
this Anders and I will get back to you I
want you
that is well Richard but first Anders
well I guess the snub that I'm talking
about in terms of Trump is that Trump is
very clearly invited Duterte to the
White House and there's not been a
reciprocal invitation or an acceptance
of the invitation so I think that's seen
as a snub by some panelists and would
instill mean I think that is a concern
and even though you're right even though
he did not accept they still had a
conversation just a few days ago where
Donald Trump continued to compliment him
on on his leadership style so one would
expect that given all those concessions
from Trump and that friendliness and
that taking the first step from Trump
that duterte would have responded
positively the fact that he didn't
respond positively suggests that it's
not the fact that we were going after
the drug war and the human rights issues
that makes duterte lean towards Russia
and China maybe something else it may be
economic the aid that that duterte is
hoping to get from China Richard what
type of reaction do you expect from the
international community to this martial
law particularly if it continues to stay
in place well I mean first of all
something very interesting happened
right the third was in Russia two people
the Philippines today is trying to
diversify away from the United States
and the European Union who have
criticizes war on drugs his human rights
record and yet now in Mindanao the very
entities that have helped that
Philippines the most are the European
Union to investment in the peace process
and the United States to counter terror
cooperation and the response from the
White House was very supportive was very
conciliatory in fact the White House
immediately said that we stand strong
with the Philippines and cotton code
we are proud ally of the Philippines and
I'm not sure if it Duterte completely
snob Trump in fact from what I know
through my sources at the highest level
in the government there is a plan for
detector to visit the White House later
this year probably in September October
and in November Trump is going to come
to Manila for the East Asia Summit and
most likely the two sides are going to
patch up their differences so now the
turtle perhaps has to stop kind of
insulting the west and be more pragmatic
and realistic and try to seek their
assistance we
dealing with the problem in now because
this Isis problem is not going to go
away it's just going to get worse we
have reports that suggest there were
foreign fighters among the Malta groups
so it seems that the problem in the now
is becoming internationalized and
international jihadi groups could join
along later on if this problem is not
dealt with all right away I think that
is why the martial law declaration mean
that now we'll get support from the
Philippine Congress and the broader
population right so I want that yeah
we'll be threat to the country there
will be opposition against that okay
when I talk about to want to talk about
you're saying about about ISIL fighters
Anders how significant is the presence
of ISIL and ISIL sympathizers in the
Philippines and the impact that they're
having well my understanding from
reporting is that Isis because it's so
focused on Raqqa Mosul Iraq Syria is
actually pulling back some of its
support from international groups now
I'd there's as far as I know there's no
evidence that's come out to show that
Isis or ISIL is financially supporting
the insurgents in Mindanao I don't see
that they're being operationally
controlled by Isis abroad that the
insurgency in Mindanao or the unrest
there has lasted for quite a long time
and in past administrations have dealt
with that insurgency in other ways that
aren't using martial law and not only
using martial law but then following
that up by threatening to spread martial
law based on that too you know all of
the Philippines for example so I think
that's I think it's a very dangerous
thing and I and and there's so much
smoke here in terms of authoritarian the
increase of authoritarianism that I
think it's maybe we're maybe we've gone
too far by declaring Martial Law maybe
this could have been done with regular
police methods or even regular military
methods to root out the insurgency
without taking away rights of
individuals Harry considering what the
things that President Erte himself has
said when it comes to extrajudicial
killings and killing drug dealers
things that he himself is on the record
claiming to have done when you put that
couple that with the fact that he is now
declared martial law what concerns do
you have for just the average person in
the Philippines well you see the
Declaration of martial law anyway to
really look at it is worrisome law we
now have the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus the most effective tool to
protect Liberty effectively suspended in
the noun and that should be reason for
alarm bells particularly for different
variants but what I'm saying now is we
have a case of first impression this is
the first time that we have an extended
declaration of martial law since the new
constitution and as I said the 1987
Constitution is precisely a you know a
reactionary document in response to the
dark experience of the Philippines under
martial law and that's why Congress
remains open the courts remains open the
Bill of Rights remains operative now and
it's also very important to highlight
that although the privilege of the writ
is suspended it is only suspended for
cases involving on the prefer the
grounds for the declaration of martial
law and that are that's basically
rebellion and the inflation so all other
crimes are subject still prohibits quite
personal so they can only detail armed
individuals and these individuals will
be the rep of an ego remedy if it's in
connection with ongoing rebellion that
became the basis for the declaration of
martial Richard and in your opinion is
there component of taking this action
that is more political then let me just
leave it at that do you think there's a
component to this that is that it's
political one of them definitely I think
as first president dessert is concerned
my reading of him is that he wants
maximum possible legally way to deal
what he believes are the major national
Calandra whether it's the drug issue
whether it's the terrorism assuring
mindanao I think he wants a maximum
Dewayne has been very open about it but
president deterred assess one thing he
prefers one thing the Deuter to
administration in general doesn't
necessarily always follow what the
director says or what they turned at
once that's why I think it's important
to also emphasize
all of the Philippine military and this
is a military that has gone to a long
process of internalizing democratic
rights it is actually tasked with
protecting the Philippine Constitution
not not just following the president
blindly and so far the efforts I see
from the Philippine defense
establishment is to reassure people that
this martial law is not a revival of the
kind of a horrific scenario the
Philippines was facing during the Marcos
period and as I said if the turtle wants
to take the martial law on a nationwide
basis I expect opposition within the
Philippine Congress you already have
several senators including those allied
allied to present detected openly saying
there is absolutely no basis for martial
law all across the country and up up to
this point it's actually still debatable
whether the martial law is correct or
not because I mean some talk about
rebellion I kinda agree there's an
element of rebellion here but but the
government also talks about the element
of invasion because they're certain for
foreign fighters there so I think they
have to make it very clear what exactly
is the basis for this is it invasion is
it rebellion is it both and but but I
think as long as this is just in
Mindanao I think the Philippine Congress
and the Philippine public will go along
with it but once it goes beyond Mindanao
that's where there's going to be so
Anders Anders where are we
fast-forward to 60 days when the
authorization for this is allegedly
Renick runs out or is challenged where
are we in 60 days from now what do you
think well that'll be the question
whether the Philippine Congress
reaffirms that martial law because they
can they can keep it going for as long
as they would like to do so the the
interesting thing is that the Congress
has the opportunity now to cancel the
martial law which I personally think
would probably be a good idea given the
circumstances the other question I would
have is was this martial law initiated
by the generals and by the military in
Mindanao because they told the Jha hey
we really need this extra tool we really
need to suspend habeas corpus for
certain citizens or was this something
that was initiated by Duterte I did not
see the military calling for martial law
before Duterte called announced martial
law so I to me that's quite problematic
okay well we will have to see how this
all continues to play out and gentlemen
thank you all for the discussion
appreciate it very much I'm sure we'll
be calling on all of you again
thank you to the Brigadier General who
joined us at the top of the show
restitute oppa Delia Richard a dairy and
Andrew scores and Harry Roque and thank
you for watching as well
you can watch the program in any time if
you get our website it's aljazeera.com
also refer the discussion go to our
Facebook page it's facebook.com forward
slash AJ inside story you can join the
conversation on Twitter or handle is @h
a inside story from me Rachelle carry
the entire team bye for now
you
