[Music]
what's up guys today we'll be checking
out video cord AGT exposed Indian
reaction chant task I salute your fans
get over the ATT champion scam coughs
okay before you guys watch this video
Holly's just going back and watching my
reaction to Indians I'm gonna say call
out video there's kind of what was
before that video - I'm guessing you
guys who are watching and also react to
the world YouTube channel of which we
better check out his response to that
video I didn't understand the point of
obey Vella sharing his thoughts on that
because he kindly contradicted himself
commenting on me on this sirak drama and
didn't really understand why the fans
are making such a big deal of this but I
think it's very hard to understand but
I've been waiting to watch this
particular video all day you guys have
been running my conversation up with
this unnecessary drama and I want to add
my two cents so let's do so I'm accused
of click beating people with hashtag no
shame
well I'm gonna tell you what I think
[Music]
because of my egt expose wait we're
gonna be doing a lot of pausing for this
because this guy's pretty good at what
he does makes a little better points I
can't talk over it because I'm that's
what he's saying but my thoughts on why
dogs being caught out is because he's
been gaining high volume of traffic and
it comes to that for the peanut audience
which obviously Oh Bella obey that she
is that same audience and I'm pretty
sure that's why he's chimed in on this
whole drama by saying we should not get
involved in the drama but still posting
a video that in both the drama therefore
attracting the same if you was to his
channel to us video just like saying
you're not going to eat the last ice
cream while actually eating the last ice
cream knowing that does a great way to
describe this pretty much what he's done
and how a GT is taking advantage of all
the talents going on our show from
Marcelino to Angelina to pretty much
everyone true average income
big enough youtuber when a fellow
youtuber who has over 600,000
subscribers by the name of ela runs this
channel called visa dnews cause me out a
citizen who runs a couple of channels he
is a reactor and he predominately covers
things from the Philippines and of
course if you've been following our
channel recently especially if you're a
big Marcelino fan you realize he is in
the limelight these days because of his
amazing run America's Got Talent
champions and his amazing ability to
seem with two voices and with a lot of
controversy that's been going on with
this particular season of a GT that we
know is actually controversy that's been
going on for quite some time I think
people are focusing on the wrong thing
it's cooler people but the fact that
maybe Marcel Ito was treated unfairly I
don't care about that
someone like Avila thinks that everyone
should just get over it that when it
comes to show like a GT manipulating
viewers is an acceptable part of the
game he says just focus on the talent
ignore how they are treated that's hard
for me to do when I empathize with how
they're being treated exactly this is
what Avila has posted up on his YouTube
channel basically calling me out looks
like a GT exposed to some youtubers
abusing of it hashtag no shame wife
writes composed in the last couple of
weeks in a series of videos that I've
been making on this subject matter I
think they're so shady though the way
they ferment
this is what I want to say about this by
the way I actually did write - Olivia
directly after I saw these posts from
him did he do the same should he do the
same tried to make the video probably
not told me all those term AGT exposed
but I'm trying to clickbait people to
watch my videos and then I had no shame
in doing so and my answer to that is
guitar it's true in fact I am
deliberately fueling the spread of this
wire fire well I'm not quite done yet
this is the thing that Avilan doesn't
get I am very passionate about
entertainment yeah I get so I've been
working in entertainment business for my
entire career
and you know as I'm doing YouTube I
guess you can still say I'm in the
entertainment business have you been on
both sides of the business in terms of
being an executive it also being the
creator I realize how much I am
connected with fellow artists and
creators and what they have to go
through and I knew that as I started to
dig into what happens with reality TV
shows I really wanted to tackle this
issue and move beyond just making
reaction videos and in fact reaction
videos on our channel here those were
the training wheels for us in other
words it became a way to learn how to do
you - exactly learn how to use a camera
how to talk in front of the camera how
to do lights how to do research and as I
get comfortable with it I started to
venture into topics that I'm very
passionate about like the whole HGT
exposed series and I'm happy to say that
I'm shameless about promoting it because
I think it's something important that
people need to talk about especially in
light of the fact that the show is on
right now and in about a week when the
show is over I realize a lot of the
interest is going to die down so I've
been very aggressive about trying to
make sure I make a video about this as
often as I can the last couple of weeks
people's attention is on this matter for
some reason Avila thinks that what I'm
doing is taking advantage of the
Filipino people right he literally
posted up on his community when you have
fought this hard to expose AGT if a
Filipino wasn't participating if he had
sir - probably absolutely
now if Avila really care about mark I
mean if you're aware about it what was
your marsley enough because he's made of
eight videos out of his last 11 covering
Marcelino i didn't tell Marcelino and
his fans to just get over it perhaps
make a video on how marshall doesn't
understand come this provide some
strategies how he could take his career
to the next level actually show him how
he is bigger than a GT you know like I
did well video share my advice and my
knowledge of how the music industry
works and how social media works so that
he can grow a big present my ridiculous
video a positivity and good advice in
this video oh and after why I have a
particular Filipino by as well my wife
is Filipino so make sure you never lie
I may need you class right there half my
family is Filipino help to say that I do
have a bias there doing the research
maybe that doesn't do any reason to make
the whole channel dedicated to that
so yeah you would know Filipinos for the
win it's interesting that Avila in
particular is calling out the Filipino
community when he doesn't seem to get is
that the Filipinos have suffered so much
injustice over the years the country as
a population because of corruption and
yeah but that so many I love such
romantic web Cena who work overseas are
treated poorly and are taken advantage
of but he doesn't understand what he
doesn't see is that people like Lulu's
BOM who has to leave behind her life and
her family in the Philippines to go work
in another country just to be able to
provide for the family
and how is she see something like
Marcelino being treated it's hard for
someone like her to not empathize with
that yeah because what we're seeing with
Marcelino someone who's able to rise
above it all and yet still being treated
poorly you may say that's just part of
the game i say that reactors like us can
help change the game up in something
here that is much bigger than him and i
want to make sure as many people hear
about this because a lot of artists are
suffering from this in fact this is so
important to me that i am perfectly fine
with other reactors ride my research
views ship summary doctors even take my
research and my clips that I film while
at the show and do my analysis put in
their own watermark on it claiming it as
there is emotion what i perfectly find
with us this is because for the first
time I am seeing so many reactors
finally making commentary videos about
this issue rather than just making
reaction videos where they're just
sitting there and watching maybe these
reactors are finally waking up and
saying well if I really care about the
talent that I'm covering maybe I should
do more than just react to these videos
maybe I should mean more than just
saying that was a beautiful performance
but also understand what plight they're
going through their trials and their
tribulations is lost about reactions in
this process as I'm trying to click that
you to watch my videos and as these
reactors are making their own videos
maybe they realize that all of us
combined can expose an issue has been
going on for quite some time
in the reality TV world effect in the
tala that we love so much maybe we can
do anything saying this week on with
this show
which is just one step away from asking
people to just ignore corruption as it's
developing there are so many creators
and youtubers that are you know making
videos about the fact that AGT is a show
that is cheating the performance and
mostly to boomers Sue's mind cities
might they say it's just how business is
done this sort of thing is normal but if
we don't like it we should just go watch
something else take our business
elsewhere
so stay on the side I just kind of think
about like how I sit here as a reactor
and just feel like all I'm doing is
reactions and that's it I don't think
I'm having a meaningful impact on this
platform we just mentioned the impact
this is what I've been saying throughout
much of the pains is not just about
reaction videos you guys have you seen
my season 5 vlogs and the for the piece
you will notice that I was questioning
the purpose was and the impact that I
wanted to leave behind I didn't want to
be
duck in a box just making reaction
videos because there's more to all of
this all of that then reaction videos
yes we wouldn't be here if it wasn't for
reaction videos but all of us can use
what we've built on YouTube on making
reaction videos to making a bigger
impact in this world and by using it our
voice that's platform anything is
possible if you just two minds work but
even what you're actually doing but even
what you're saying instead of just
sitting back and saying no this isn't a
big deal cuz that's essentially what he
was saying in this video he was telling
you guys have a think which is why I
think a lot of you guys view has stuff
up at the end because it was almost like
he was trying to control for the peanut
audience as a whole across all channels
that's kind of what it came down to me
so I'm doing his reactions and that's it
I don't think I'm having a meaningful
impact on this platform I mean I'm so
glad that's exactly how the problem that
I'm kind of like these big companies who
are just taking advantage of these
artists to just get my views just for my
own personal much it is we've done
different reactors who are jumping on
this trend realize which side of the
fence they sit on the funny themes of
Elah I think the best way to convey why
this is important is the framing in a
way that you as a fellow youtuber would
get and that is that if you are so
concerned about like how you to takes
advantage of you we see a lot of videos
online these days from reactors about
how YouTube is blocking your video and
how you to takes advantage of you and
how so hard to make money on YouTube
because of these repeaters whoopsie
little jokes are taken advantage of and
really it's just a bluff videos they
annoy me like what I really care about
you claim so may not care about that so
they basically do not follow the rule of
fair use
what's that much different than what I
see with the show like America's Got
Talent
and what they're doing to someone like
MRSA Leto or Angelina or just about any
other act so yes I am very dim
passionate about this and yes I am
fighting for it I want to say I'm a
conspiracy theorist or someone who has
an agenda I am simply raising how a show
that I once really really loved as
someone who watched it and as someone
with my wife react to all the different
acts I'm realizing the show has ventured
to an area that I'm not comfortable with
anymore and he just practices aren't
brought to light you can be sure they
think they can push it further and at
this point I do believe they're
transgress into an area where viewer
manipulation is resulted in a lot of
people feel like they're being taken
advantage of I mean you just look at all
the fans out there who are leaving
comments in our videos in terms of how
they attracting a lot of viewers about
this I'm a bit what they see anymore so
a feeling you think I'm creating
clickbait but I'm creating videos that
is all hype and no substance well let me
just show you how much substance go into
this video series exposing AGT I've been
doing research on this for the last six
months ever since we started covering
AGT have gone to the live shows had
talked with people at the live shows
have asked the very specific questions
of what happened versus what didn't
happen and have actually talked with a
number of different contestants and also
see on trusses guys wearing this base on
that people who have exposed some of
these different themes before as well so
I have done my research because what I'm
trying to show here isn't a one-time
issue with Marcelino what I'm trying to
show here is that there is a pattern of
behavior that is going to affect someone
like MRSA you know and the next artist
from the Philippines and the next artist
after that's a from another country for
anywhere yeah yeah the controversy is
this year has helped me get my message
out there and marcelina and these other
artists have unfortunately been caught
up in the mix so I use them as examples
to hammer home how real the problem is I
mean after all Marcia Luna does have a
huge fan base who really care about his
well-being he struggled through a lot
and they're very protective oh yeah yeah
to you Vila is this even though you
build your channel around being a
reactor if you take a step back here you
realize what the opportunity in life
provides for you what you to provide
sure you this plaque forming your fan
base you were not just a reactor realize
there are issues in this entertainment
business that affect you as well sector
and they
affect your fellow creators and I say
you should cover it with gusto create
something that leaves an impact in the
meantime bad someone's all the same
great for some new initiatives that I'm
working on that I'm happy to share with
you all
Aria a Pisa mate this dude daddy they
did John Massa they react to the world
go subscribe to his channel not only did
John make some very valid point who was
able to express himself a lot better
than I did in my previous video but
here's someone say that you're not just
a reactor you have no idea how
refreshing it is to hear someone else
say that because then an idea becomes
special we've been we're trying to
project that we are not just reactors
that there is more to our channel as
content creators that reaction videos so
to hear this guys say this and knowing
that this video would have reached the
many of you guys who are subscribed to
his channel I'm hoping you guys can take
that on board when you're doing our
content because there has been huge
thank you for me it says I've got back
from my last trips for the paint and all
of my fellow YouTube reacts I feel like
we've made an impact when it comes to
reaction videos and supporting and
celebrating for the peano artists but
there is more than one way to go about
doing that I mean I feel like I've done
so much of that in my own way outside of
reaction videos that I am in this
transition of finding even more ways to
do that which is why I kind of took a
break from doing the reaction videos and
trying to finish the vlogs and working
and saving money so I can do all these
other things that I have paid from
channel but I believe John is genuine
when it comes to making these videos
exposing adt and covering all these
different topics within one show you can
tell by the way he delivers his message
and the extent of research that he puts
into these videos I feel like Bieber
fever so bila I feel like he was having
a bit of a hissy fit I feel like that's
what their video was and just not being
able to in
fyz with his audience which still a
bottles because you're the entire
audience charlie of the audience Pitino
and the fact that you couldn't resonate
with them on this matter
you're not even see it from their point
of view just blows my mind
she'd been covering for the pin and
content say I almost feel like this is a
sign that you may need to take a break
my hips get out of your little bubble
for a week or two and then come back I'm
not telling you what to do I'm to say
this is my observation on the strudle I
didn't want to call the B but even
thicker speakers just disagreement and
although my to say it really is in this
theory I think everything that John
mentioned in the video is pretty much
spot-on I say keep going keep dropping
this video is not only a you serving a
purpose to Filipino audience must indeed
tour I feel like only good can come from
less yes there is a certain amount of
drama to an extent but in exchange of
what you could get from doing this I'm
not I'm not talking about the views not
talking about monetary gain I'm not
talking about subscribers I mean
actually making an impact making a
change and the thing is not everyone's
going to see it from that point of view
other people will see it as like baiting
and bribing for the Pinot's branding the
others try to gain more of an audience
but not everyone not everyone is like
that we're not just trying to gain from
it and even me saying that obviously
there's gonna be people there thing are
[ __ ] you're just trying to give me
more subscribers just trying to get more
edgar than you even though we don't get
hell of a lot from this anyway our
actuals ever get hell of a lot of money
from this but I see no reason why we
can't talk about this while we can't
[ __ ] like this why we can't bring
attention to this we're still focusing
on the music but I think that's all I
really need to say I feel like John
pretty much covered the whole thing I
don't even feel like I need the same
thing but I'll leave it on this note
next time we decide to make it called
out I do eventually do research and
after the research make sure that you
reach out to that person and try to see
if you can get some answers online
person so you can prevent adding fueled
by because if you're going to be handing
out and bias
is not advised that he could be in fact
taking itself but we're going to leave
it there make sure to subscribe to react
to the world highly recommends channel
is actually a rip off fresh air
[Music]
