[Music]
hello Western one of my boys really
listen come back with come back with
other reaction hey hey hey with the
three years and come back with coq10
Philippine travels paradise so this I
have nearly everything I don't travel I
love sleeping and me look India I mean
you do this we ate eight minutes and I
say nothing i days in Philippine so I do
this reaction and we keep doing and keep
us and then I find this coq10 too deep
in trouble all day
so before also the creation legitimizing
everything in below my name is
emigration my Twitter mm-hmm forgive
everybody in very low superficial is
your life camera tell me please if you
Lamar a piece of my holiday let's start
this reaction with this also 1015 I can
watch it it's Christine minute oh my god
it will be 50 me within me now I'm about
alignment on a little secret here the
hidden gem of selfie stage is right here
the Philippines my favorite of all
countries that I've traveled to it is
some of the most beautiful landscapes
and the most incredible people you know
from now before you start taking advice
from a random stranger I want to give
you a bit of my background my name is
Christian LeBlanc and I spent the last
two years traveling Southeast Asia and
with that I've spent about three months
of it in the Philippines it's a country
I plan to revisit very soon let's get
started with the countdown number 10 is
Boracay Boracay is easily one of the
most popular islands in all of the
Philippines and with that again be
sometimes now that can be a good thing
that can be a bad thing
the great thing is you can guarantee
online designing extremely beautiful
hotels if that's in your budget you can
also find some relatively discount ones
to the budget shouldn't be too much of
an issue here the nightlife is pretty
good
and the food selection is great Borka
has everything from low-end hospitals
all the way up to time luxury hotels it
can be back packed but definitely expect
to spend a bit more money here the
island of Bora Kai itself is extremely
beautiful some of the waters go to you
and some of the finest white sand
beaches I would assume this is how it
got so popular the population of the
island owned the infrastructure at least
ten times over and it can lead to a lot
of congestion but you're going to spend
most your time on the beach anyway so
what does that matter
number nine uh yeah uh slob is extremely
well I don't know one thing and that is
the whale shark this is a place where
you can actually go and swim right next
to these gentle beef now there is a
little bit of controversy that surrounds
us because the whale sharks are fed but
aggression it's such a humbling
experience swimming next to an animal
that could literally grow as large as a
small bus in record they grew up to 40
feet although it's very unlikely you'll
see one this large only 30 minutes away
there's a couple sets of water knowledge
to Malaga is the most impressive of the
two it's a massive drop off that creates
a beautiful mist now if you're looking
for more of an experience with the
waterfalls check out a guinea waterfall
we can actually scale up them you can
jump off of them it's much more
interactive than just looking at a
waterfall like you do a tuma log it's
definitely worth the visit number eight
on my list is malapascua it's very
unlikely that you've heard of this place
before but there's a great reason to go
and it's this one animal that lives
below the sea it's very unlikely you've
ever heard of this place
but malapascua is home to one of the
most beautiful creatures I've ever seen
the thresher yeah if you're a scuba
diver and they need is a man there is no
fish more impressive than the thresher
shark it having a long tail just like a
sight you see it beautifully cutting
through the water
for me this made going to malapascua
100% worth it now the dive scene is
incredible but it's not the only thing
malapascua island itself is only
ordinarily beautiful again if you
haven't already noticed the trend
extremely blue water fine white sand
beaches and relatively expensive
accommodations so this definitely has to
be something that you save up for it's a
very small island and all the
accommodations are all these points
do a little research we even managed to
find a bit of nightlife on this
incredibly dormant island my girlfriend
Laura really hit it off with the locals
if you know anything about the
Philippines
you'll probably be shocked that I put El
Nido in seventh place El Nido is easily
one of the most beautiful places in the
Philippines arguably the world the
beauty of this place leaves you in awe
now let's start with the great things
about this place
the for island tour is incredible
because it lets you see the cerulean
blue waters the jammed Biodesign it's
seriously earth porn it's nothing like
you've ever seen before
the days in El Nido are unforgettable
because you'll spend your entire day
hanging around these beautiful
landscapes but this is where the
problems start when night hits it
becomes a bit less enjoyable I'd say El
Ninos electrical grid is archaic at best
when we backpack we spent at least half
of our nights in darkness and worse than
the dark we spent it without any fan or
air conditioning it gets extremely hot
in the Philippines and when the power
goes out I become a pretty unhappy
camper in addition to this if you're
planning to do anything like I do as a
youtuber uploading is basically a no-go
the internet speeds are so slow and it
will drive you mad now there are some
ways you can get around these
inconveniences if you spend a lot more
money you can actually stay at
accommodations that will have backup
generator and this will at least help me
hear of the problem of your air
conditioning going out so you won't
sweat to death at night I want to end
this on a positive note because despite
all the inconveniences of El Nido the
beauty of this place makes it all worth
it so you have to go check it out
if you end up going make sure you do the
for island tour and make sure I'm on
Thai rock cliffs if you're willing to
risk your life it's extremely jagged and
Mendham you you hit is unforgettable the
next on my list is boho boho is a large
and magical island there's so many
things to see and do here it never hurts
to go around with locals that's how we
find some of the cool hidden gems you
see no pun intended with pulling a big
island you could easily spend five ten
days here the most popular of the
beaches is alona beach and this is the
place where you can stay at a five-star
hotel or a guest house or ha
the pricing money on the expensive end
but nothing unreasonable also a must in
Bohol is to rent a scooter some of the
most incredible riding I've ever done
has been done here on this island I'm on
a scooter you drive up further north
from alona beach and you'll end up
visiting these guys these are cars ears
animals only found in Bohol Wow the
Queen said like dismal day but what more
could you ask for I mean just look at
him he's chillin Mondays am i right also
worth mentioning I did go out further
north to andhe beach and although I like
and I didn't love it I found it a bit of
a dirty beach for me I would have
preferred to a state in alona beach
rented a scooter and used it to do day
trips like seeing the tarsiers the
chocolate hills etc you'll also see a
lot of European inspired churches while
exploring the Philippines this one here
was built by the Spanish and it was
actually shook up during an earthquake a
few years ago just after visiting the
tarsiers you're going to see the
man-made four and true to its name it's
a forest that was actually hand planted
by men it's a really awesome feeling
because as you drive down this narrow
road you feel like you're going through
a tree tunnel it's great for Instagram
goals and it's definitely an awesome
feeling as you're wrong you come to the
man-made forest about another 35 45
minutes up north you'll be going through
what some people deemed the main
attraction of Bohol these are the
chocolate hills and you'll notice they
look extremely similar to a Hershey kiss
I don't know if that's why they've been
called that but the name is definitely
fitting you can drive up to the top of
one of the hills and actually get a
pretty good list of the entire mountain
range I definitely recommend it number
five is a place that's on very few
people's lists dumaguete is an
incredible place and there's a lot to
see here it's a place I spent almost two
weeks scuba diving and exploring it's
beautiful nature if you go to dumaguete
check out my little movie I'm probably
butchering it but I'll write it down
below right across from dumaguete is a
short boat ride to april island make
sure you check out this place April
island translates into English line is
Turtle Island I'm welding because
everywhere you go is serious the brow
there's sea turtles everywhere and these
chillers are used to having people
around so they don't mind when you swim
out
next to them just make sure not to touch
them this is by no means in Dumaguete
but this is one of the must must must
use of the Philippines this year enjoyed
sandbar I call this place the Maldives
of the Philippines it's about a two to
three hour drive to get here from domani
but every single minute of the ride is
worth it once you arrive you arrive at a
little dock you take a boat across about
45 minutes and you arrive in paradise if
you have that extra time or you want to
take your Instagram to a whole nother
level you better check out mandroids and
mark those are just a few of the things
you can do in Dumaguete there's some
nightlife there's great restaurants and
a whole lot of nice hotels and resorts
this is a place for anyone on any budget
number for almost on the podium but not
quite Callison Falls also known as body
on candy Miri now before I even get into
this if you're not too afraid of heights
and you're not afraid to get wet this is
one of the coolest things that you can
do in the Philippines it's a full day
trip where you're guided through these
very narrow crevices where the water
flows down creating my awesome little
waterfall it's such a unique and amazing
experience that you really can't find
that many places in the world
I brought my expensive slow-motion
camera and allows you waterproof housing
I risked for you guys you're welcome
body on canyoneering is a guy in index
ya buddy not all of this alone by law
you need to have a guide and I highly
recommend it anyways you would not want
to do this alone it's not too expensive
from my memory it's about 30 US dollars
you get a guide and he shows you through
the canyons he pushes you off the cliff
and you even get a meal out of it so
it's not too bad at the end of the
canyon is the world renowned callous non
fall this waterfall literally looks like
the exit to the Gatorade Factory water
is this holiday yeah it looks like it
should be bottled and sold to people at
a very high price the water is quite
cold so it's a very nice refreshing
break after a long day of jumping
through canyons now I must mention that
when this was filmed I was actually one
of the last groups to have gone through
the body on Canyon in quite some time
and I'm not even sure if they wow the
municipal government shut it down we
were worried about it
so little research hopefully it's real
been visited one of the top things to do
in the Philippines also random insert
you'll see you our regional team
cockfighting is basically a national
sport
I named him Fred the bronze medal goes
to my favorite landscape in the entire
world this Beach is seriously heaven and
I don't use that word lightly it is my
favorite and I'm honestly blown away
that to this day knocked on has not been
developed as a resort town is the most
incredible landscape that I've ever seen
now if you remember we talked about El
Nido being in seventh or sixth place
well knock pond is about a 45-minute
scooter ride away from El Nido so again
if you were on the edge of going to el
nido consider this you will get knocked
on in el nido together because they're
only a scooter ride away from each other
the problem with knocked on is that
because it's such a beautifully
untouched landscape there's nothing on
it there's really only a couple guest
houses with which they have no
electricity after a certain hour I think
it's after 6 p.m. if you have a long
either rough the heat today in a very
basic guest house on one of the most
beautiful beaches in the entire world or
you can just rent the scooter from El
Nido and drive back to your hotel resort
wherever your sink in El Nido but one of
the most epic day trips you'll ever do
this island here is my silver medal it's
probably my favorite island in the
entire world and it's easily the best
island in the Philippines it is the
definition of exploring getting lost and
these things a few others have ever seen
before
bumpy an island is basically like
Boracay Boracay blue it has the beauty
that will one day from a developed area
but for right now this is a place that
you can experience to yourself there's
so much to do here from exploring the
jungle to exploring the beautiful beach
surrounds the entire island there's even
ghosts that freely roam this is Jerome
definitely check out the mangrove
there's these little trees that grow on
the water go explore the other side of
the island where there's
really no identifiable landmarks just
beautiful untouched nature and so many
kids just playing on the side of the
road definitely say hi to them they
really appreciate it and they're a lot
of fun to hang out with I joined a few
kids and playing some basketball and it
was definitely one of the highlights to
my day it wouldn't be a perfect
eye-opening experience without a perfect
sunset and bongcheon certainly has a lot
in fact the Philippines has plenty of
them I don't think I've seen more
beautiful sunsets in my entire life
you really start to take them for
granted because every single night you
get a sunset that could easily be one of
the most beautiful you've ever seen now
I don't want to call it the winner
because everyone all right guys but just
kidding this is the winner of my top ten
of the Philippines Coleridge Quran is
definitely not the easiest places to get
to it's pretty far north in fact it's
even farther north than El Nido more in
excess musubi it can definitely be a bit
of an expense but a community life has
it so inaccessible either take like a 5
hour ferry from El Nido or you can fly
directly from Manila definitely expect
to pay top dollar because the flights
aren't cheap this is not a cheap place
to go now it's time to show you why
you're willing to spend your money to
come here and why you're willing to deal
with the inconvenience of getting here
co-run is simply out of this world I
can't compare it to anything to be
honest it's like New Zealand and Africa
had a baby and it was beautiful as
always
my favorite thing to do is rent the
scooter it's the first thing I knew
whenever I get to a new place get a
scooter go explore this island you will
be blown away I loved a that the roads
we took on our scooters we're basically
like off-roading there was no very loose
gravel so a few hand rocks that we were
driving so the feeling of exploring were
can you hum the tune what before make so
worth it
similar simple hole they have mountains
that look like the Hershey Kings man
they're not called the Chocolate Hills
but they're very similar looking when we
drove down this road we probably didn't
see tourists for the entire day this
might sound scary to some of you but
it's one of the most amazing things the
local Filipino people are some of the
friendliest and most accommodating
people definitely don't take that as a
bad thing it's an incredible feeling of
truly getting lost in a place that
you've never been before
now after exploring the rural side of
Quran for the day we went to the more
touristic spots there's these beautiful
hot springs where people generally come
for sunset if you come here around 5:00
p.m. you can definitely expect to see
tons of other travelers it's a really
cool way to meet people the next day my
girlfriend and I and a couple of friends
rented kayaks and we went in kayaks all
the way across to a set of islands now I
don't know if I recommend the kayaking
because it truly was a very very very
very very difficult workout but it's
good to stay in shape while traveling so
maybe this is the best option for you
there's also the abdu Island tours
similar to El Nido so maybe check that
out if you don't want to go through
excruciating feet in a kayak but when we
made it to the other side we work with
so we're exactly similar to the
landscapes of El Nido you have a
gigantic Society incredibly blue water
and the feeling of being cut off from
the realm before holiday it's extremely
energized you can do that every now and
then these are among some of my favorite
drone shots I've ever captured Thank You
Quran this is Laura looking graceful but
then she got bit by a fish at the end of
the day we put up a white flag we paid
someone to tow our kayaks back behind
their motor boat it was the best
decision we ever made if you liked this
video and want to see more like this
check out the videos link below I have
top 10 list - Thailand I have a how to
travel the Philippines video that
actually shows you the routes that you
should take and I'm constantly making
new content so make sure it hit the
subscribe button leave the video a
thumbs up and if you want to be among
the first to know when my travelers
guide comes out make sure to sign up on
my mailing list at los LeBlanc comm I'll
be soon releasing a guide that has
everything you need to know from how to
save money while traveling - how to make
the most of the places that you visit
thanks for watching guys and let's get
lost in the next one
I love doing this house we travel I will
do this video next one
and that's why unless what under that
will be really this and mainly I mean
thank you for this video I love this so
it's rubbery I could love this video
come and tell me love it answer
questions like and I love beeping okay I
won't be really right now
hello I love it this amazing I have no
top here you can make them I don't see
anything each other because this will
get this choose your like common I see
you're perfect
[Music]
