what's going on everybody we got an
awesome reaction right now with some
amazing Filipino content you can't fix
my life make me like a little little too
bright let's see alright it's kind of a
kind of Moody
all right guys you're acting some
Filipino content now hope you're all
excited as I am
all right pausing this what's up Peter
Peter are you Chinese I need some help I
wanna meet to talk can you speak Chinese
where do you live
Peter we need to we need to talk alright
here we go let's get into this reaction
now oh this is 15-minute video this is
why I know I've gotten like 20 requests
to do this one but it's 15 minutes it
looks so pretty
well now before you start taking advice
from a random stranger I wanted to do a
bit in my background my name is
Christian LeBlanc and I spent the last
two years traveling Southwest Asia and
with that I spent about three months is
that his girlfriend she's gorgeous
number ten is Boracay Boracay is easily
one of the most popular islands at all
of the Philippines and with that oh my
god now that could be a good thing not
to be a bad thing the great thing is you
can guarantee you can find some
extremely beautiful hotels if that's in
your budget I also find some relatively
discount ones too so budget shouldn't be
too much of an issue here the nightlife
is pretty good and the food selection is
great I want to go there everything from
low and hostels all the way up to
extreme luxury hotels oh my god but
definitely expect to spend a bit more
money here
the island of Boracay self is extremely
beautiful I think I want to go there and
some of the finest white sand beaches I
would assume this is how it got so
popular the population of the island has
outgrown the infrastructure at least ten
times over and this can lead to a lot of
congestion and when I go there most your
time on the beach anyway so what does
that matter
number nine fossil of Ocelot is
extremely well known for one thing and
that is the whale sharks this is whale
sharks Wow an animal that could
literally grow as large as a small bus
in record they grew up to 40 feet
although it's very unlikely you'll see
one this large only 30 minutes away
there's a couple sets of waterfalls to
Milan is the most impressive of the -
it's a massive drop-off that creates a
beautiful mist I want to go for more of
an experience with the waterfalls check
out a key need waterfalls because you
can actually scale up them you can jump
off of them it's much more interactive
than just looking you do a tuma log it's
definitely worth a visit number eight on
my list
it's malapascua it's very unlikely that
you've heard of this place before my
mouth is just like it's very unlikely
you've ever heard of this place but
malapascua is home to one of the most
beautiful creatures I've ever seen
Oh clownfish if you're a scuba diver
this is a must there is no fish more
impressive than the thresher shark it
has a long tail just guys great
beautifully cutting through the water
for me this made going to Mela possible
at 100% worth it now the dive scene is
incredible but it's not Pacific
malapascua island itself is
extraordinarily beautiful again I want
to go there trend extremely blue water
find white sand beaches and relatively
expensive accommodations so this
definitely has to be something that you
save up for it's a very small island and
all the accommodations on these are
quite expensive do a little research we
even managed to find a bit of nightlife
oh she's so pretty his girlfriend is so
pretty
Laura I want to be friends at Laura
place El Nido is easily one of the most
beautiful
now let's start with the great things
about the place for island tour is
incredible because it lets you see the
cerulean blue waters the jagged cliff
sides it's seriously Earthborn it's
nothing like you've ever seen before the
days in el nido are unforgettable
because you'll spend your entire day
hanging around these beautiful
landscapes Wow
this is where the problems start when
night hits it becomes a bit less
enjoyable exo-l nito's electrical grid
archaic at best when we backpack we
spend at least half of our nights in
darkness and worse than the dark who
spends it without any fan or air
conditioner gets extremely hot in the
Philippines and when the power goes out
I've become a pretty unhappy camper in
addition to this if you're planning to
do anything like I do as a youtuber
uploading is basically a no-go the
internet speeds are so slow and it will
drive you mad oh my god can get around
these inconveniences did you spend a lot
more money you can actually stay at
accommodations that will have backup
generators and that's well at least help
take care of the problem of your air
conditioning going out so you won't
sweat to death at night I want to end
this on a positive note because despite
all the inconveniences of El Nido
the beauty of this place makes it all
worth it so you have to go check it out
guys make sure you do the for island
tour and make sure you find power clip
if you're willing to risk your life it's
extremely jagged but the view you get is
unforgettable Wow the next on my list
you're willing to risk your life large
and magical island so many things to see
and do here it never hurts to go around
with locals that's how we find some of
the cool hidden gems like this little
hole in the ground unattended with the
whole being a big island you can easily
spend five to ten days here the most
popular of the beaches is alona beach
and this is a place where you can stay
at a five-star hotel or a guest house or
awesome
it's definitely on the expensive end but
nothing unreasonable also a must in
Bohol is to rent a scooter some of the
most incredible riding I've ever done
has been done here on this island
you take the scooter you drive up
further north from alona beach and
you'll end up visiting these guys these
arts hard years animals only found in
Bohol they basically sit like this all
day you ask for I mean just look at him
he's chilling oh I am also mentioning I
did go up further north to Honda Beach
and although I like onda I didn't love
it I found it a bit of a dirty Beach for
me I would prefer to have stayed in
alona beach rented a scooter and use it
to do day trips like seeing the tarsiers
the chocolate hills etc you'll also see
a lot of European inspired churches oh
that's so pretty it was built by the
Spanish it was actually shook up during
an earthquake a few years ago just after
visiting the tarsiers
you're so beautiful and true to its name
it's a fourth it was actually hand
planted by men it's a really awesome
feeling because as you drive down this
narrow road you feel like you're going
for a tree tunnel it's great for
Instagram goals and it's definitely an
awesome feeling as you're riding on your
scooter I want to go to Philippines I
want to go you'll be going through what
some people deem the main attraction of
Bohol oh my god and you'll notice they
look extremely similar to a Hershey kiss
that's why did we call that but the name
is definitely fitting you can drive up
to the top of one of the hills and
actually get a pretty good fist of the
entire mountain range I definitely
recommend it number five is a place
that's on very few people's lists
dumaguete is an incredible place and
there's a lot to see and do here it's a
place I spent almost two weeks scuba
diving and exploring it's beautiful
nature if you go to dumaguete check out
Casa dodo Falls I know I'm probably
butchering it but I'll write it down
below right across from dumaguete is a
short boat ride to april island make
sure you check out this place April
island translates
English look it's a turtle well name
because everywhere you go is serious the
brow there's sea turtles everywhere and
these chillers are used to having people
around so they don't mind when you swim
up next to them just make sure not to
touch them this is by no means in
Dumaguete but this is one of the must
must must dues of the Philippines this
here is manju old sandbar I call this
place the Maldives of the Philippines
it's about a two to three hour drive to
get here from dumaguete but every single
minute of the ride is worth it once you
arrive you arrive at a little dock take
a boat across about 45 minutes and you
arrive in paradise if you have that
extra time Wow take your Instagram to a
whole nother level you better check out
mandroid sandbar this is amazing you can
do in Dumaguete there's some nightlife
there's great restaurants and a whole
lot of nice hotels and resorts this is a
place for anyone on any budget to the
Getty it's on the podium but not quite
callus on Falls also known as body on
canyoneering now before I even get into
this if you're not too afraid of heights
and you're not afraid to get wet this is
one of the coolest things that you can
do in the Philippines it's a full day
trip where you're guided through these
very narrow crevasses where the water
flows down creating a possible little
waterfalls it's such a union amazing
experience that you really can't find
that many places in the world that looks
so much fun with your camera it allows
you water proof housing I risked it for
you guys you're welcome body on
canyoneering is a guided expedition and
you cannot do this alone by law you need
to have a guide and I highly recommend
it anyway
do this alone it's not too expensive
from my memory it's about 30 US dollars
you gotta go straight and he shows you
through the canyons he pushes you off
the cliffs and you even get a meal out
of it so it's not too bad at the end of
the canyon is a world-renowned callus on
fall this waterfall literally looks like
the exit to the gatorade factory is
weird fluorescent blue that looks like
it should be bottled and sold to people
at a very high price it's quite cold so
it's a very nice refreshing break after
a long day of jumping through canyons
now I must mention that when this was
filmed I was actually one of the last
groups to have gone through the body on
Canyon in quite some time and I'm not
even sure if they've reopened the
municipal government shut it down
because they were worried about erosion
so do a little research
hopefully it's reopen because it is one
of the top things to do in the
Philippines also random insert you'll
see roosters everywhere cockfighting is
basically a national sport oh my god the
bronze medal goes to my favorite
landscape in the entire world this Beach
is seriously heaven Wow lightly it is my
favorite it is so beautiful to this day
Nach pond has not been developed as a
resort knock pond dude I'm write that
down I'm writing this down if you were
on the edge of going to Elm you know you
will get knocked pond in El Nido
together because they're only a scooter
ride away from each other the problem
knock pond is
because it's such a beautifully
untouched landscape there's nothing on
it there's definitely only a couple
guest houses with which they have no
electricity after a certain hour I think
it's after 6:00 p.m.
Wow you can either rough the heat and
stay in a very basic guest house on one
of the most beautiful beaches in the
entire world or you can just rent the
scooter from El Nido and drive back to
your hotel resort this island here is
all neat out it's probably my favorite
island in the entire world and easily
the best island in the Philippines it is
a dip I'm ready nice towns flooring
getting long seeing things a few others
have ever seen before
Ponte on island is basically like
Boracay before Boracay blew up it has
the beauty that will one day become a
developed area but right now this is the
place that you can experience to
yourself there's so much to do here from
exploring the jungle to exploring the
beautiful beach that surrounds the
entire island there's even goes to
freely roam this is drill the mangroves
there these little trees that grow on
the water go explore the other side of
the island where there's literally no
identifiable landmarks just beautiful
untouched nature and so many kids just
playing on the side of the road
definitely say hi to them they really
appreciate it and they're a lot of fun
to hang out with I joined a few kids and
playing some basketball and it was
definitely one of the highlights to my
day it wouldn't be a perfect island
experience without a perfect sunset and
bond beyond certainly has a lot of in
fact the Philippines has plenty of them
I don't think I've seen more beautiful
sunsets in my entire
you really start to take them for
granted because every single night
you've got a sunset that could easily be
one of the most beautiful you've ever
seen now I don't want to call it the
winner because everyone's a winner guys
but just kidding this is the winner of
like all ten of the Philippines close-up
Quran is definitely not easy places to
get to it's pretty far north in fact
it's even farther north more
inaccessible than El Nido and it can
definitely be a bit of an expensive
place to visit because it's so
inaccessible you either take like a
five-hour ferry from El Nido
or you can fly directly from Manila
definitely expect to pay top dollar
because the flights aren't G this is not
a cheap place to go now it's time to
show you why you're willing to spend
your money to come here and why you're
willing to deal with the inconvenience
of getting here but run is simply out of
this world I can't compare anything to
be honest it's like New Zealand and
Africa had a baby and it was beautiful
as always my favorite thing I do
whenever I get my new place get a
scooter go explore this island you will
be blown away now I must say that the
road we took on our scooters weirdly
like offroad very loose gravel huge
rocks that we were driving over but the
feeling of exploring where if you have
explored before was so worth it similar
to the whole they have mountains that
look like the Hershey Kisses they're not
called the Chocolate Hills but they're
very similar looking when we drove down
this road we probably didn't see
tourists for the entire day this might
sound scary to some of you but it's one
of the most amazing things the local
Filipino people are some of the
friendliest and most accommodating
people definitely don't take that as a
bad thing it's an incredible few Wow
lost in a place you've never been before
now after exploring the rural side of
Iran for the day we went some more
touristy spots there's these beautiful
hot springs where people generally
converse
if you come here around 5:00 again you
can definitely expect to see tons of
other travelers it's a really cool way
to meet people the next day my
girlfriend and I and a couple of friends
rented kayaks and we went in kayaks all
the way across to a set of islands now I
don't know if I recommend the kayaking
because it truly was a very very very
very very difficult workout but it's
good to stay in shape while traveling so
maybe this is the best option for you
there's also the option to do Island
towards similar infinite el nido so
maybe check that out if you don't want
to go through excruciating heat in a
kayak but when we made it to the other
side the work was so worth it similar to
the landscapes of El Nino you have the
jagged besides incredibly blue water and
a feeling of being cut off from the rest
of the world it's extremely energizing
to do that every now and then these are
among some of my favorite drone shots
I've ever captured thank you
hoorah this is Laura looking graceful
but then she got good five fish at the
end of the day we put up the white flag
and we paid someone to tow our kayaks
back behind their motor boat it was the
best decision we ever made if you liked
this video and want to see more like
this check out the videos linked below I
have top 10 list of Thailand I have a
how to travel the Philippines video that
actually shows you the routes that you
should pay and I'm constantly making new
content so make sure to hit the
subscribe button leave the video a
thumbs up and if you want to go among
the first to know when my travelers
guide comes out make sure to sign up on
my mailing list at los LeBlanc all I'll
be soon releasing a guy that has
everything you need to know from how to
save money while traveling to how to
make the most thanks for watching guys
and let's get lost in the next one
wow that was amazing guys I just want to
go to the Philippines now like really
really perhaps you guys who here lives
in the Philippines and does all the
Philippines look like that like that is
so beautiful you guys just like all live
on the beach all day I had no idea was
all those beautiful beaches like those
are some of the most beautiful beaches
I've ever seen in my life
oh my goodness I need to go and you go
to the Philippines so like I want to go
to the Philippines right now after
watching this Wow
a Vietnam yeah seriously guys isn't it
it looks so beautiful right Abdullah
right Peter Oh Lynne where do you live
we're all the Filipinos and I see this
guy's I've been requested if so many
people have requested me to watch this
video and to be honest with you I just
looked at how long it wasn't I was like
oh my goodness a 15 minute video but
well I'm so happy I saw that I wrote
down a bunch of names um probably the
fourth one the fourth one looked pretty
cool because I mean I like the the most
expensive looking boy and of course the
one he said number one there was like
number one but it sounds really
expensive and also it's not really
developed I want to go somewhere that's
a little bit more developed just so that
just it is just to be safe you know as I
get lost and stuff but all those tours
those those water-fountain tours looks
so so cool oh my goodness guys I want to
go to the Philippines guys help me get
ten million views a month to just leave
my videos on so I can afford to go there
just leave them on leave them on all my
channels alright guys here's a video I
made today it's a funny one um here's
one and a playlist that you like make
sure to subscribe to my main channel I
want my Lauren you subscribe there right
now make sure to subscribe to my vlog
Channel oh my goodness I don't live
there but I've have a house near the sea
Wow guys you guys I've been wow I'm so
jealous anyway
well 7,000 Islands Maria oh my goodness
have you been to a lot of them that's so
well I'm getting all the comments now
from you guys I really want to go
the Philippines let's help me get more
views so I can afford it alright guys
peace
