[Music]
priests in the Philippines are trusted
and loved for what happens when that
power is exploited
despite growing reports of sexual
misconduct inside Asia's biggest
Catholic Church it's all been kept
hidden behind closed doors I'm Steve
Chow on this edition of one on one used
we investigate sexual misconduct in the
most powerful institution in the
Philippines the Catholic Church on the
remote Filipino island of gammarus baby
J crystal is being welcomed into the
Catholic faith her father Elma kilig is
among the many celebrating her baptism
but this is no ordinary Sara me because
t hillock is a Catholic priest who took
a vow of celibacy a father kahin League
has a long term partner joy and three
other children all named after the most
important figure in his life first of
all I am a priest the messenger also of
God through Jesus Christ so that's why I
call them you know JC so that Jesus
Christ J Chris J Christian Jake
Christine and Jake is still just to
remind them that they are the sons and
daughters of Jesus Christ Falak a helix
decision to have children puts him at
odds with the Vatican's sacred law for
ordained priests to be celibate it's
considered sexual misconduct and a sin
but K he league wants Rome to reconsider
we've made a lot of noise already so we
call it noise in order for us to be
heard by our bishops and also by Rome we
wrote letters we send emails in order
for them to accept us but according to
Catholic officials the points of
celibacy is to devote your entire life
to make that sacrifice to God yeah
correct that's correct
aren't you showing disrespect to God in
Church when we talk about celibacy
this was only a man-made rule God did
not say this so I think I am I cannot
say that I have committed sin I am just
continuing his mandate to go and
multiply far the key healing and to
other priests who also father children
were kicked out of the diocese so they
set up their own self starred Catholic
ministry where they preach at privately
owned churches to a supported
congregation Heilig wanted to be a
priest since he was a child
first of all it was a like a priest is
there in the altar advising people
telling them what to do that was the
start of my vocation and of course they
have also good lives now they're living
yes they're good food if I would say to
be a priest is comfortable
here in one of the world's biggest
Catholic nations there's a chronic
shortage of priests
so most worshipers just accept who they
can get but senior church figures
condemn the three men as disgraceful
renegades
they're like sociopaths I mean they're
making use of the Catholic Church
they're making use of the fact that they
have a semblance of being priests the
further their own needs and that's
really dishonest you know essentially
father killing is presenting himself as
a Catholic priest what can you do about
that nothing because the the church will
have right now that priest has been it's
not exactly excommunicated but he's
outside of the church the church can do
anything about him a secretary of the
country's Canon Law Society Father hi
mayor Archer Corsos job is to advise the
faithful and keep the clergy in line in
some diocese he says one in five priests
who father children that's horrendous
they're doing so much harm but the
bishop is caught between the devil and
the deep blue sea so to speak that if he
has this priest and he's the only ones
he has to say Mass to attend to the
needs of the faithful and if they're
misbehaving he's caught
do I fire them then who will say Mass
etc
[Music]
raising me in the capital Manila retired
Archbishop Oscar Cruz heads up an
internal tribunal that investigates
allegations of sexual misconduct against
Filipino clergy he lives some senior
church figures are reluctant to punish a
priest who has fathered a child say some
of your colleagues condone this practice
I think that is possible I concede that
but the way I see it our culture has
been impacted by a lot of immoral
practices little by little by little by
little and so that there are more and
more cases of this clinical abuses but
Archbishop Cruz says these abuses by
Catholic clergy can be far more sinister
than fathering children the cases he
investigates include the sexual abuse of
vulnerable children even rape he handles
up to 60 cases at a time and says it's
the tip of the iceberg because bishops
can investigate cases in their own
diocese without bringing them to his
tribunal there are eight death toll
jurisdictions in the Philippines 82 when
say 82 Archdiocese diocese prelature
etcetera etcetera and supporting they'll
send the cases all here I might drown
Archbishop Cruz is speaking out to
condemn that abuse I may be now
offending a lot of my fellow bishops but
it's a personal stand gone are the days
when you can just close your eyes and
plug your ears the bishop as if nothing
is happening from your experience of
investigating cases are we saying a rise
in rates of sexual misconduct within the
church yes because the people in the
urban areas have become rather alert
and courageous in denouncing
the Aaron see a priest what about
pedophilia
are there more PS - yes yes more reports
on pedophilia and homosexuality more it
is Hindus crying at all and present that
violating a minor come on there must be
something wrong
clerical abuse of children is not a new
issue in the Philippines some victims
have born the skies for years it was not
the church that I read from my books in
my Catholic high school it was not the
same church that I've heard from the
priests homilies it was basically a
mafia doing a concerted effort to drive
me out at the age of 17 Marko Khatami
served as an altar boy in Sabu's main
Basilica he loved the responsibility and
freedom of going to church without his
parents
it was at the Basilica where he and the
other altar boys met the charismatic
father Apple Inari o maharaja he was
very warm in fact he's one of the more
sought-after priests they're not like
the other priests who if you meet them
let me just give their hand out for you
to bless but he would actually interact
with most people he was asked us out go
out to dinner elsewhere watch movies he
was really like a magnet one evening
after a busy Sunday Mass father Maharaja
took Marco and another altar boy to the
movies
inside the dark empty cinema michael
says the priest reached over and began
fondling him that was the day I could
never forget I think it stunned me it
stunned me to a point that I couldn't
even really describe how I felt but I
quickly recall what happened could I
could even remember that he whipped out
a hankie with some weird smell on it and
he wiped it on my face he just said you
smell of incense you should take a
shower his hands so heavy
I tried lifting it off I think out of
surrender I just pretended to fall
asleep thinking that he might stop doing
what he was doing at that time but
instead of stopping Marco says father
Maharana began molesting the other altar
boy he acted like he was not doing
anything by the death
around the same time halfway across the
world allegations of clerical sexual
abuse surfaced in the US and the church
was swamped by a tsunami of complaints
in 2002 Filipino bishops drafted these
guidelines to investigate sexual
misconduct within their own ranks but
the Vatican wouldn't approve them
because they included a controversial
clause 1 which pardoned priests who had
fathered a child it took a decade flat
clause to be removed and to pass the
guidelines during that time father at
Chico so admits a lot of damage was done
during this period from 2001 to 2013
which is fairly recent without these
guidelines you have to concede
investigations but probably not handled
well oh yes they weren't unfortunately
and then adequate investigations in the
past have festered so things have not
been solved
priests continue to be there what do you
mean by priests continue to be there
meaning to say those priests who did who
are guilty of sexual misconduct they
continue in the ministry until 101a
started investigating father at Chico so
wasn't aware that the Vatican had in
fact approved the new guidelines on
sexual misconduct in 2012 as a result
many churches here didn't know they
existed I was going to keep that from
you because it's very embarrassing know
what what aspect makes it embarrassing
because it was it was misplaced no I
mean the document is one-page no saying
approved when I was misplaced
okay now that it has come to fore you
can be sure they will be just
disseminated immediately
these internal guidelines matter because
no one outside the church scrutinizes
the conduct of Catholic leaders
including the government in fact the
church wields incredible political
influence in the Philippines toppling
two presents and lobbying against
government policies over 80% of
Filipinos follow Catholicism and it
underpins every pillar of society here
so if clerical abuse victims take on the
most powerful institution in the
Philippines it's a David and Goliath
battle in 2014 a 15 year old choir girl
says she was sexually assaulted by a
priest at her local village church we'll
call her Imelda first he told me to sit
on his lap that's when I started to feel
nervous I felt my heart beating so fast
like it was going to burst no naka good
done now he said he will kiss me but
only on the forehead but go home run up
door then he started hugging me
after that he told me to give him a
massage she says the priest then tried
to grope her I was crying and shaking so
much I really couldn't believe it why
did he do that to me am elder reported
the matter to police but her god-fearing
family forced her to drop the complaint
they actually beat me to the point that
I was afraid to go home they were angry
at me they were telling me that what I
did was wrong they treated me like a
stray dog
because of what I did because I felt a
case imelda claims to church members
then paid her 150 dollars to keep silent
for a village girl from a poor farming
family such money is a fortune
[Music]
at first I really didn't want to accept
the money because I knew it was from the
priest but they were so insistent that I
take it 101 aced understands the priest
is still working in another community
the reality is Marian Aldea a former nun
is one person who helped church abuse
victims
she says she often hears of cases like
am elders the most recent was last week
I receive a text and the mother told me
that my daughter confessed she could not
sleep she could not eat so then she
confronted the daughter and the daughter
told her about these things
Marian says in another recent case the
victims have barely started school how
young are the children the youngest is
six she concedes because of fear and
intimidation it's impossible to know the
scale of clergy abuse in the Philippines
they don't talk about it because they
are afraid that they will be cursed
Oh God will curse them if we go against
theirs people church authorities claim
not a single priest has ever been found
guilty of sexual misconduct in the
Philippines 101 ace knows of one priest
who was convicted but he was exonerated
on appeal the church is not just a
religious institution the church is also
a political institution and that's the
reality the power of the church is so
big that you cannot really pursue these
things we will never win
[Music]
Michael gajillion is one of the few
victims of clergy abuse who tried to
take on the Filipino Catholic Church two
years after being molested Michael and
three other altar boys who also said
they were abused by Father Manor Anna
lodged a complaint with the church I
could still recall the phrase you write
the letter that's it
the other priest who was our former
spiritual director he said we will just
pay them you're going to get paid anyway
he was really insulted at that time it
was like their dog was has bitten
somebody and they're telling the victim
- oh don't worry we'll be here anyway
like Imelda the boys were given money
$9,000 to not press charges they were
told father mayor Harada would be
rehabilitated and reassigned to a parish
in Africa but only a year later Michael
saw him wandering the grounds of
supposed Basilica so he shouted at them
Father and he looked at me and we need
recognized it was me he just waved at me
as if saying hello how is it mean I was
afraid that a lot of young kids will be
exposed with him again that was the time
I decided to take legal action Marco
says the prosecutors initially supported
his child abuse criminal complaint
against father May Harada but may Harada
tried to discredit the boys citing they
were smoking and gambling and the judge
and prosecutor both reversed their
decision the reviewing prosecutor said
that my behavior the way I acted was not
that of a child that was justification
who so he decided to drop the charges he
recommended that the charges against
father me rather be dismissed do you
feel dark forces were apply behind that
decision oh yes there's no doubt about
it at that time and even until now what
do you have are the faces of the priests
but they're not the ones whose hands are
playing the justice system they have
powerful friends
they have benefactors there are people
who want to be associated as being close
to the church so that's the scary part
just just to begin with the church
assigned father Ned Zissou to
investigate father maharaja he then
defended the priest in court father de
su says the outcome was fair
despite the priests admission of guilt
our first in fairness to this guy father
Narada he admitted of the case and he
said I am willing to go to jail for this
so why didn't you go to jail because
addict Lord throw in the garbage the
kite was thrown in the garbage yes
because it was clear that they were just
after money they had a deal already with
him we've heard counselling but if he
was a normal human being
he would probably be in jail well if
that is the finding of the court so be
it
what the case was a Toronto the garbage
father de su has handled five other
clerical sexual abuse cases in Cebu
every case was either dismissed or
settled out of court in those cases did
you know the accused priest before you
began the investigation oh yes so you
knew all of them mmm oh yes yes would
you say your relationship with them was
close
oh yes dear friends we are all friends
in their priesthood the winner
a friend is scrutinizing the conduct of
another friend can they be impartial oh
yes I think so
can you can you can you know our aim is
that really who is guilty or not guilty
we find what is the truth and what would
be the best for its individual in my own
experience it is better resolve behind
closed doors with the priest ellagic
continue working yes yes
and this was the case with Michaels
abuser father Maharaja 101 East
understands the church moved him from
Cebu to Manila then out to a number of
rural communities this Catholic
directory lists all the priests in the
Philippines and it says that father
Mauer Harada is working right here in
the province of Saucer Ghana
it's a farming region home to vulnerable
and impoverished communities considered
one of the most about corners of the
country it's the perfect place to put a
problem priest
and this is father Mijares church inside
we find he is still preaching and enjoys
unfettered access to some of the
youngest members of his congregation we
try to talk with father maharaja but he
refuses to meet with us instead his
church superior responds by phone on his
behalf he molested a number of altar
boys in Cebu are you aware that he has a
history of molesting young men the
superior tells me he knows about father
Mohandas history and that doesn't
concern but he insists the troubled
priest has been rehabilitated and
describes him as a transformed man who
doesn't pose a risk to young members of
his congregation the church may not be
concerned but the local mayor wants to
investigate him she was shocked to hear
that they moved a priest with such a
troubled past to an area with a high
number of schools and a young population
in this place we would like our children
to be safe to be protected and so as of
now I would like to see the records the
legal papers surrounding that priest and
I have to investigate because as she
said he is assigned to our place I will
do what should be done now a parent
himself
Markel worries father may harada my
pride one other young children there's
still a churchman in me who deeply wish
that he should be given a second chance
but there is also the pessimist in me
that the church as of this time could
not does not have that faculty to
rehabilitate priests like him in a frank
admission Archbishop Cruz agrees the
church rehabilitation for priests rarely
works in the Philippines
if you have this character flaw if you
have this personality disorder because
with you till they kingdom come so to
speak and their yes guy doesn't
counselor can lessen it it's a treat
cetera but it doesn't kill really a
rehabilitated priest allowed back in the
community that shouldn't be essentially
they're just started here they're
transferred there it's the same person
you're transmitting it'll commit the
same mistakes wherever he is despite
admitting that there are clear
weaknesses in the system father a Chico
sir believes only the Catholic Church
can police its priests the church handle
these cases with a lot of discretion
both to protect the dignity of the a the
good name of the priest and also for for
the victim so you're saying the public
has to accept that the best agency to
investigate the church is the church
itself I think so definitely
the Vatican didn't respond to our
inquiries about clergy abuse in the
Philippines but the fact that Asia's
largest Catholic Church is avoiding
scrutiny is not lost on the main
investigator of clergy abuse we still
have a long way to go because we have
too many Catholics the judges are
contradiction are the lawyers are
Catholics the accusers are Catholics
the ACLU's is a Catholic yes Tosh's own
disadvantage the church remains a strong
guiding presence across the Philippines
but there are serious failings in how it
deals with clergy abuse and misconduct
its secrecy and unchallenged power is
leaving the most vulnerable at risk in
this devout nation
