[Music]
hello everyone cover star
welcome to engine echo special why is it
a special
so this is I will biggest milestone I
mean you guys are freaking out about
this more than I know
I'll sweater at all everywhere you keep
saying oh my god you guys are almost
100k you're going to get the silver and
YouTube button and this and that I did I
was a saying we do this for the pleasure
I mean it's nice to have a hundred
thousand subscribers like unbelievable
in a year and I think it's exactly in a
year yes a hundred thousand yes that's
what we started around March yeah
yes that wasn't me welcome yeah we did I
think I'm first renewing video in May or
something but we started in March
oh yeah yeah hundred thousand a year
that's amazing things so watch you going
and our common victory when we get the
silver singing obviously will show you
mmm yeah and to you know commemorate
days we have annoy a food reaction this
is equal done see basically episode two
so we looked everywhere for adobo in
model India when we say everywhere yeah
well in nine one three well that's the
uh boy neighborhood and what's the plan
mundo Metro around the planet omicron
yeah they said that they go and Avenue
here Toria yeah they said that they
don't make it - oh it doesn't exist
exactly I'm like what is so special
about at all you know what isn't it just
like a seasoned you know nice skill it's
there
you know recipe and I want to keep it
yeah but I'm wondering why isn't it as
been like like been sick you know like
dude oh yeah or or pork you know recipes
right now what makes adobo so special is
it the making that takes all day you
have to like you know season it in the
morning let it grill in a fire pit at
night and then all day like why why is
it why does it take so long
yes sir also we wanted to try hallo
hallo again you know and eat it the
right way meaning mix all the
ingredients and then eat it yeah but
they serve it during the summer when
it's hot yeah so we could not get that
one either
yeah so what we got instead was annoyed
pork a stick at what's the name of
anything it's called the noise bunny
Japan so shout out to the restaurants
the noise pan Japan shout out to the
beautiful girl Louise that served us yes
in Seoul Isis everyone is wise yeah and
she was the one again at reception today
and she is so nice really girl he was so
cute and nice and welcoming and it's
fresh air because I feel like most you
know Hanoi places we went to the people
are older they're just like you know
that kind of immigrant mentality is like
I'm doing my job
I don't care if you're there and they're
like they don't even crack a smile when
you're like hi and you look like yes
what you want so she was really cool I
like it
and we're shout out to Fred then and
shout out to Fred the only and first
person ever to recognize that in the
wild in the street and you say hey yeah
I know you have on YouTube or something
I'm so nervous I'm like oh my god
yeah I think I know I was like he's
Filipino so he must know that you know
he was be talking about MGM forces and
not something else you know so sorry
Fred if we were a bit awkward and we
didn't stay longer to talk to you but it
was really nice bumping into you
thank you for letting Larissa know about
us and yes that was very nice of you but
hey we need to get our adobo and hallo
hallo on so that I'm smelling a third
equals C file called a three full maybe
yet so we got again a bunch of thing
bunch of stuff so a curry and let's try
the pork steak that we got yes and
they'd like the sister of the adobo yes
looks like okay
yes try this look at that
me yeah she did let us taste it and it
was fantastic but you should eat it with
them with a nice yeah so we're taking
you in front of you and will gobble it
up later right mm-hmm
Wow good mm-hmm give me that one I don't
know nothing
Wow mmm-hmm no come on baby
mm-hmm all right very good the North
pork steak on point
oh my god if it's always gonna drive
time me up huh Nick nice we got sweets
we got more I love these I'm not going
to change them I just know just to show
you that I love them so much last time
oh my god yeah
that I got the brown one the adobo
flavor you mean they're both oh yeah
adobo flavor and barbecue flavor yeah I
can't wait
I got dingdong we take the custom opened
up so mixed up hot and spicy salty not
much even left with them huh
here we go secure package it Ava my lady
hey ah mixed mud head making my hand
okay I'll open another floor
yeah hmm there's a stop man hmm I love
talking I mean I don't know it's just
not my thing
hmm little good salty nothing I feel
actually next time we love dried mangoes
so much our table I got three packages
three three types I think last time we
got two types as well
BAM delicious dried mangoes of
Philippine brand sizes just looking here
and and I have to say I bought other
ones from a supermarket here and they
are not as good as the Filipino one what
beetles are so sweet naturally delicious
the other ones a citrus chemical and
then it was a limited answer with
non-life mm-hmm and the Steve Irwin some
people yes these were delicious as well
oh my god I can't wait
and then I got dry mango tamarind balls
naturally delicious yes it's like and
probably uh eye candy candy I love
opening in
and questions I like this already is
this time a tamarind is like a spice you
know like turmeric and saffron isn't
camera and of whoo
I am I wrong I think it excites the ball
just off it's like a gummy hmm oh my god
sweet wow oh my goodness okay
yummy Tikku do you take one of these
with tea oh yeah some unsweetened tea
because it's very sweet you have to
balance the taste a lot of crystals Wow
superficial mmm mmm angle woof and then
I just this is not annoying but I just
every time I go in a Asian market store
I always wanted to say shrimp crackers
and I never did this time around I was
like I'm taking them out yeah
slice of them Adam p150 sure you record
is it cracky let's hear it a crack I
love shrimp tit and it's like you little
bit - oh my god has a bit of heat what
it's unfortunate that they're little too
expensive like a flex mmm oh my god good
that we have a lot more to cover
addictive mmm and a crack soup and I
know how much you love texture you love
any lunch I was next
ah
we we tasted mango balls let's say mango
man on there's an M on my money my mom
mangle maman maman goodie luck
it got flour oil sugar baking powder
water vanilla
you don't need to tell the ingredients
here let you open it
I don't know if it has a name at the big
reason we got it I just saw a bunch of
things I didn't really know why I
grabbed them although this wasn't at the
bakery this was happy at the shop at the
store in store for marking market aside
I like mango from undergraduate before
damage you yeah it's like a puff pastry
it was curious he's a big fan of sweet
and honestly dude I'm one of a salty -
look - okay like a sponge cake this is a
big Mendel not really no maybe a tiny
after man at the page tiny man website
mmm it's good
mmm remember the Madeleine I like this
texture a brunch French pastry about
this I would eat with looking again my
coffee so coffee
oh yeah okay oh good that's really good
next we have this stick mm-hmm what they
call I believe they're called students
not sure current they're like rolls
angles mm-hmm I saw it sweet egg rolls
right dad I'm not sure not sure I don't
know anything about it I saw the name I
was like I'll take to lose okay okay one
for you no I'm not like I don't want to
I'm just a good bite oh I split it sweet
yeah
hmm what does things like it has like
wrong plantains I wear my mom de Lucas
hmm like a plantain a roll-down
[Music]
it's so good Wow mmm this you it was the
adobo huh well I would eat this with the
adobo with the steak pork steak oh yeah
that's not that's not doable okay well I
call you a guru but you move yeah oh
hell yeah I wanna know a woman is my
mother
well hurry doc what I said the plantain
hmm Wow Wow
then we buzzy-bee hope yeah again at the
bakery this time you know because in the
shop it just tasted like old and like
it's been there for years and it was
like holy hell mushy here it was nice
and solid and it was at a bakery so I
thought it would be Irish the Colima
color looks better the color has color
it's Lively yes the other one was like
you know purple is my usual dying dying
oh this one looks fresh so I thought
maybe the case would be different
because the other one did kind of chase
a big chemical but it was good I liked
it but it had that taste love I
shouldn't be eating this you know so I'm
gonna we're gonna take the form oh good
oh hi I got my mom on same place the
dryer the other one was a bit was here
mmm I like it over and it doesn't have
that like chemical aftertaste but the
other one add again every time I do this
it's like I'm eating mom some yield
yeah contract meal yeah right we have
the check oi chef boy boy Rorschach Oi
he's a twister donuts
I dig slopes I'm not sure what to call
it
they were movin it was delicious and we
ate them last time at a restaurant
really yeah okay I think it's the same
one oh those were very it was not a
stick the other one and it was very oily
um you think it's the same thing I don't
know no way yeah well these look like
DOMA yeah one more my doughnuts are like
fried bread don't think I prefer it
because it's not as oily it laughter and
we make something similar in Algeria
stuff everywhere in the world they need
to listen all right you've had enough
that when you started from making you
guys hungry because you guys would watch
our previous one
every time you like you guys are making
me so hungry memory so angry I have a
what do you say like a salivating
salivating yeah I would try to every
time I watch MasterChef that's how I
feel
No welcome about jeez ah yes these
little dumpling balsa look like those
but bigger
yeah it'll make a big hope yeah but we
had another name and I can't remember I
should have written it down but you were
crazy and happy maybe I don't even know
there's something inside let's discover
this together you done some purple and
then you guys can tell me
well there's something inside Oh like
sandwich hmm this coconut bun mm-hmm now
remember it's coconut inside mm-hmm
[Music]
not my favorite cuz I'm not a big fan of
coconut I am a fan of coconut but I
don't know it doesn't is very fresh and
we got something that is not so
apparently it's Chinese but we loved it
so much last time that we got more of it
and that show foul show bow or red and
this time with the chicken because you
guys so much that they sold it and you
know there's like four and chicken we
took chicken this time yeah and it comes
with a little bit of sauce and usual but
you know you have to first bite you know
oh yes I can point top yeah babe you
take yours I do it and the pants and I
still didn't buy the meat in either here
like tell you it's like a little ball I
love is I am I like the texture of the
the bun I really like this I think we
basically drove into everything that we
haven't eaten in front even for now is
job to eat adobo the real adobo mm-hmm
the chicken adobo and how hollow the
right one you're right way basically
we're gonna wait for summertime because
it's winter and we went out and it's
like minus 17 outside and feeling it
- 25 so we do not walk for like an hour
to look for more store and yet we did we
went to so many restaurants and asked
them do you have it over you ever doable
yeah no oh yeah I don't know how we
always end up mini on these escapades
during winter wing - no more well now
wrap it up I think right yes it does
so again - thank you so much for the
hundred thousand fifty million
subscriptions thank you that's good - OH
- 5,500 6,000 subscription haha doesn't
matter whether it is 200,000 I'll be
something right what really matters is
our reaction videos to the
multi-talented artist throughout the
world
and take it away well thank you again
someone must fool my living cell about
all the things in the world for all of
you beautiful people who have been
watching us and if you have any comments
about what we what we said let us know
in the comment section below any more
suggestions on Silesia check out we'd
love to know if you didn't know we have
another video the first food reaction
video
the noise food reaction video so check
that out first because maybe you'll see
you eat something that you want to
suggest it's already been done maybe me
and all that nose on the crunchy note
thank you again for watching another MV
MV echoed reaction video and we've got
more to come hopefully we can build this
future together remember to like the
video and subscribe if you haven't
already even though we have a lot of
subscriptions we could always use more
and you want to know what's coming your
way there's a lot more coming your way
also an Indian food reaction video mmm
is one mission oh so so that one too
like right now so big kisses and we'll
see you very soon
out of the cinema Thank You loyal people
mm-hmm
we love you yeah you yeah you
[Music]
