[Music]
[Music]
across the world our whole trip was
about 30 hours from departure Washington
state until arrival in vanilla at our
hotel and then we stayed the night so it
started at the airport
[Music]
you're gonna be okay I like your hair
liam was really cold yeah there was a
big snowstorm like the two days before
we left not to mention the volcano
erupting but that was like a whole
another thing but yeah in Pullman there
was a big snowstorm so we were kind of
like panicked and even like on our drive
to the airport in the morning there was
probably like four or five inches of
fresh snow on the road and we were like
the first car to drive through it at
like 4:00 a.m. and it was I was yeah we
were a little worried that the planes
probably would be flying it all worked
out yeah and our little boy has just
feel a little hop thing because he slept
he slept with a hair tie so when it came
off in the morning his hair was standing
straight up and he refuses to have his
hair cut anyway so the waving or the
checking in went smoothly in Pullman
which is sit in Washington yeah it's a
tiny end of the port there's like
there's only one flight that goes back
and forth between Pullman and Seattle
and it goes like four or five times a
day so at most there's probably like 30
people checking in you know so it's
super easy for us and our bags got
routed all the way through to the dome
and everything is still is very exciting
and you and the kids are very excited to
pull their luggages little ages
[Music]
they did that well getting in the plane
so when they got in the airplane well
Liam was still very sleepy because it
was I think our flight took off at 5
a.m. and normally the kids wake up at
like 7:00 ish so anyway Liam was still
very sleepy and he like the excitement
wore off like as soon as we took off and
he conked out but Emma was like yeah she
was awake she was drawing on my phone
she's just she's just excited like are
we gonna fight are we flying it are we
fine yet
can I see it
[Music]
[Music]
pull the key out the ignition over
listen you hold me back when the last
keep talking fire unknown how are the
start
[Music]
yeah Liam he woke up when they turned
the lights off because they usually turn
the interior lights on like prior to
landing on you know early hour or
nighttime flights and the lights came on
Liam woke up so I was like Liam look out
the window and then you know he saw like
the city lights of Seattle and the
Walker and all that and like us coming
in for a landing
he was just super excited because you
know the first time you see that kind of
thing it's pretty cool especially when
you're homeless for years old yeah
[Music]
they're both really curious about like
the steps of going in the plane of like
the plane flying and going out to flame
I can't want to know what's happening
that's very very cute of them very smart
okay want to be aware of what the steps
of happening
[Music]
again it was very cold and I've luggage
inside like full of heights or snow and
this it was in Seattle right when we got
off the plane and we had to check plane
side check our carry-ons because it's a
tiny regional jet and they don't have
space for the for the standard size
carry-on so I was waiting outside and
then I was like Steph wants to take the
kids into the terminal but it's like a
really long winding hallway so they
stopped like mid hallway somewhere
because I don't think they wanted to
like completely leave me behind and but
it was still outside temperature and
there so it was like 10 degrees
different they were just sitting in
there like shivering when I found it was
covered in your blankie and was just
like yes just yeah and then we got into
the elevator and you can still like see
your breast by the elevator and then
what stopped the same yeah it was in the
Seattle Airport when she puked yeah yeah
yeah yeah so that I'm I'm in the
bathroom like trying to wash Emma's
blanket in the airport bathroom like
water and so out of the sink it's like
yeah it's like filling up with chunks
and anyway that's too much information
but then she felt better
yeah yeah I don't think she was like
sick really you know it was just the air
sickness of the turbulence that stuff
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you want to tell them about though the
pube situation all right CEO tell them
we won't meet to tell them we got off
the plane into Seattle and it was really
cold outside had mo was like didn't want
to walk she wanted to be carried I was
just thought she was being lazy and then
she got inside the terminal and she
puked all over her blankie so maybe a
little bit of air sickness I don't know
yeah well she ate three biscuits on the
airplane yeah and as the plane was
descending she was laying down so that's
probably why she was she was horizontal
laying down while the plane was
descending anyway so as soon as we got
into the door of the terminal she just
stopped and puked I'm standing up
sitting coordinates all should be one
show I'm not partial alternative high
density mother for their passenger men
our attention please hazard
or Richard one
[Applause]
turn it up if you're gonna take a break
okay so you don't waste the battery and
then while waiting for our plane to
Japan we bumped into an old older couple
and the lady was like okay do you tuber
it was worth climbing it was cute right
yeah they were they were very excited to
meet us and they were they were flying
through Seoul to Cebu I think because
they're doing the same thing they're
moving out of the she was like yeah I
really understand what you're doing and
like good for you she was like giving me
all this old lady wisdom it was it was
such a fun experience I think this is a
shout-out I wanna do shoutouts for you I
know it's funny I was thinking and then
it's time to board one of the really
cool things about boarding and I thought
the kids were maybe too old for this
because usually when you have like a
baby they'll let you on first and you
can you know make sure you have space
for all your carry ons and you don't
have to deal with the crowd and the you
know pushing and shoving and all that
but we just you know we went up there
near the front and we were just standing
there near the front of the boarding
line and they were like it come on come
on
you know like go ahead and so on all of
our flights we got on like first without
having to deal with any of the you know
the rush and the hustle
it was great
[Music]
killing me okay move forward
they can't give us thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
no father would no crying or tantrums
right no I think I think the kids were
just so entertained by what we were
doing and what was happening there's so
much new you know new sensory stuff that
they they they didn't have any issues at
all I just have this travelers heart
hurts so when we got on the plane in the
big flight the long flight the big
airplane to Tokyo we had four seats
across the center of the plane which was
just awesome because we sandwich the
kids that way they couldn't harass
anybody and they had like a full suite
of like movies and games and everything
on that on the plane so everybody was
happy it was late and the headphones
they were magic they really worked well
our end how like Amazon Chinese special
headphones
yeah yeah they're like they're like 18
dollars or something they're awesome
they're sized for little kids they're
really great good the headphones and the
tablets that we got for them for
Christmas yeah it's I kind of feel like
it wasn't put down it was for us to
survive in this play for our sanity oh
and the other thing that we got do you
have video of the inflatables that same
thing I did not I did not make my corn
anything because when we inflated them
the planes already so dark and it's
impossible to to videotape Steph had
this great idea she spotted these things
on Amazon that's like an inflatable
brick that goes in the leg area in front
of the seat for little kids so then they
can lay down like all the way across the
leg area and the seat so we inflated
both of those and the kids like they
loved it they laid on it they Laos and
they conked out yeah it was a little
tight for Emma but it was big enough
that she if she was kind of curled up
she could fit and they yeah really
helped with them
[Applause]
we landed in Tokyo and we have how many
two hours an hour and now our layover
yeah we didn't have much time I think we
had just over an hour of the time we got
off the planes we were like the last
people off the plane and we had so much
stuff to get organized and you know
because we learn to make the kids
comfortable and make the flight
tolerable we like set up camp we have
like a whole nest in there right is this
like center part of a plane so yeah we
let everybody off it probably took a
second extra 20 or 30 minutes to
actually get off the plane
so anyway by the time we were in there
we I think we had just like a little
over an hour yeah and the kids were like
trying to sleep
kind of I think they were we were like
carrying both of them yeah both they
didn't want to walk Beslan and actually
the night to sleep and then Emma was
have if they were yeah they were having
some trouble because they were both so
tired they're gonna walk and that's I
didn't record it but that's when I put
Emma on the ground to sleep AG Airport
probably oh yeah not a good idea could
some hygiene but it worked and it was
the only bird she already has a pukey
blankets
yeah are you going then let me got on
the plane but I'll talk you to Manila
that's what you think we're really tired
right
so the flight from Tokyo to Manila was
like four and a half five hours and it
was like just that ideal time we're in
our normal schedule we would all like be
in deep sleep you know like the midnight
to 5:00 6:00 a.m. hours and the kids we
inflated the little foot things and the
kids just talked out and then I fall
asleep and I don't know if you fell
asleep but it was amazing because they
actually slept like the whole flight the
kids did yeah that's four hour flight
they slept and then we arrived hey Dad
Mike welcome to the Philippines the
airmen oh we're still inside the airport
yeah so we're not in the Philippines yet
no ash fall down got into Manila and
everybody was really tired but we were
also really stoked to be there and to
like have survived getting to the
Philippines without any like major
Fiasco's and the kids like actually were
you know alive and like kicking because
they slept a little bit there was no
like we I subscribe to like a internet
service while we were on the plane even
though you know to spend a little bit of
money for it so that we could get
updates on to all and see if there was
like you know as we're like coming in
for a landing if the freaking volcano
erupted so anyway yeah the volcano was
quiet there was no like ash fall in the
air when we were looking out the windows
as we walked into the airport and we
[Music]
yeah so we just yeah we just got into
Manila last night and it worked out
pretty well because we were the last
ones off the plane because we like both
the kids were sleeping and we have like
a nest that we created in the seats
which is so much crap and then and then
when we got to the baggage claim we
finally made it through customs and got
the belief by on visa we got a baggage
claim and they had our bags waiting for
us so we just grabbed him and then we
waited it for a few minutes for the
shuttle from our hotel which was pretty
reasonably priced and then we got you
know we got into the hotel took a shower
and went to sleep but on all
the travel experience was pretty good
considering there was a few moments
where things got a little bit rough like
we were rushed in our layover
I'm really excited now to spend some
time you know doing what we came here to
do and I missed it a lot it's really
cool to see look just like the streets
and you know the culture and stuff so
anyway I think it's this
what's wrong if you don't like the MELD
we're gonna have
oh you want it worn well I think we
should just be happy that we have milk
hey buddy
here in the middle by the time we by the
time we waited for the shuttle and we
made it to the hotel and we got checked
in and all that it was was probably like
an hour and a half more so it was like I
don't 2 a.m. local or something by the
time we got we got to sleep and the kids
slept we all slept like solid until like
8 a.m. which was just just awesome
because even with the time change we
were just so beat that we slept great
and we were like from that point on we
were like pretty closely synced to the
new time and then was the first taste of
the Philippines the humidity would leave
one and grab some SIM cards
because we needed a phone number of
Filipino over
all right so here we are getting a load
for the cell phone
it's just it's just like I remember
being back in the city
Manila
cheapest cigarettes you could ever find
like a garage and a chicken that was fun
walking in the streets of them in their
lap for class I yeah it was it been a
while since I've been to the city
remember you little chicken in the
garage it's just awesome you know cuz
you're like it's like a bustling urban
center right and you're walking down and
then you hear a chicken you hear a
rooster you know in the freaking in some
building like in the middle of the city
cool fun in the Philippines like they
lady ITP yeah my creative this whole JTP
thing this is the Philippines and so the
next day or no the day that same day
that we went to grab our phone numbers
our new SIM cards is our flight to
Jensen generality
hi guys so we are at the airport right
now where are we going
who are we going to see yeah we're going
we're going to turn supply and yes we're
gonna be boarding 20 minutes 20 minutes
1 hour I can't hear myself all right so
good news is that there are no ash fall
it's pretty clear outside you are pretty
worried about the volcano situations
before we flew but now everything is
okay Airport is over nobody get the key
no way and we're gonna be intense and
soon we're a step potato up north
yeah pretty pretty normal flight it was
it was interesting it was different I
guess for me though because they do
trivia and they give out prizes on the
Cebu Pacific flights I've never seen
that before so it's kind of funny one
other thing though I just remember it
was really funny is the flight from
Seattle to Tokyo the boarding and
everything was like very organized very
quiet very calm everybody like patiently
moving you know you know directly to
their seats and sitting down a bit the
flight from Tokyo to Manila was like
complete ridiculous chaos like people
arguing and yelling and going back and
forth and they can't find their seats
and let me have it's like Filipino style
instead of Japanese style right because
the majority the people flying to
vanilla or Filipinos it's just pure
chaos
yeah yeah the stewardesses are all
frustrated and everything no remember
who was yelling at the air at the
airplane you know like who it was
American whatever those people are going
to the Filipino it was the white guy who
was screaming there was a bunch of
people complaining against us and then
we arrived engines
[Music]
anyway and then they saw they were so
happy
well my mom was very happy yeah then
yeah I think that's that's it
put the flight put it all fly it with
two tiny kids two small children all in
all we can say about it
pretty puny part
with those foodie Winship it was a fun
experience worth it it's worth it well
for us what worked was more was what
worked were the head phones and tablets
and those inflatable cubes chair things
yeah all right well we're very happy
we're here now in jensen and we're
staying in Jetson guys let's limit to
you in the next video bye
[Music]
