oh yes Enrique Iglesias Filipino and
Spanish damn brah
damn I mean damn you know what I mean
[Music]
almost
Mabuhay magandang Umaga and welcome back
to Andy Andy Aiko Abu Sevilla and today
I will be reacting to a different video
it's not about music but it's about all
the have mixed Filipinos out there in
the world and I'm guessing most of them
will be celebrity so I've been reacting
and listening to Filipino music for like
what four years now and I've also been
reacting to international musical
content on this video and from time to
time you guys would be like hey did you
know that this artist is actually half
Filipino or 1/4 Filipino or has some
type of Filipino in his DNA you know so
I'm guessing this video will show us
most of the popular people that have a
little bit of Filipino in them and
usually usually mixed Filipinos are just
gorgeous
it's just a fact man it's crazy it's
just insane but before we start this
video please consider follow me on
instagram at music game news also this
video is pretty long the title says
famous half part mixed Filipinos from
around the world part one a hundred and
thirty-two people so of course this
video is 11 minutes long because they're
gonna show us more than a hundred people
yo that's crazy
I also removed the audio because we
don't need it I don't need audio for
them to show me you know mixed people so
there you go you're just gonna hear my
reaction raw actually now I'll put my
music in the background that'll be
better all right let's get to it
oh wait but before we start you know
those teasers that you can find on the
well you can watch the full reaction
video exclusively on patreon so don't
hesitate to check it out
[Music]
everyone in this video is half all part
Filipino meaning that one of their
parents is Filipino or mixed with
Filipino and the other parent is not or
both parents are half or part Filipino
that was very confusing basically they
have a little bit of Filipino in them no
way you serious it makes complete sense
now I see it
Filipino Chinese Spanish Irish and
Native American what a gorgeous mix
vanessa hudgens yo I had no idea I
definitely see the Filipino in that
inner yes I knew my god she is gorgeous
Shay Mitchell kasi still never heard of
her
4p no English Alex teal Alex teal that
sounds familiar but I don't really know
this girl Filipino and English Sean
Michael affable a family never heard of
them
yah Filipino and Puerto Rican but I
believe he lived most of his life in
Hawaii Hawaii
Peter Hernandez Bruno Mars yeah baby
really
David before the peanut my Geryon okay
okay
Jr Celski never heard of him
Filipino and polish oh oh man I see the
Filipinos so much roshon fegan don't
know he is Filipino an African American
oh yes there you go she's one of the
international artists that you guys
mentioned and told me yeah she is a
Filipina Hawaiian and Russian oh my god
what a mix damn I actually thought he
was 100% Filipino I guess not
he has some african-american in him and
his real name is Alan Panetta Linda
Pineda words I didn't know that okay
Apple the app woof who's this beauty
Megan Bethune Filipino polish and Irish
Chester see I don't know him
Filipino European American and Native
American who that oh yes Enrique
Iglesias Filipino and Spanish damn bra
damn I mean damn you know what I mean
gorgeous man gorgeous handsome man bra
but you I don't know he never talks
about his Filipino side or maybe we just
don't hear about it because I mean the
dude sings in Spanish you know he has a
very strong Spanish accent Jessica
Sanchez well duh come on come on Cheryl
Burke Filipino Russian and Irish I don't
know her
Megan young Filipino and European
American don't know her
Lauren young Filipino European American
Myleene Klass Filipino and English who
are all these people
Pia wurtzbach Filipino German huge Sarah
Ellen Robertson don't know her who the
hell is Trey Gaynor me 50 non-european
American who the hell is this kid Barry
fourth game Lupino cute still Stella
Stella Hudgens name she's got a lot a
lot in her man Filipino Chinese Spanish
Irish Native American Beauty ah yes I
know her she's a youtuber right Ana I
kind of [ __ ] she also has Filipino inner
damn chap but I don't really see it I
see the Japanese mostly Japanese
Filipino Hawaiian Irish German Spanish
French oh come on guys
come on I don't know is that really true
can you have all of this in one person
like come on I mean it's possible but
I've seen this guy before
Dominic d-trix Sandoval Wow
they have the amount of percentage the
exact amount of Filipino percentage
68.3% Indonesian Spanish Chinese Native
America Portuguese our comic Brian here
on Oh mm-hmm
I don't see the Filipino and mi I see oh
I don't know man he looks more Korean
for the peano Chinese and French ladies
on a James Reed baby Filipino European
Australian yeah mm-hmm yeah man handsome
boy even Dorner Filipino German Irish
yeah well with the last name like that
Dorner yeah very German ah
no way Hailee Steinfeld yeah the actress
Filipino European American and African
American seriously Wow I I would have
thought more Native American but okay no
way Darren Criss he's got some Filipino
in him possibly some German English
where do you get this information man
Wikipedia
he wasn't Glee right oh no no are you
serious Jesse one of the most beautiful
women I've ever laid eyes on seriously
Filipino Mexican
Africa oh my god oh it's exactly what I
said man you just add a little bit of
Filipino in any other nationality and
you get gorgeous you know individuals
it's crazy I mean look at this woman
rough night what Filipino English
Scottish and Jewish seriously Oh jasmine
villegas Filipino and Mexican is the
singer right had no idea she had
Filipino in her they every time they
talk about her she's Mexican she's
Mexican Mexican yo I am NOT surprised I
am not surprised I always wondered where
this guy came from you know I thought he
was handsome but I always wondered
Filipino German English and Scottish
okay okay I've seen this guy before
Stefan R McQueen he's an actor Filipino
Spanish Scottish I don't see the
Filipino in him though Nicole Anderson
don't know her yes Sharon Lee oh yeah
I'm not surprised I'm not surprised then
Vanessa Minnillo Leigh Leigh she yeah
she's married to that boy band singer
right Filipino Italian Irish she's
gorgeous no way it makes so much sense
David Bautista bra Greek yeah Bautista
yeah that's a Greek last name damn I'm
really hoping that this information is
correct
Phoebe Katz
I think I've seen her before
Nia Peeples people's no no no her
shininess so someone I think I've seen
her before
Billie deck yes I'm not surprised
sherilyn ye I didn't know her name but I
know her as an actress you know she's
funny I'm not surprised that she's
Filipina wow she has Filipino Mexican
Korean Yuki Native American Irish French
a Aileen April Boylan Brandon Baker
don't know him
Rachel grant don't know her
Kirk Hammet I'm not sure who he is
apparently very famous guitarist yes him
I know Lou Diamond Phillips actor right
Tim linka come that's a funny name
Oh Erik Spoelstra I'm not surprised I'm
not surprised man I always thought he
had this face you know it was like this
guy does not look American so there was
it that's what it is it's that Filipino
in him yeah Erik Spoelstra he's by the
way a coach a NBA coach for the Miami
Heat
Ryan Ramos Danaher beautiful though ah
oh Lord
wait I thought she was 100% Filipino Oh
she is gorgeous look at that face
look at that bone structure man and
Curtis oh my god
powerful powerful visuals there via
Alonzo don't know her cute
Bianca King
she looks like her sister like Alonzo
sister Camille Velasco I'm not sure who
that is Carla Abellana a biana don't
know her Ella and Jaden Hiller woof I
thought was Hitler but no it's Hiller
I'm not sure who they are twins
Jackie rice and 132 people Wow who is
this gorgeous woman just see Mendiola
from the peanut bunnies and British Oh
wonderful mix Julia Montes don't know
her
lay a dis on weight they showed her
before LexA Doig
don't know her oh my god yes Lisa
Soberano my god Filipino European
American she is to die for
to die for look at this it's interesting
because she looks more Korean in my
opinion the man what a beautiful woman
Marian Rivera I think I've seen her
before
yeah Oh Sam Milby I thought it was Eric
Santos not sure who this guy is though
Gerald Anderson
Nikki limo cute don't know her
Bobby Murphy I'm not sure he's probably
an actor right Brandie Malloy pretty
filling James
young husband what Victoria rekon oh wow
Raquel Gibson my Filipino and Italian
yeah me Mark Dacascos my god this guy is
a legendary actor man Wow I had no idea
he had some Filipino in him Chinese
Spanish Japanese and Irish
Chris Judd who the hell is he he looks
like a lawyer or something Venus Raj Raj
there you go Indian yep
Wow look at that mixed breath Indian and
Filipino whoo-hoo-hoo Charles clap Oh
Monique Lhuillier Lhuillier
uh it's French really
okay really as in oil I think because
oil and French is really so dingy okay
don't know her though Wendy Caleo
Filipino European American Veronica and
Vanessa Marella don't know them they
look like youtubers Dean Devlin don't
know him either
Andy I egg in men
Melissa Mellon Melissa Howard Melissa a
word Joao de la Fuente Danny Brown what
a quarter Filipino okay yeah yeah
Anthony Padilla Carl Philipp Westerberg
I don't know all these people man Thomas
Beatty Aaron Boris I mean are they
really all famous mutia Buena maybe they
used to be famous some of them Elle King
ah joy coy of course of course man I
love this comedian he is hilarious
liyan Sweden Giulio Iglesias jr. wait
what
Enrique Iglesias has a brother Jordan
Clarkson makes sense makes sense I see
it Eric
cray not familiar with him Lea Kiefer
page
McPherson okay another doing all the
athletes Jacqueline Jose Jose Jose Derek
monasterio don't know him
Rafael Russell he looks scary don't need
the Rose Julian Ward cutie pie
jazz Ocampo that's a nice name and
that's a nice first name jazz yeah see
Pressman yeah she is beautiful
she's a Filipina actress right she's
really pretty
that's not a very good picture of her
though Avery but is so I love that last
name but I saw Camille
Doris Kim Domingo Wow beautiful
EJ Falcon
nice last name Tom Rodriguez I know this
guy
actor Filipino actor in the Philippines
yes
and I think also singer if I'm not
mistaken
Gwen Zamora max Collins Wow beautiful
jasmine Kirti yeah
Jasmine Jasmine you know Lebanese of
course Derek Ramsay hansman
Angelica dela Cruz and Janica Panganiban
Charlie pimp India is not Panera it's
been there man I don't know any of these
people generous and Al Jordan Norwood
Jason Day Jason D natalie coughlin
quarter-latino Addison Russell yes I can
see the Filipino in temperature Lizzy
Armando we just know that she's a
quarter Filipino I'm not so sure about
the exactitude of the info here Raymond
Martin
Nate Robinson aw come on really really
you can't let it go
1/8 Filipino come on man
Bobbie Andrews and the DK gel see this
is such a soft face jasmine I look a
little Andy Oh handy help Andy I've
handy al handy okay it's Arabs or handy
yeah
Kyle anger check Wow Filipino and check
Maya Washington Filipino and half
American if I miss any people please
leave a comment below and I might make a
part two video yo this was very long and
honestly I mean it's great it's great to
show all of these people that have a
little bit of Filipino and them but is
it that interesting you know like I
think he should have made oh she should
have made a video that is much shorter
with just the most popular people and
I'm sure there is a video out there like
that right but anyway it's still very
surprising to see that a bunch of these
people are Filipino and you have like no
idea but honestly when it's like 1/4 1/8
Filipinos like really do we do you
really count that and it's I don't know
and I'm not so sure about the legitimacy
of the information here but like I said
and I'm gonna repeat it again every time
there's a little bit of Filipino blood
mixed with any other you know
nationality it makes a beautiful mix so
I would definitely not be against you
know having a kid with a Filipina my god
would you imagine the kids
this gracious okay I I hope you guys
enjoyed this video because I kind of did
even though I didn't know like 3/4 you
know of these people let me know in the
comment section below if there are more
popular people that also are half Latino
or 1/4 Filipino and as usual thank you
so much for joining me take care of
yourselves have a great day and I will
see you in the next one peace thank you
for watching subscribe here and please
like the video to show your support and
appreciation for my work and turn down
the notification Bell to beatbox for
future content yay
