sorry baby I'm sorry baby
I don't know
sup guys been ongoing my coupons up here
and I woke up late because last night I
was editing but um it's Miss Universe on
right now see on the TV
mm-hmm it's really mean still in the
running
I don't know commercial break game sorry
guys I will complain so I'm cutting it
university at least Miss Philippines in
the final so happy you guys are joining
me again for another day of course how
can it not be Philippines my goodness
they miss Philippines
look good in her gown oh it's the same
color as what I'm wearing now
I love with that in general this machine
said mahal kita metal sepia kurta who
Colombia doe
good going filipinas wood gown choice
mm-hmm
Canada we are cuckoo and Thailand has
hot food aside from hot girls and boys
that took like hostel
Canada did not make it you know if there
were to be an RT stopped in the
Philippines that I think would do well
in this universe it would be calendula
right you guys agree whatever why
because she's beautiful she's smart
Philippines is first to answer and why
do people booing when they said that
those other countries are gonna have an
interpreter and therefore they don't
speak English to be the people so
national sports that's why we take it
seriously even something being here in
the world I saw all the people an event
like this in this university and it's
something big to us that we are one as
one nation we are all together
go Maxine go go go so much see that's
how you guys would have answered that oh
man she got asked about Donald Trump
that's hard terrible and she's like yeah
you might be wondering why I have a
camera here because I've got a skip
coming up
[Music]
oh no she did it with grace beauty
pageants are cruel boo hi Cylon oh man
France is being asked about refugees
[Music]
gosh her friend Shawn so good I learned
to speak French in Montreal coffee mov
Ally and my French tongue so uncouth in
comparison to have oh gosh she's so
eloquent - yeah Dada oh man you know
Miss Universe is really entertaining you
subject these beautiful girls in very
stressful situations and you watch how
they react it's like one big reaction
video this question and answer period
good answer Haiti I think 80 and French
have a good chance a part of me wishes
Philippines had a better answer but
whatever those who don't speak English
have a split second more to really kick
up up their answer one is that of this
and then they think for like three
seconds on social media everybody is
going crazy about Miss Philippines
answer and to be honest actor named
Maxine alone never alone there's so much
pressure guys that these girls are under
especially Miss Philippines like one
because it's taking place here in the
Philippines - because Miss Philippines
won last year
there's so much pressure on their
pro-growth it's cooking first you know
it is what it is if she makes it great
if she does him still great she really
achieved so much already for us the fact
that she's gonna fight all those and all
this race but I know there are some
people out there some beautiful females
who really take this seriously who will
be upset going on social media saying I
Maxine your ancestral have a little bit
more comfort zone honestly my love it's
kind of like have you guys ever been to
a job interview it's kind of like having
your job interview broadcast to millions
of people all over the world and your
job and if you question - just one
question and you have to answer it
little stuttering it's got to be
eloquent it's got to make sense
the species having said that I love the
CF just wait please
starting again right now I really think
France has a changer Columbia
vehicle with joy and then excuse my very
first toy next to friend
[Music]
yes friend
go cry betcha that's Pringle look be
with you oh my god just three Shilpa
domakr oh my god
[Music]
oh my goodness guys I think a club is
coming it's be following the Philippines
there's a big cloud coming in the sky
how the country is sweeping now this is
so stressful I need to I need to turn
this off turning it off you know I need
to go somewhere I I need to animal I
need to be around animals I know you
guys I'm going to car commercial I have
errands to do in car tomorrow sorry
Skippy you know about in all honesty her
answer wasn't the best but you know what
all of you guys out there give her some
credit she did a very hard thing she did
great at representing us she made the
finals right and Maxine you did a great
thing for us and you represented us well
you won the position that you are you
didn't lose at all not to me anyway okay
maybe I want to wear green the color
green pure innocent nature Go Go Go
Green is Peugeot let me ask my uncle
oniy aunt didn't she do all right it's
okay it's okay that we did not win right
yeah the NCIS here comes the cloud time
to go to Khartoum our guys I want to
show you this place anyway
oh my god I forgot that both the men are
performing do you blame
in the singing like say goodbye and I
can't even a little holding you tight
girl eat so much riot just break down
and cry hey my what a rattle beat it
can't let it go it's so not true man one
year's voice is so good even after all
of these years what the truth fingers
sorry while I'm watching I might as well
watch the ending right Brant Brown
Vblock ha ha ha ha ha
peer gave him glasses ha ha ha hi peg
good morning let me shine France odd um
Haiti Philippines in this eliminated 'no
fire lovely finally chopsticks friend
and friend friend friend
Oh Miss Rossi's Miss Universe let's not
look it
yay believe you got your miss friend
what so proud of you your answer was so
good okay now we can go to Carson mark
Wow look at that aquarium look huge
okay guys so in case you don't know I'm
here at khartoum R which is kind of like
Manila pet market it's crazy if you're
an animal lover like me you definitely
love like the fictive hey guys we go
fish bunny sea rat pigeon budgies this
place is just hallways and hallways of
pet stores little pet shops and vendors
there's a lot of ethical things that
animal rights people have against places
like this because you know I mean we
don't know how well they treat the
animal right and they're all kind of
like masked off but if you're a pet
lover like me you love coming here I
love coming here for all of my stuff now
I hate shopping
I hate shopping so much but if it's
shopping for animals and pets stuff I
love it I can spend the whole day here
so I'm here in curtam are today because
I need to buy a tank for my aunt this
guy make tank he's actually the guy I
bought my fish tank that I have now from
so he makes really really good tanks all
custom-made all right I'm thinking of
buying this aquarium and you know what
it's cheap here this aquarium here is
1/5 which is 1,500 vessels which is
about like 30 35 bucks for this huge
tank here
Kuya along gallon stove this here is a
75 gallon tank oh that's like my fish
tank at home
all right q- oh jeez oh he is so cute he
is this a French Bulldog French Bulldog
oh yeah right
cute on this cat look at you you're so
pretty you're so pretty you have the
wind blowing in your face
this will someone bite you soon you
don't have to live in the cage Roger
that one speaking of last night you know
the world of goldfish is pretty big the
goldfish community in Philippines
appointment and some get their goldfish
imported from other Asian countries look
at those have baby in African cichlids
whoo look at these I think these are
called guard
piranha
I love tonight when fellow Canadian Wow
look at these fish cool
yeah I like to buy a fish that's cool
it's so so cute ik watching them swim
together oh look at these bunny how
small this funny
see this is why people have problems
with clickers like this because the
conditions are not ideal for the animals
but I don't know who knows how long they
last year maybe they're bought right
away oh look how tiny this funny is I
just want to squeeze it and eat it buy
it buy it
sorry I should go to the boyfriend buy
it buy it
two hundred fifty pencils ji-hye wow
these are so beautiful that's all that's
all well this is real she says it's real
yeah these are real living coral oh no
some of those are feather dusters right
or some of them are sea anenome
beautiful you know what it kind of
reminds me of Avatar gosh if I was more
committed I only would have a saltwater
tank but right now I have a low-tech
freshwater tank because I can't I can't
commit to it look how gorgeous this tank
is imagine to be this beautiful tank in
your living room or in your home
somewhere goodness hey that's a dory
finding dory there's clownfish I love
them too much we got all the dog food
you need see different brands Wow look
at the size of this marijuana
I love these fish these are discus they
come in different colors you could set
and these are I have these these are
Roseline shark oh my
look at how beautiful that is
it looks like a little piece of aquatic
heaven oh I don't want a car I just want
this I want this exaction
oh my goodness this is just gorgeous I
could share this all day right guys
isn't that nice
I love living I'm staying here with my
lovely stuff
fine it will starfish course we got
super warm
yay I love them this is the stuff my
aunt my aunt ease and my lizard ain't
cake you guys are so cute chick blue the
chicks love me go ahead
they expect backs backs backs gosh I
love this place so then after you've
been checking out all of the animals you
come here and you have a snap Japanese
cane get sweet like it's delicious
should I try one and then yeah with rice
Japanese oh yeah you know if you're
Japanese market Japanese you should know
it so they're not eating it really is
jumping is even a Japanese get between
then penalty now because I was holding
all the animals in the world and the
team I'm not going to vote a fool
waiting it out of kebab
so red bean green mango we have money
cleanup and dirty ice cream which I also
want right now I feel very balmy I need
some ice cream okay so here we are
selling dirty ice I'm the cone you can
have the 30 i screen with bread a cone
or a cup so it's called dirty ice cream
because it's sold on the street the
street where people are driving in the
solution and the street dust so they
call it dirty ice cream here in the
Philippines but it's not dirty at all
and it's actually quite tasty
oh so cute hi Akira wow you're an
American Akita and I say yes you may we
may take selfies of course okay we're
taking selfies as usual invited me see
oh oh I want to take home a doggie oh my
god
paparazzi are you let's go meet our new
friend in the car how are you hi what's
your name and Ellen Ellen hi Ellen hi
guys hello family like to see you I'm
just logging Baltimore aha I have a hat
we may have a selfie of course this
would not be really principal ah thanks
thank you if I gotta get something you
everything so many people here take
selfie time
alright thank you bye oh my god this
makes me look at their faces how can you
not want to take that whole involved it
is torture
this place is an animal lovers Haven and
tells for sure look at this guy buddy
the dog she fell asleep fighting the
wire haha sorry I didn't do it you up
this Bubba's belly just screaming for me
to crush it
hey baby
it's my scratchy little belly yes oh
jeez that's my dirty ice cream Brian do
you see anything you like device
hahahaha
more pigeon animals everywhere babies
wild fowl or I don't know what they are
are these turkeys they look like Turkey
all right one of my favorite places in
its entire cart tomaría is this place
they sell all sorts of plans gardening
gear really awesome stuff so I have to
buy some plants for the terrarium that
I'm buying today so the theme I'm going
for is tropical forest terrarium so in a
terrarium ideally you want to use plants
that require low light you need to get
plants that don't need full sunlight all
the time like CDs this here is a
bromeliad epiphytic even which means it
can grow in trees and that kind of needs
a lot of light I would need an expensive
lighting setup for the terrarium orchids
are kind of like semi lights oh these
are cool you guys seen these before
their air plants the thing with air
plants is they don't eat soil see they
have their roots here and they absorb
moisture from the air
that's how they get their water and you
can even spray them if you want and they
kind of just grow in any kind of pocket
you can glue them to places or just kind
of stick them in a notch like that
anywhere fern yes any further our great
durian plants because they glow they
grow in low light beautiful plants here
if you need punch for your garden or you
need plants for your house this is
definitely a place to go to I'm getting
these Baikal's but I'm making salads
with ethics
I say 100 150 115 okay 200 pesos which
is still teen
ah here we are driftwood I love shopping
for driftwood hey hello going on nice to
meet you do if you like building
terrariums you like to buy cheap food
mark we need your wife row here to do
salad for us this was expensive but look
at how beautiful this piece of wood is
guys it's not the most beautiful piece
of driftwood you've ever seen oh my gosh
I'm going to plant the ficuses this it's
going to look gorgeous
I'm so happy with our purchase
deliberating on my eyeball monkey okay
so I thought all the time I needed
thanks so much for watching this vlog
and hope you can subscribe to my channel
because I upload regular videos of
Filipino life ok bye
[Music]
