[Music]
okay is it on yeah recording yeah hi
Facebook world hi Facebook world we're
the crab tree family and we decided to
make a family Vlog yes so we can Inspire
others and you will also see how is an
American man and a Filipino woman living
the life here in America or we might
just B you and I have a son Parker over
there he's being shot right now so and
is playing his um The Walking Dead build
set toy so if he wants to one day uh
join a videos he can if he doesn't he
doesn't have to it's his decision but we
thought the first video should be about
how we met yes because I will not I'm
not going to be here if we didn't me
meat meat meat meat I'm sorry guys for
my English because I'm having a hard
time talking here because it's really
different but if this was to goog you
would understand me any it cuz I only
know like five words yes that's the
first word that I taught you
mahita yes basically mahita that means I
love you means I love you right Parker y
so tonight today today we are going to
talk about how we met online yes couple
years ago couple of years ago
so um let's start it with you start it
with me okay okay well I was off of work
2 weeks and I was bored so I decided to
join
a a dating site
because because you're bored basically
because I was bored and and one of my my
friends he has an uncle that's married
to Filipina and I was single so I decid
hey why not uh if anything it's
entertainment but maybe I'll meet
somebody who knows right so I I created
a profile and
uh you were there for 3 days I was on
there 3 days yeah 3 days before I met
her and me in my part I was still
working in the Philippines and my
friends I mean my workmates told me hey
Mom Kathy why don't you try to um make
an online dating site because um maybe
you will find someone who's going to be
with you for the rest of your life
because they've been doing it too so I
said okay guys when to give it a try and
it was Christmas season so yeah it was
Christmas season and there no snow over
there sh you don't want to be in the
video you be quiet so anyway I uh I
Google
searched uh free dating
site for Asians because I I've always
been attracted to the Asians so that's
what I did and I found one well I
thought the site when I joined and
created a profile was date in Asia or
date in Asian but it was as I thought it
was date in Asia Asian but it was
actually date in Asia so after I created
my account I realized all these women
are in actual Asia and I've never even
been out of the country but I thought H
why not create a profile and uh let's
just talk and see what happens and he
fell in love with me that's then of the
story I'm just it's part of the story
anyway I was on the site 3 days after 2
days I got banned for some reason I
don't know why I didn't do anything
wrong I get I don't know maybe somebody
reported me for something I didn't do
but I was banned so I was kind of like
well this sucks yes it looks like a
scammer and I'm just joking no I don't
look like a
scammer no but anyway the third day it
let me back on so that was cool and she
was like the third person that messaged
me yeah because the first person who
messaged my husband is a Shale no it
wasn't there was lady boys you got to
watch out and he thought that it a fine
young lady so I did think she was a lady
at first tell I talk to her him her
about 5 minutes and I realize so you got
to be careful you're looking for a woman
on dateinasia.com or maybe they're
really looking for a she or if you're
looking for a Sheil you find it but if
you're not you just need to be careful
because they will try to talk to you
whether you're looking for a woman or
not mhm so uh anyway we started talking
we
talked every day for a few weeks yeah in
da Nation on on Dat in Asia yeah I'm
sending messages back and forth hours
and hours and hours she actually
eventually told me that she thought I
was a little mean at first I don't know
why I did yeah you
did really but anyway after I got
started talking to her I'm like I need
you to do me a favor because you never
know who you're going who you're talking
to he acting as if he's an FBI you got
to be careful right like it's a woman
from all the across the world hopefully
might be a man so I had her uh take a
picture of her soap and with my name in
it so she writed on her workboard my
name with a picture of her so I knew it
was her and then I did the same thing
for her and with Parker too with my son
too eventually yeah uh he took a picture
said hey Kathy that's the time we
decided uh to create a f and no Skype he
created Skype I never used Skype before
so I already have Skype because um my
stepdad is abroad too and we constantly
communicate with him through Skype so we
eded each other and we
finally um video call on Christmas day
my Christmas day my my Christmas my
Christmas day cuz you watched Parker and
rap presents oh yeah yeah and the first
one of the first things Parker said to
her was who is this he he doesn't
know it's a racial term neither did she
I don't think I don't know where he got
it but it's kind of funny and Parker was
a little shy at first he don't want to
talk to me and his dad told him hey
Parker uh come talk to Cathy and he was
like so he he um closed the camera on
his laptop so he so he can uh see me
and I can't see him so I was like this
kid
is shy shy he's being shy he's like
who's this little brown
lady right but anyway we we finally
video chatted she was more beautiful
than ever of course he was slow she was
slowly still on my heart but after
like but after 3 weeks around about she
asked me if she could write me a letter
every week why not I mean that sounds
cool that's something we should do in
the United States she did did yeah she
did didn't she I so it took like a month
before I got my first letter but after
that I got a letter every week so that
was awesome that was an awesome thing I
wrote her a few letters but not many I
wrote him letters with drawings and
surprises and stickers also sent
stickers for my son and stuff like that
now I
son gave the dad put the kiss on it oh
yeah oh she put Parker's talking about
the time she put lipstick on and kissed
the the letters so I still have all my
letters in there like a stack of them so
that's pretty awesome and he sent me a a
giant T chocolate yeah a big candy like
this and a card that's saying it only
cost $13 to send so it cost $2 for the C
Barn $13 to send
$15 but it took me a while to receive it
took longer for me to send her than her
to send to me because once M gets to the
Philippines it takes forever to get it
where it's going right that's true I
don't know what what they do it's really
I don't know it took a couple months it
was kind of ridiculous same thing with
packages if you send um your USPS up uh
to vocal mail it really takes forever so
here's one thing uh to all make Caba
buayan if you want to send packages send
it true Bic buayan box yes it saves you
more it's the best way to go there a
candy bar $13 to send a candy bar and a
a letter we send a huge box like 95 I
don't know it's like 3 ft long and 2 ft
wide and it cost 95 total and you can
fit a lot of things in that so going
back to our
story
so uh that's it we talk every day like
um we Skype until we fall
asleep um when it's daytime in the
Philippines uh it's his night uh night
time night time and he works so I need
to wait for him and take care of Parker
uh when he gets uh uh when he he gets
home and I wait for him then we we sky
for a little bit until he falls asleep
and the sky just
automatically um drops or where the
internet is C the internet the
Philippines has bad internet and they
also have power outages so it kind of
sucks plus they have typhoons that knock
the electric out so that's kind of bad
too yeah but anyway we we've uh Skyped
morning we Skyped at night that's one of
the challenges in your relationship
Facebook phone call so that's kind of
cool that's free skype's free so the
website was free so that was pretty
awesome but uh we deleted it after we
decided to Sky the site yeah yeah we
deleted Dayton Asia because we decided
that we are really meant to be we were
deciding that right yes because you will
know it in your heart you will feel it
that there's a mutual understanding
between the two and I was going to work
and people were saying some people were
like that's cool other people were like
are you crazy like you'll do anything
for love right yeah but in the
Philippines I guess it's normal like
it's it's more normal here than people
think but mhm anyway I've never been out
of the country I've never flown in a
plane so that's kind of a scary thought
that makes me real nervous so that's
something I had to get out of but we we
Skyped Skyped every day we I got her
letters which was awesome uh I sent her
flowers like I oh yeah I called over
there and sent her flowers for
Valentine's Day no it wasn't Valentine's
Day it was before that right actually he
he did a countdown a week before
Valentine's Day he keeps sending me
flowers and chocolates and bear the big
bouquet of
flowers yeah I sent her a big bouquet of
flowers and the reaction she had was
really awesome because I gave flowers
over here to people that I dated and
they don't act like they appreciate it
but she cried and appreciated it dearly
so because it's not a usual thing in the
fil and it was awesome because I ordered
them like a week in advance and they got
delivered as we were Skyping so I got to
see the reaction that was pretty sweet
yeah melt my heart my eyes were
Bing yeah just like that but anyway we
Skyped I planed a trip over there months
and months later in July sometime time
July 10th actually right yeah so all
this time it build up to that and it was
getting pretty
exciting uh I didn't take Parker because
I'd never been in that country didn't
know what to expect he wants to make
sure that I know her through video and
the phone calls and the letters and all
that and I've chatt with her stepdad and
her family over Skype but it's a totally
new experience so I didn't even wasn't
even going to take barter at all there's
no way yeah so for youan what's the
biggest challenges or challenge waiting
waiting for my vacation so I can go over
there and flying over there CU I've
never been out of the country that was
kind of scary it's not a challenge it's
like um you're excited or nervous I was
excited nervous I didn't sleep all the
way to the Philippines which took me
like 25 hours my first flight they sent
me a few pregnant women and that was
kind of scary not because they were
pregnant but because they sent me by the
window oh yeah and the pregnant lady
beside me she was terrified so it's
making me nervous and then the lady in
front of me was doing the Catholic thing
so it's like does these people think
we're going to die or what so the other
pregnant lady said look out the window
it'll help you as we take off I don't
like heights anyway so I'm looking out
the window and we got up high really
quick and I I just couldn't look I was
like I'm done yeah I really saw it like
when when we flew from Sabu to Bak he
was really scared because that was
another triple we'll talk about another
time um the part of his neck right here
it was fluming really hard and it's
unusual it's yeah I took eight flights
on the trip so and that's all I've ever
flown is eight flights to today so I
just have to get used to that right yeah
if if you married to a filipin and you
want to have vacation in the Philippines
of course you need to get used to flying
because flying to the Philippines is not
a joke but anyway before I went some of
my friends at work were like taking bets
that I would never come back because I'm
going to get
kidnapped I'm like thanks guys but I
proved him wrong of course like I always
do
yeah and I bet that he had a good time
no I had a really good time I made it to
Japan on the second flight couldn't find
where to go because my
uh departure area was in another
building so I had to walk around forever
to find somebody Point me the right
direction that kind of sucked so that
took me to Tokyo and Tokyo took me to
seu and that was the scariest flight
because their Runway felt like crap like
it's shaky yeah it was like shaky and
bumpy I don't know if it was a bad pilot
maybe the bad Runway but I thought I was
going to
die
I think it's just the she's just used to
it but anyway I finally got to the
airport and through security and all
that and she said her and some of her
family members would be waiting outside
so I got out there and I apparently I
was walking the wrong way cuz all of a
sudden I hear baby and I turn around
there she was so that was amazing after
all the months and months and months of
waiting I finally got to give her a big
hug and a
kiss and maybe uh the next um the next
couple of days he will share to you
about his experiences in the Philippines
but for now that's going to be all for
this video thank you
YouTube and maybe we will also um upload
or make a video about how um we did um
the K1 yeah we'll save that for a little
bit later on yes because it's kind of
long and it's kind of long boring
frustrating but worth it yes that's
right
and we hope um you guys enjoyed our
little chitchat and this is not
something that
we this is just something that we want
to do just together together fun for fun
and we just want to share how we so you
can either watch or not watch whatever
you feel like
peace good and bad comments are
okay bye guys and see you on our next
video hey you got to do this Filipinos
love this Char
Char
