there we go guys
I bet it somewhere nice and I bet it
smells nice there to you like everywhere
else okay
okay to see going that off hold holy
here
are you sure you don't know where RJ I
don't like it I'm serious
our local really cold and cold calling
is one of them
oh wow it's a mall guys Wow whoo it's so
clean and empty this is the empty a
small I've ever seen ever wanna look at
this escalator guys like it's on an
angle and it goes down to here that's
interesting
maybe that design encourages people to
look at the stores longer hmm we met
some new friends here hello what's your
name sir
Johnny Johnny and Alfred Alfred yes and
because we're Filipino we're taking
pictures all right thank you
all right you're not another friend here
what's your name daddy and you lived
here in Qatar for how long was for you
look guys it's like Megamall they've got
an ice rink in the mall honey floors are
to this mall but why why'd you have to
see RJ on skate yo guys it's nobody RJ
we have to go one day to mega mall and
skate into a block there yes
avoid one yet encourage write in the
comment section if you want us to go ice
skating one day guys what an interesting
tree look at that it looks unreal like
from a spooky movie apparently they're
natives here I wonder what kind of tree
vs. look at the lead
it's like all live we have a new friend
here yes all right what's your name
Maddie tell how deep it is oh my god
thank you all right my boo hexapod so
guess what it's show day so excited I'm
RJ how are you feeling not nervous yet
about ate lunch and look at this the
buffet extends to outside the restaurant
there's like tons of food like outside
down this hotel hallways like all the
way down there the food you can get
along with the food that's already in
the restaurant it's amazing oh my see
they're setting up even here guys the
food extends out here until it the lobby
there's so much food
oh no I can't eat too much it show they
oh my goodness guys look at this fish
it's crazy RJ Stein we tied it
they have to see how big that is
look at how big that fishing right here
yes
the food looks so good
well that's the first time I've seen a
cauliflower prepared like that that's a
whole cauliflower Wow
oh my they even have like a wet market
here you just choose this is like the
dumb Bop but in the hotel you choose
what you want to be can cook it for you
even mobster oh my goodness fish for day
oh my gosh guys - okay go yeah I want
this
oh yeah here I'm assuming it's Filipino
Filipinos yeah see oh wow look at this
fish here hmm
oh my goodness with snapper Salman
I'll take to love others yes yes mmm
Salmoneus
and red snapper - oh my that's it for
now oh great wow this is amazing
and then they cook it in there eh it is
ringing okay thank you they'll deliver
it Salameh awesome all right guys so I
collected a bunch of stuff here this was
like some kind of ping it looks like
hummus but I'm not sure what it is and
then of course that huge fish and then
quinoa and then I got asparagus and
salad mmm my distinct stuff
hmm what's up take some kind of like see
TV so that's big fish
good evening our example the key
[Music]
guys ma'am young actress tradition
with the Zeki thought who it arrived
guys hmm Salameh thank you for yeah oh
ho guys look at that food you got salmon
in there red snapper and lobster whoo oh
my goodness baby look at how good this
looks
must try the lobster
you see buttery the mid part
[Music]
so now we're waiting to do our technical
rehearsal and look at the tickets they
look so cool right crazy I like it like
the colors they chose so guys I'm still
jet-lagged
I always feel sleepy in the afternoon so
when the shows that like starts at 7:00
now basically by then so like it'll be
late at night in Manila playing by the
time it's done here so I'm going to need
coffee before the show got a wake-up the
show must go on
this is all part of touring mind you the
jetlag isn't as bad as when we go to us
because that's more of a time difference
but I mean it's a pretty big time
difference here too I think it's six
hours behind Philippines so by the time
it's seven here that means it or 1:00
a.m. I'm a boy squad I met a new friend
here hello no well justify and the
Hammonds are like you too severe and
your name mega from I love the bar but
one yes and revoke elbow yeah and we're
both Filipino so we're taking the
pictures all right
all right thank you I had to move
because people are smoking there are a
lot of smoke in the buildings here and I
got a same four people later I got a
two-hour concert to do any inhaling
smoke I find cigarette smoke really
affectionate later my boy a squad we're
meeting all sorts of friends here yes
good afternoon hello what's your name
I'm Dina Dina my fiery car I'm great and
great because we really know we're
taking pictures or more joined by more
there are so many Filipinos working here
for love Oh Oh Minnie okay this one muna
yes thank you okay we're heading to the
stage now these are the dancers hello
awesome I can't wait to rehearse with
you guys they were sent the material
ahead of time and they studied it so
let's hope it goes well oh we got our
roses yeah for our second song there's a
slight problem it's very windy um and I
didn't care but I guess it's an issue
people have been saying that it's windy
here and it's part of a storm from the
surrounding country and I'm not afraid
of wind but they're saying they're
hoping the wind will die down by the
time the show starts what's cool about
Qatar is that they have sandstorms like
literally imagine typhoon like in
Philippines but instead of water it's
hand what but you can't go outside
people cancel work and all you see
outside if you look out the window with
likes and crazy san
Wow all right so here's our stage it's
small but we can do this like RJ and I
have had to do concerts on smaller
stages that is our LED screen love it I
personally prefer led over projector
screen just because the images are much
more vivid and at night that's going to
look really good um and then look at our
speakers we got an amazing lighting rig
and then all of this space for the
audience to be in it's pretty awesome oh
my god so I just learned from reel of
the producer that everyone will be
standing this is a standing concert whoo
I'm not like it's a one and a half hour
show so guys I'm sitting in these cool
hanging chairs enjoying this breeze
everyone's making a big deal about the
wind we're kind of like this wind it's a
nice enjoyable breeze but it's going to
affect the show like people's attendance
to the show then yeah that's that's an
item of concern so if you look over here
you'll see that they put up these like
walls made of like bamboo and the reason
for that is either even putting it on
the tennis fence is because they'll be
selling liquor here at this concert so
apparently no one's allowed to see it no
one's allowed to be outside seeing the
drinking of liquor so that's why they
have these wing like check check next
time okay Salman is good he's adding a
little bit of reverb in my monitor just
how I like it
check check check Mike check check check
check are these monitors working on the
site one two three
we're relocating the monitors so that I
can interact
I like having close interaction with
audience unobstructed there's the sound
man and they're trying to figure out the
monitors right now because this monitor
and that monitor and that monitor is not
working so for those of you who are new
to production and stage shows you need a
monitor because you need to be able to
hear your music clearly it's not enough
to just rely on these house speakers
which project sound out there because by
the time the sound goes out there and
then
is back to us to me it distorted and you
know you might get off-key you might
think the song is in a different key and
it just was really terrible your timing
could be poor so when you have less
space for the Sun to travel which is
what the stage monitors are bored your
performance is better
which I'm going to figure out the screen
out
[Music]
are you feeling our change a little bit
the Romanian and young bees like I wanna
know where they ah
I hope they figure out all of the
technical stuff so we can go to Romania
you know it's so important
look they put up all the barriers now so
people can't see in because of the
alcohol and you know what surprisingly
in this country to drink you need a
lightning you need a license to drink
yeah it's working
whoo take that green guys I'd like you
to meet the dancer
they're called B & B which stands for
beat and bike all right we're going to
rehearse now finally with the screen all
right guys we're finished soundcheck and
now I'm going to rat him isn't go back
to my hotel room up there somewhere
because our then Oh
maybe drink off the water all right to
the dancers thank you guys so much for
learning the material so fast and they
learn how to make these little edits
very which filling very good I'll tell
you at the show and here we have the
Philippine airline team yes their
sponsors of this concert yes thank you
pal you guys are awesome and because
we're Filipino we're taking pictures
thank you Salameh all right guys it is
almost Showtime up and I'm half dressed
I'm not fully dressed yet because RJ and
I stopped to walk through the hotel walk
there and we'll pass people along the
way so I'm trying to like be discreet
alright I got my jacket um and then
we'll have to put on all of that annoyed
boy ear when we get there so apparently
we could see the stage from my hotel
room I think that's at stage
I think I'm getting the nervous for
additional bathroom backstage near
school any fluid or solids I need to get
rid of I need to get rid of them now
okay guys I think we're ready to go to
do this so all of costumes and props are
in that suitcase all the ones we need
for the show
apparently it's 8 p.m. already the show
is supposed to start at 8:00 but we're
starting late because of the noise I
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
alright we're on the show thank you guys
so much
the decimal rate we're back
hey now we're going to do the meeting
Greek all right thank you thank you
[Music]
oh my god guys look at this fella
screaming hey that's gold person not my
voice log number inning Prasad and look
at this girl search and because we are
Filipino we're taking pictures you're so
cute
where do you want me to sign here okay I
love deserve when you go I love it you
are true my polite squad guys remember
her from the ball see here she looks
different without our uniform yeah punch
meet the Sun you shoot
thank you guys wow this is great oh hey
Dominic okay hi Dominick I gotta find it
bye hi Jessica
Domenic I miss you thank you so much
I'll miss you guys bye
[Applause]
all right we got bunny over here he's
from the my boy squad and because we're
Filipino we're taking big tours bolaños
over here a producer yes we're taking
selfie yes below congratulations
and I like to meet you guys thanks for
coming Oh Dominic by Dominic it's only
that he's crying
oh he's blowing me
[Music]
thank you very much for your support get
your Indian tonight hahaha I want to
visit India one day Y RJ what did you
and think of that show
cool yeah with me yeah actually yes
congratulations and guitar you guys have
been amazing I'm gonna miss you when we
leave tomorrow alright number y squall
hmm that was a fun show I'm exhausted
but I'm going to stay up and edit this
vlog so that you guys get it on time
tomorrow
yep now tomorrow morning we gotta fly to
Dubai
we have to be at the airport at 9 a.m.
pretty crazy I'm gonna miss Doha I
really will I'll I love this city and I
love Qatar and for all of you guys who
haven't been to Doha Qatar you must put
it on your bucket list of places to
visit because it just really is
mind-blowing
[Music]
I'm tearing up editing this vlog
you know sometimes your support really
moves me you guys
and that's why I love touring despite
all of the long hours of flying and on a
jet lag and all of the exhausting work
that is involved with these concerts the
best part is meaning you guys and that
really means a lot to me also thank you
guys so much my squad for supporting me
I feel like the luckiest artist around
[Music]
regarding the white one for someone
who's had full hours of sleep do I know
Hubbard - you okay I so I'm going to
grab a quick breakfast before release
it's like 6:00 something and getting
ready to fly to Dubai I don't know what
to expect everyone here says that if you
think Qatar is beautiful multiply it by
like five and that's that's what Dubai's
like so I'm excited to see what the buys
like it's hi
did you hear something
I coulda sworn I heard Mikey
you guys saw that right I'm not going
crazy right guys if I saw Frank Nikolic
and hurt him I think my mind's my trick
solution so ours asleep Mikey okay I'm
not going crazy Frank
[Music]
and
