hello guys welcome back to the Crabtree
life once again here's my beautiful
beautiful wife Kathy and me Rodney her
husband anyway we're gonna do another
reaction video this is the top 10
Philippines travel paradise I've only
been to the Philippines once for like 17
days I think
so I may I may have visited one or two
of these places I don't know what's not
to check what's on there I'm not sure
well she's what she lived there all
their lives so all those Jewish
destinations right so I don't know let's
check it out I know the Philippines is
like one of the most beautiful places on
earth so you guys I know we're proud
that our Filipino let's check this out
now I'm about to let you in on a little
secret here top 10 places of Southeast
Asia is right here the Philippines my
favorite of all countries that I've
traveled to incredible people you will
ever come across now before you start
taking advice from a random stranger I
want to give you a bit of my background
my mom and I spent the last two years
traveling look at breathing is you can
guarantee you can find some extremely
beautiful hotel never been there but I
will one day and also find some
relatively discount ones too so budget
shouldn't be a bit of an issue here
tonight length it's pretty good in the
always weather most famous reaches right
it can be back packed but definitely
expect to spend a bit more money here
the island organ itself is extremely
beautiful some of the bluest waters
you'll see and some of the finest white
sand beaches what I'm tired so this is
how it got so popular the population of
the island has outgrown the
infrastructure
at least ten times over those can lead
to a lot of congestion yeah you're gonna
spend most your time
I wanna go today night you know what's
making it either we swim with the sharks
the place where you can actually go and
swim right now yeah we did that
my name is gonna be gone after
depression it's such a humbling
experience swimming next to an actually
we actually the blog let me show you
pictures from now if you little more of
an experience she wanted to do that but
next time we'll have to go much more
interactive than just look at a
waterfall and give you a to Molag it's
definitely working so we ate on this
it's malapascua then be the mirror
likely that you've heard of this place
before but where is the great reason to
go and it's this one and also a movie
going very unlikely you've ever heard
I've ever seen the scuba diver this is a
bust
I'm not a scuba diver more impressive
just like a psychic you see a
beautifully cutting through the wall it
is beautifui is incredible but it's not
the only thing malapascua island itself
is again if you haven't already noticed
the trend
extremely blue water find white sand
beaches paradise relatively new same
anymore it's a very small are quite
expensive do a little reason managed to
find a bit lately
incredibly dormant Island my girlfriend
Laura really hit it off with the locals
if you know anything about the
Philippines
you'll probably be shocked that I put L
neither know is really one of beautiful
places in the Philippines
valo here very pleased leaves even off
now let's start with the great things
about seriously it's nothing like you've
ever seen before
but you are unforgettable because you'll
spend your entire day hanging around
these beautiful landscapes but amazing
where the problems start when night hits
it becomes a bit less enjoyed saying El
Ninos electrical grid is archaic at best
when we found spending we spent it
without any bad negative positive means
that when the power goes after him a
pretty unhappy camper in addition to
this purloined do anything like I do at
the youtuber uploading is basically a
no-go the internet speeds are so slow
they're a little driving bad now there
are some ways you can get around these
inconveniences if you spend a lot more
money you can actually say at
accommodations that will have backup
generators and this will at least help
take care of the problem of your air
conditioning going out so you won't
sweat to death at night I want to end
this off despite all the inconveniences
of El Nido the beauty of this place
makes it all worth it so I have to go
check it out you do end up going make
sure you do the for island tour and make
sure you climb over there and so will
where like it's snack time at mo the
next on my little is boho boho
it's a live it we were planning on doing
we didn't it never hurts to go around
with locals that's how we find some of
the cool little hole in the ground no
word intended with the whole being a big
island you could easily spend five to
ten days here the most popular of the
beaches is alona beach and this is a
place where you can say a five-star
hotel or a guest house or hostel the
pricing is definitely on the expensive
ambulance not being unreasonable
also all
dollars taken greater you drive up
further north from alona beach and
you'll end up visiting these guys only I
did go up further north to libraries you
wanted although I like Conda I didn't
love it I found it a bit of a dirty
beach for me I was Thunder Laden alona
beach rented a scooter and used it to do
day trips like seeing the tarsiers the
chocolate hills etc no trust me a lot of
European inspired church as well exploit
architecture this one here was built by
the Spanish and actually shook up during
an earthquake a few years ago just like
you're gonna see George architectural
his name it's a force that was actually
hand planted by men it's a really
awesome narrow man the meter or
Instagram until pants or the man-made
Morris really oh isn't that
and minutes up north you leave charlotte
he'll be an attraction of Bohol these
are the chocolate hills and you'll
notice they look extremely similar
synergy kiss I don't know if that's why
they've been called that but the name is
definitely fitting you can drive up to
the top of one of the hills and actually
get a pretty good visit of the entire
mountain range I definitely recommend a
wire it's a place I spent almost to go
people scuba diving Janis you gonna do
my Getty no no no no Falls I'm
butchering it but I'll write it down
right across with dumaguete is a short
boat ride to papal island make sure you
align with April Island translates into
English as Turtle Island
well name because everywhere you go is
serious brah there's sea turtles every
gorilla and these chillers are used to
have a beautiful around those turtles
everywhere just make sure this is one of
the must must
this here is Manju yo sandbar I know
this place
the Maldives of the Philippines you
arrive at a little dock you take a boat
across about 45 maybe you're right and
you have that extra time or you want to
take your Instagram to another level you
better check out Manju you at the
sandbar
the other things you can do in Dumaguete
there's a nice line there's great
restaurants and a whole lot of nice
hotels and resorts this is a place for
anyone on any budget number for almost
on the podium but not also known as body
on percenter
now before I even get into this if
you're not too afraid of heights and
you're not afraid to get wet this is one
of the coolest things that you can do in
the Philippines that's a little day trip
where you're guided through these very
narrow car bomb those remain where the
water flows down creating these awesome
little waterfalls it's summer
that's cool Mary thing for you guys
you're welcome
what of impending hearing is it guys I
need to have a guy and I highly
recommend it anyways you would not want
to do this alone
no it's not too expensive from my memory
it's about 30 US dollars you get a guy
but and he shows you through the canyons
he pushes you off the cliff and you even
get a meal out of it you have a $30
which can keep it as a world-renowned
Palace on follow this waterfall
literally looks like the exit to the
Gatorade factory fluorescent blue that
looks like it should be bottled and sold
to people at a very high price so it's a
very nice refreshing because each is
seriously heavy so that I don't use that
word lightly it is my favorite and I'm
honestly blown away hey Jesus de NOC
pond has not been developed as a resort
town this is the most that's credible in
the manner that I've ever seen now if
you remember we talked about El Nido
being in seventh or sixth place
well knock pond is about a 45-minute
scooter ride away from elevator clue
again if you were on the edge of going
to el nido fund an El Nino together so
big move me a scooter ride away from
each other the problem with not pod is
this because it's such a beautifully
untouched landscape there's nothing on
it there's really only a couple of guest
houses with which they have no
electricity up here at certain house so
you can notice yeah give two options I
mean either up the heat and stay in a
very basic guest house
on one of the most beautiful beaches in
the entire world or you can just rent
the scooter from El Nido and drive back
to your hotel resort wherever you're
staying in El Nido but one of the most
epic numbers you'll ever do
cuz I'm here is my silver medal it's
probably my favorite island in the
entire world and it's easily the best
island in the Philippines it is the
definition of exploring getting lost and
seeing things that few others have ever
seen before this is the island it has
the beauty that will one day become a
developed area but for right now you can
experience to yourself you love you
there's so much to see from exploring
the jungle see this even goats that
freely let me sounder see what check out
the mangroves there's these little trees
that grow in the water go explore the
other side of the island where there's
literally no identifiable landmarks
beautiful untouched nature and sometimes
just playing on the side of the road
definitely say hi to them they really
appreciate it and they're a lot of fun
to hang out with I joined a few kids and
playing some basketball it was
definitely one of the hottest when it
was your retirement experience without a
perfect sunset and bongseon certainly
has a lot of in fact the Philippines has
plenty of them I don't think I've seen
more beautiful sunsets in my entire life
you really start to take them for
granted because every single night
you've got a sunset that could easily be
one of the most beautiful you've ever
seen now I want to call it the winner
because everyone's a winner guys sure
anything this is the winner farther
north than el nido it's inaccessible
than El Nido and it can definitely come
a bit of an expensive oh my gosh
we expect a half-dollar because the
flights aren't cheap this is not a cheap
place to go now it's time to show you
why you're willing to spend your money
to come while you're willing to deal
with the inconvenience of getting good
co-run is simply out of this world I
can't compare it to anything to be
honest it's like New Zealand in Africa
my favorite thing to do is rent a
scooter the first thing I do whenever I
get the feeling of exploring terminating
people definitely don't take that as a
bad thing it's an incredible feeling of
truly getting lost in a place that
you've never been before
now after exploring the rural side of
Curran for the day we went to the more
touristy spots there's these beautiful
hot springs where people generally come
for some that's lonely remember marine
definitely expect to see tons of other
travelers it's a really cool way to meet
people the next day my girlfriend and I
and a couple of friends rented kayaks
and we went and kayaks all the way
across go to lunch now we don't know if
I recommend them or because it truly was
a very very very very very good workout
but it's good to stay in shape while
traveling so maybe this is the best
option for you there's also the option
to do Island towards similar infinite El
Nido so maybe check that out if you
don't want to go through excruciating
heat in a kayak but when we made it to
the other side the work was so worth it
simple and limited room unit of this
jagged cliff sides and incredibly blue
water and the feeling of being cut off
from the rest of the world it's
extremely energized
to do that every now and then these are
among some of my face Thank You Quran
this is Laura looking graceful but then
she got bit by a fish at the end of the
day we put up the white flag and we paid
someone to tow our kayaks back behind
their motor boat it was the best
decision we ever made then if you liked
this video and want to see more like
this check out the videos link below I
have top 10 list of Thailand Paiva all I
got to say is the Philippines is amazing
the beauty just like the beauty land
just like the beauty of nature they have
the beauty women too like my baby right
here anyway I want to visit all of it
except for the one where you had jump
off the cliff and then what's your top 3
hmm that last one keeping the chance
even the chance that we are the last one
the one with the red Beach probably just
fall halt I've always wanted to go there
what about you I guess maracas again and
I don't want to drive long I want to fly
so maybe I'll need she just likes flying
for some reason it's beautiful oh my god
Mike what I want to do is just saw
everything there will be a photographer
in the Philippines Philippines is a
really beautiful country I'm really
proud that I'm from the Philippines like
you know like everybody is like hey you
like to go to the Philippines I heard
that country is really beautiful
the beaches are really yeah I'm jealous
all the all the people from the
Philippines get to see it every day
well most most but anyway we're gonna
leave a link below to the video check it
out comment why
tell us your top three what top three do
you like like giving the chance that you
will get trouble even if you're from the
Philippines what's your top three but
anyway we'll catch you later don't
forget to subscribe to us peace love and
happiness guys
you
