pretty looking at you're looking in the
frame looks like you want to leave you
ah what a be focused would be you're
just gonna look and what are we looking
at over here amazing well maybe for you
to make eye contact with the viewers
don't need to go waiting on you now it's
amazing is being grow wild just to see
that you've shaped it as well okay Jess
enough probably you're gonna put this in
the video so extra content for you guys
[Music]
what's up gays J I'm mr. whippy play
will be Gina this Percy toss by Sarah J
and what does this name and need go
excuse you so bad that the said most
park your way possible I know I go past
you there were that way we avoid any
discrimination because of our lack of
pronunciation come to my nylon because
if I'm thinking about it honey go wait
amigo Zen halo well what you know like
you hammer Isaac let me why should
everyone that I do who do they occur
look what maybe mind about that can you
actually help us maybe that sky maybe
could have done a collab on some I think
it in you go
I'm not sure oh yeah cuz I be in he aney
aney creamy IDO correct us to the wrong
place younger and younger yeah
definitely correct obviously I can say
these names we should
this one seat doc do you know the song
be straight up it's like a yes or no
question Kobi show no I think I know the
song if it's a mainstream pop song it's
been on the radio I most likely have
heard it you know people giving me [ __ ]
when I reacted to the music video about
a month ago and they'll buzzing out
there I hadn't heard the song wire as
long as it was so rurals like everywhere
but doesn't mean everyone that's quite
ignorant for people to sing like that
yeah I'm like from what's gonna be a
[ __ ] song that goes well but that's
why whenever yes website oh well as I
started watching more vlogs like because
I like to watch people's love I started
to notice a song in the background of
certain videos online Wow
I'm wondering if I had heard it didn't
realize that I had heard it in like a
blog or whatever on another video who
actually saw my nice anyway this is a
cover
have you heard Sarah T nothing before
never heard of this man apparently she
is very well respected really good
singer dancer - a real performer no
comparisons in this videos I'm reborn
last time his cheek this video
[Music]
sure you freighter that is a really good
this is really good quality too
[Music]
yeah we're really excited so sir
what can we have I thank you
surface Gaga's city party Dom do you
think you'll be bitten in human visual
yeah now I've heard this song before you
ever hear well this guy actually has
some pretty peppy gonna fade back up and
play dirty
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
well Kim amazing the way you step out of
my way
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
real good real clean I feel like a
bloody mess yeah look like I've been for
the absolute walls let's - absolutely
children as bloody good performance in
Syria gee guys no half for the bath
Sarah Jake looking very good sounding
very good performing very good well
that's very good
I recognise the other guy though I think
I've reacted to him before I've seen him
perform offline i watch other videos too
off camera so you have heard their song
yeah I was going to say I'd be very
surprised if you had it I mean it's one
thing for me not to hear it because I'm
very particular about what I hear anyway
but I actually watched erendor cover of
this Darrin is bugged I don't know if
you've reacted to him before absolutely
Keota almost want to see him in Serie G
perform a song together just just hold
the livery and his pronunciation and
where he was moving anyway we're talking
about Sarah Chang so like I need to
check out more videos but obvious
reasons
you're adopted and still not entirely
sure how to pronounce it guys name and I
go and I go younger I doubt the beyond I
go and I'm just saying it is V there is
obviously not how you pronounce it Nick
minute it is but it's the safest way to
say it other than saying how we were
trying to say before because it sounds
like was saying something up and
obviously we aren't there if Nissa t Oh
God so he obviously she's not out of say
there anyways tuning into something else
I don't know what I'm saying right now
any last thoughts on this performance
mr. whoopee little nice I liked it it's
nice nice so that was nice the pyro was
pretty you know cute in a sense kids
meanwhile was not like could have fire
or flames or any of that [ __ ] it's
fitted the venue which was very well
done
that performance was a kid sickness it
was not a performance was a carp on if
they know they're me it means very good
chair carp I don't meet a single ah yes
the one you worse yeah you like to do
first
oh yeah I know that like how you do so
hey you're looking at the females in
movie the audience and so much talking
at right not going right
yeah you know that's a twinkle that I do
think a little startled my eyes yeah you
don't have my tinkle not the time can
you hear this guy say the ship before
you underside with how this is going
well do you want to show them how it's
done
okay thing is that only on special
occasion you know when you type [ __ ]
right and do it in unison and in these
guys wonder why is different setting yes
[Music]
