good morning my name is Neil Irwin
Mercado reporter for inquiry net almost
two months ago we spoke with tourism
Spiteri Bernadette Ramallah we had about
the the status of the tourism sector
during the corona virus pandemic in that
interview she mentioned that the tourism
sector is one of the hardest state
sector joining this pandemic so she
joins us here again today good morning
tourism secretary Bernadette Romo look
we had to give us some updates about new
tourism sector what has changed over the
past two months and the plants of the
Department of Tourism as to how we are
going to recover from this pandemic good
morning secretary two months ago we were
in the middle yeah in the middle of the
long town at the time around well a time
of heating light at the end of the
tunnel basically I'm seen as a Bingham
later serving pulsar tourism it open up
importante trabajo before 2018 close to
5.4 million people employed Saturday's
iam no 2009 in 5.7 million answer to
mass of course with regard to
international tourist arrivals
no 2018 7.1 million foreign tourists
pero no 2018 happened eight point two
six million a tire Sonata eight million
market i or so does alamo even this year
and increased non tourism was eight
point eight percent in january we were
on a roll so who I know young 2019 2020
in January but aspirin a personal 2018
mera minute a panel and actually a
malacca style a domestic tourism among a
filipino they like traveling all over
the country no two thousand eighteen
ninety eight million long on the travel
around countries in 2019 tamartian and
109 million a big Sabean there was an
increase of eleven point two percent
increase now mama Pilipino traveling all
over the country so
in deal among foreigners Duma medicos
Filipinas pero must do mama you monopoly
Pino traveling all over our country last
time you mentioned that tourism sector
is is if not the hardest hit sector do
Cubana negative effects or impact need
to connect to our tourism sector I mean
you mentioned that it's really the
sector is really contributing to our
economy providing jobs to people so
Annina being negative impacts Poonam all
time high iron until our surname in a
person a carryover Shan on January of
2020 no fair boom exact Michonne 45% no
March boom box action and 70 parenting
and more on January to June bug sotnya I
68% they say my mother Aspen is in
January but not to master offices so
books I said no April May June 0 to say
hindi lang naman ionica travel
restrictions pero all over the world
Japan annexed a vasila Mara minik kappa
knows has an open by and bucket you said
mechanic on young annoy are restrictions
among a local government calacas in
among our just because modified gcq
webinar moccasin tourism tell on denim
in Makeba alliance local government live
let's say I'm Bob your since June 1
passion modified gcq
pero nunca nalusa cosas mayor McCollum I
think that was more than a month ago
ready passion back bukas a tourism mama
September the Xingu Sudan yang e using
PI you can young human a protocol safety
protocols pair of eventually Punta Punta
adorn a manga Teresa signal aha um and
do T Metallica mean and beginning safe
and healthy protocol selahattin
establishments in deep wedding
any accommodation mokotan along
certificate of authority to operate back
at ganito to settle on a nominee in sure
Nana bid on lahat nom safety protocols
Casino Union new normal is what would be
the Hanukkah face mask my physical
distancing at plugging my sanitizer
so gallon langhu Sbrocco kamikaze sexy
motto SEC SEC annual non June 11 a 12
NASA Borah high c'mere a new key no
Sapna Minami and see governor mira
flores at you Cannella in May or anomaly
DOMA defies ecq Scylla on sabi nila will
in Pomona Salam ANBU us only to Western
Visayas I'm sabi nila gusto danila again
ready you know tokens nila casts a goose
Penelope bukas Nadella Sabu Pilipinas
for domestic tourism gusto knowledge
engraving lady Scylla you all the
protocols are in place but having said
that no permit a common on June 11 very
impressed Cosentino analog protocols
diameter canary back up Punta Leticia
Sbrocco
mug mug greater serve communica anemone
and Mowgli reserve communis a hotel na a
cry became that was we began Cagayan now
online McPhee Philip Freneau you know
health declaration form opposed aha
maganda done self declaration form so
Donna pneumonia
digging protocols Alejandra spots whom a
temperature car may sakit Kavita papaya
and Pumas oh so pompous of masa Boracay
be big a fan on QR code
opposition to our code non-contact
Lesnar is a scan muna la cocina Donna
lahat in health health declaration for
more so a maganda possible Rock I let's
say ajumma semantics am demo I'm Mariana
salon Tina pavana kovin hotline I got
egg on a bag de la casa of spittle me
Ospital don't Boracay young Ciriaco to
roll Hospital
a TPS
mokuba koala Kumiko VidCon Aman again a
goggle canasa island cuz I am Boracay
proud to say is covet free so you know
mana maganda pin upon allah and allah
kiya seguro
augustana local government the new
governor you like me or not
eutteum focused on Bora is a domestic
tourism espera young fellah Gong young
Camila protocol I knew sabi nila Brando
Munna so you are so far your number as
Western Visayas mignon is under modified
gcq be visiting kosher one of these days
it should check not in you can element
protocol Sparrow most of them are open
to locals for example embroil Nabu cos
and Bohol Lucas Lamas a local Sparrow on
Sabin McGovern area from an angle Ponca
Maggie modified gcq narrow Cielo gusto
nella Bocas Mona dosa la semana lo
locals muna the cosmic boo boo cos
lambda Scylla for domestic tourism young
outside ball cap again Cannella la Buse
Alana Sara Lin Lang lab the podium lab
danila I know sir Abner done long
cylinder Papa rocks on domestic tourism
and eventually for international travels
good and then you this Friday leap and
open economy Palawan Kaka shopping
cognomen see governor Alvarez vomited
all nacelle and modified gcq gusta Mila
Kunis Alliance among all awareness muna
ago Ossipon Munna Naaman ooh a new mama
protocol is Neela I'm Sabini governor
Alvarez gusto Munna dawn Ella booboo
Cosmo nodosa Lhasa domestic tourism pero
guzman Papa goose a Panama new protocols
a calendar manga or modified Jessica
O'Grady Naboo asthma an important
important Nakuru submarine local
government the Cecilia Magee implement
actually must occupant careful you local
go
men ibig sabihin concourse of Silla he
makes a big readiness element Asuna
charisma saw you outside the cannula
city municipality or province it makes a
billion readiness illa - manga you
important parent as a beetle is annoying
importantly is you can Ukrainian
municipality and Omaima protocols in
place at whose happened in amman hindi
lang yung safety protocols
Kousaka me as a devotee an opinion land
nominee accommodation local government
eating Anila among a physical distance
in Benares a beach or superb in Canary
Lagoon ko etc or iam any tourist
activity I'm important adorned young
health facility the Travel Survey Khmer
with the Asian Institute of Management
and guide to the Philippines um Unum
zena's Abaddon is Goosen goose
tournament travel among a Filipino unum
number one a maganda gusto mo namilama
travel Munna seguro around you
municipality nila around the city gusto
mo na mila by lon a poor second along by
air para curiously diet no gusto Neela
Munna Bhai by land bounnam on travel you
number one Agusta meal important
destination is still Boracay
gusto nila you know gustan KO yung
survey it makes a billion
Nadine / nu you Maha Pilipino gusta
macabre acting gusto man travel Munna
you mama millenials
among a cabana and Casa Cielo Nina
Manila Machado subordinate Amma anak
Ovid Coppola number one gusta Mila
abogado de la palma de session lugar
eating man moon adorned Alejo Hospital
you health facilities so you know una
Nina wanna may know not Bora I
commissioned Aetna menu Hospital Dorn we
read in an army on department of tourism
mirrored in a nominee hospital dawn for
medical emergencies aside from kovin
Cassie Union
anything Anna traveler will I be safe
first safe bio accommodation will have a
hollow squeezes and poop on angka
kumbhaka medical emergency Meryem bottom
occupant hospital say el nido you didn't
eat banana man new medical facility so
you know Maggie new normal cool safe I'm
stayin Alana lugar number to annoy you
human protocols 3 Kumamoto medical
emergency animal I know some silly
pupunta issue similar resent a bolita
from the do teen major and again attract
MMA in it minute more like pina goes up
and put a like a secretary because it's
interesting and that is the plan of the
Department of Tourism to to invite or to
accommodate human foreign tourists from
virus free country secretary can you
elaborate on this plane
Union I'm actually in de Tobago it's
what he called the travel bubble or the
travel corridor unicorn una a new
between Australia and New Zealand you
travel bubble or travel corridors you
new may use happening de la venganza
human at the loom bands on and mile
Lukovic Jesus or Hollow zero improve it
assess the bacon travel with sir
Nathaniel buzolic
Canada New Zealand Australia malapa
clung Scylla so the since Hollis wanna
still on cuvee they can travel in each
other's countries on Kosovo human arm
but NASA ASEAN you know them pin a GU
happen among but even burn sat in it in
a million manga
bonza now Milo Kovac cases aren new
supplier no we can travel in each
other's country anyway no one covetous
has not been dyin emancipate penis we
have 7000 641 Islands suerte Palika
Ananta Liga sa dials 7600 41 islands at
12 internal
shanell airports so una punky no sub d
toh aisi governor yup the same ababa you
kisses jnanam couvade some bull pissing
on continent moccasin Pilipinas as a
whole in cases not in Minami pero
continent mo / tourist site / / island
baba baba UK says so no news of Khomeini
governorship removal gusta moon Adonia
domestic tourism owner Patricia Papa
school finally ready Rocha gusto Dona
Ana do name lobna lahat but nothing done
on touristic weddin and the red chakra
see my international airport chair but
the ding dong turista is a swab belong
at ku- this happen along kilometer
McLaren in Perry definitely Hindi 14d
slowly travel restrictions are easing up
so we're hoping let's say pack a
dependable negative shock maybe one or
two days 'no lanka quarantine readiness
on a cotton ball
Boracay you didn t reaping the nominee
governor miraflores Mogollon Rim the
mere intention lab so Ballymun Capeci
along the own that was a knock upon
Jeannie come in on donations to fill
invest when may 3 rt-pcr machine Susilo
no so far apart that in the own let's
say none trista foreign tourists it the
best muna who negative or positive
KCU nominal importante Papa so negative
a king important is a trouble bubble
jumping giggling on hollow swollen cases
now covet or mob abandon cases so you
know you don't get a foul-mouthed double
bubble or not contain Manila you go
vanilla you you hollows you another flap
a mandolin curve so you not anything
Nanami cassette though on domestic
tourism is probably 85% of the gross
domestic product
paladin cool domestic tourism actually
Buena de Mayo pero Mira Mira and Kasane
goose Tony Lamanna international
tourists a machete boom boom Augusto
smash malakian per capita you not
anything Nanami when it again depends on
when the local government is ready and
when the protocols are in place
serpentine across of nominal Boracay or
behold
Paladini lungs in Assam a local muna
opposed domestic tourism wound up in an
Munna not a mistake first big domestic
first although okay Mona is a domestic
cocina Malachi Nimmons a canary 12.7% of
contribution to GDP 1.8% Sharma little
domestic muna Sokka I'm internationally
so I'm I'm then the detour slow but sure
Khosla ha ha important in importante for
the Department of Tourism
Nakuru Satnam a new local government
unions a partner in a min Silla support
implement say according mismo gusto ko
union no he nahin ila ki nahi night I
oka say and my here up let's see maka
outbreaks is a tourist spot and lisa
pennal AHA boom Pilipinas new name
chameleons and Department of Tourism in
admitting up commence upon buca's slow
but sure pero at least
boo boo as not this Friday lilypad el
nido palawan taka shopping for NASA
governor Alvarez
see mayor Adnan el nido advocacy
marianum Quran where to princess an
examiner who did a legacy already so in
the morning we took a spoon and the
d-o-t will impose its today it's really
up to the local government yes yes we
have to look at to say but among to
response but even protocols but a buddy
monocytes cusamano a bar known for
diving a bar known for surfing you Diana
we dogs in the lungs and sang in beach
Pharaoh Melman our big lagoon small
lagoon but Obama Protocol's no sham prey
goose to Manhattan Cosima Ramirez Alain
Delon SLM prabhavo mattah mo 5.7 million
hollows in employment three small so
oxycodone element Couture is MSA well
under select Rama ho
pero Kyle and Amanda not in balance a
convenient
TRAI a partner not a new local
government act you private sector and
Italian a young Kosovo young local
government protocols nila important in
my hospital I know you can along my
hotline I know you got away for
emergencies at young private sector
reading a by you can alum accommodation
my safety protocols number in place and
I an MC nominal survey you number one is
in D Coogan on Cod and I you lugar
perros if bio implemented I'll you were
talking about the importance of
balancing it there are people out there
who are losing their jobs Nabu Gautam
dial well onto the same they're relying
on the sector to feed their children to
feed themselves but at the same time we
have doing a new own safety so the
question now is we are doing these
things team on Academy whenever possible
when we're doing stories when you said
you had a plan to open up for
international tourists it's just a
little more constraints than the race is
are we ready if you are going to do this
are we ready secretary
what's your response that is the
Philippines ready
definitely let's say I'm is a tourist
spot qunari modified gcq ready national
for non leisure at web inertia for
tourism if it's perfectly percent
capacity lemon young muna
Hindi based on the numbers indicia
modeling modified gcq cooling dish ready
young pero and young so based on the
statistics
of the the health numbers of Ovid
numbers I'm seen as a been a numeral I
played in um 50%
I'm tourism pero ebay you me small
implementation and local government at
first osakusa pinnacles happen at in
local government Telugu subsea protocols
 red in a bush a confident member
shaman us okay say I appreciate that
Champa Champa a human a local government
matatini branches second among residents
come grab in Ibaka who the Cosima
remembering occurred and it requires
confidence so Commission Department of
Tourism partnering a mint in a corrosive
nominee local government company not
been put in place new safety protocols
as a safety and health protocols first
as an additional assurance to
instruments Tamil travel and do people
by I made all power to let's say to
impose penalties to airing
establishments no violations happen
liebe ok I get rather dire but what
assurance can the DoD gave us that were
safe if we're going to travel so very
important power and VOT impose penalties
on on establishments who fail to
implement her protocols and all that
Dean Irwin and Armenian begoña Bacchus
and Baraka non June 16 my mama do madam
Sabra I pretending they were with us no
malice come a June 12 vomiting Zilla
June 12 them happen again God is not
mean I think they were 24 23 + 20 20
plus next a seal SAS on hotel no a long
certificate of authority to operate from
the de Beauvoir urine so unagi no wanna
mean
quinoa
Tina Naaman la casa de barranca depend
on the name Daniel angle Armand Ovid
positive palasa Dino an immense a hotel
financial nominee on Canyon
accreditation that means skeleton
business in a Warren Armenian see some
restaurants an onion
the colonel is some bar grab a well um
social distancing William physical
distance in Kunar a table for four four
until adorned
maraming reports maraming an openness a
Ramona secretary just your final words
message to our fellow Filipinos and also
to our international travelers who are
so excited to really visit the
Philippines separate I'm actually doing
to my time join me any words for them
he's nobody see nothing on a cop was
named summer monokuma Tanaka I about
that param Baguio pero Napa hadn't de
perón a message oh hey bong well first
of all messiah for simon a tourism
stakeholders messiah corner slowly but
surely Naboo Bacchus Natori small
finally macaque acaba Hana
Amata Oh pero semana boost on amendment
gavel
patient lang tayo while we are not
allowed to travel or human a local
government you I'm cautious Munna man
open up non Camila monitory spots
press assured reading Islamic buca's
safety and health protocols are in place
from Punta Nene adorn
safe Nassif but in the meantime buy
local support locality mana Mannion
Govan online support everything local
param a tool on semana Kappa Filipino
Nana wala nang trabajo or humanity
business Marilyn Horne and when it is
safe
to travel please Travel local support
local but for now stay at home mm-hmm
dream and wake up in the Philippines and
even with all the health and safety
protocols in place it's still more fun
in the Philippines you heard it straight
from km secretary bernadette Romulo who
at once this all over once everything is
safe
support local travel okay thank you very
much for inviting me and so thank you so
much again again this is Neil Irwin
Mercado reporter for in quarter net
everyone please stay safe thank you
you
