we're live yeah are you live again again
good afternoon ladies and gentlemen for
another episode of illustrator go live
and I'm LaLanne Joe Benitez
editor-in-chief here at illustrator and
I'm even Lee Ross I'm the features
editor let's try the magazine and yeah
we're sitting here we're sitting here
the very beautiful are we residence here
in blue hooter and do by their by their
Creek at the Royal Club here at the 10th
floor what a beautiful place and like I
said welcome to another episode of
Illustrator go live
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
coyote newest padded musica para para la
mahabhava - Lou Bava Batra Davos navaja
flexible
let's go
[Music]
this Independence Day celebrate your
freedom to move more with lBCC's box
bundles must be Nawrocki must be nerdy
by must affordable now happy
Independence Day from LBC
[Music]
you
we're back we're back of course before
anything else we'd like to thank our
generous sponsors who have always
supported us all this time
we have LBC Express incorporated kaya
Skin Clinic Western Union and of course
the fabulous Radisson Blu Hotel Dubai
Dara Creek yeah at least we can say that
now like it was like a thong to us there
for some time to you know be able to say
that quickly but there are a lot of good
things happening here for first so many
ones anything for almost like half over
the years and all the restaurants and
for you guys out there have not tried
the restaurants out here in the Radisson
booed by their Creek already some blue
hotel divide their Creek there is an
amazing I'm going with the promotion
it's two-for-one offer all the Filipinos
out there you can bring your Filipino
friends also yeah that's all across the
Asian restaurants here at the hotel
so that sumi be yeah yeah that's um
that's me not the China Club and brunch
at the fish market the break the fish
market so very very amazing offer and if
you guys want to know what's in the
restaurant we have having videos exactly
you have people with eating with Judy
administered and if you want to know how
to really pronounce a broccoli
yeah it's broccoli yeah this far you get
you get kind of like a feel and
experience of what I would expect here
the very beautiful food in the
restaurant the review and the beautiful
view right which is really 50 percent of
the experience exactly so yeah an
amazing day today we have so much in
store for you a lot of inspiring content
this is a convert yes this is our 33
this is our complete issue which is work
and play and it's work and play because
we realize that there's really a
between business and travel there's
always that sense of adventure you know
you need to be intrepid and bold to go
out there even for a lot of us who are
working like we need a break sometimes
you know and that's why in this issue
it's a very special issue because we are
showcasing a lot of racing Filipino
startups Rising Filipinos are nabina
founded businesses across uses in the
UAE and the GCC we're also going to be
talking about you know some tips on how
to win during the downturn mm-hmm and
you know a tip for Philippine brands out
there that want to branch out here in
the UAE and the rest of the Gulf and we
also have a lot of travel stories we are
going to show you the top 10
destinations that we love this year top
12 12 actually dr. and then we're gonna
be talking about or gonna be bringing
you tips travel tips from Filipinos who
actually live in your favorite cities
across the world so be tuned guys and
Watson does the end you're gonna you're
gonna enjoy this so oh I didn't think to
talk about mmm-hmm a lot of things just
talked about so let's talk about our
first feature of the day which is called
winning through the GCC downturn lessons
on resilience agility and opportunities
and you know in the last two years we
people have been talking about how
difficult if a business has been in not
only in the UAE but also in the entire
Gulf region it's because of the low oil
prices and the lower consumer spending
so a lot of people are affected by that
but what we wanted to do was to checked
with business leaders and see how they
are thriving you know even at this kind
of a situation and we spoke to three
business leaders very prominent business
leaders
first of all retail icon we call him an
icon yeah but you know we feel very
close to him here in the Filipino
community is to arch' Ghani the managing
director of Giordano who is also proud
Lasallian so proud of the side and we've
adopted him as a he's probably more
Filipinos evangelist probably Filipinos
and a lot of us
yeah of course if Oregon is their
engineer mary-jane alvaro al-mahdi who
is the CEO of the prime group of
companies a very prominent Filipina in
the community and of course Joby Tuan
you who used to be the chairman of the
Philippine Business Council in Abu Dhabi
who is also the CEO of a Chicago and you
know what we've learned by talking to
them and we're gonna be posting these
articles very soon and you will see it
also in the digital issue which we will
be posting the link off you know within
within the video later on is that the
downturn is not all doom and gloom
mm-hmm you know so what we have learned
from them is that companies are actually
able to innovate also during this time
so what did you say earlier in about
innovation oh yes we were talking about
the topic of CAM and we were talking
about innovation for good businesses
innovation just it doesn't come when
only when bad things happen you know
like you innovate when good things
happen you innovate when bad things
happen and that's how you grow the
business and I really like the
Thessalians
business I think that's a very important
in in the business world you know yeah
and not only to survive but also to
thrive I just wanted to pick out a few
things and you know there's that adage
right need is the mother of all
invention right so sometimes when people
are put to the test that's when they can
really evolve and you know blossom into
other things and we've seen it from our
business leaders like Ishwara and Mary
Jane ishwor was saying that at this time
what was key for them to keep it going
was to listen to what their customer
needed and to be flexible enough you
know to change the way they operate or
the way they do things or their service
or their product offerings you know to
be in tune with a market I like that
listening is very important in business
yes you have been in like in many
industries yeah
thing a lot of businesses complicate the
way they communicate with their audience
like these are the people that you're
meeting the people simple as listening
Jovita on you said keep your ears on the
ground you know listen to what's
happening and listen to what's going on
on the other hand of the spectrum Mary
Jane you know their company they were
able to involve into new businesses you
know in in the last two years also so it
was a time for expansion because they
were looking at where the market was
going to and what people needed and that
was you know that has enabled them to
become a one-stop shop for their client
you know what she said here is as the
saying goes innovate or die this is from
Joe Vittorio it collaborate with other
industry players in for three years on
the council II like that that's very
power this is a very powerful is they
this is a very you know it's a very good
article we advise you folks especially
if you're into entrepreneurship if
you're already running a business
whether you're having a good time an
easy time or a bad time right now please
learn from these people we're gonna be
posting the article and we're gonna be
putting the linked or a digital issue so
you can read this article
perhaps we can read some of the advice
that they have for for entrepreneurs
here you have Mary Jane saying do it
differently from others master your
craft know your edge in the market and
be strategically competitive most of all
and this all of them have said maintain
and invest in customer relationships now
more than ever this is the time you need
to be really keeping a good in close
relationship with your customers and I
also would like to share what Jovita
Juan you said he says you can only grow
your business if you innovate or change
the way you produce or trade their
products and services to meet customer
expectations like he said innovate or
die very simple you know it's very blunt
but that's the reality out there yeah
Schwartz agon II also shared something
which is very very interesting for me he
said a company's culture is the ultimate
competitive advantage competitors can
steal your products or services or even
your key employees
however they cannot steal a great
company culture that resonated with me
so much you know because anybody and
everybody can copy you anybody can copy
whatever your company is doing but they
cannot steal the core of your company
which is the culture which is the heart
of the company your ethics you know the
way you view things that nobody can
steal so lots of good lessons please
wait for that art let's learn from from
the best of them all now we move on to
our next story how would you want to
read a title another interesting story
another interesting story but we're
highlighting today is growing together
with the global Filipino mmm-hmm which
is lbc yeah so a lot of businesses back
home as you were saying they're very
interested to tap on this this middle
eastern market
and one of the businesses that has been
very brave mm-hmm
to kind of like go here and and like
reach out of the people and get the
Filipinos yeah and maybe even non
Filipinos out here I think it's very big
things to do is LBC you know now now we
put the subtitle lbc exemplifies the
bold growth mindset of a Philippine
brand surfing the OFW market you know
we've been here in the UAE for such a
long time it's too long I'm embarrassed
to mention so you know we've seen a lot
of companies come and go and you know
there are only a handful of Philippine
companies that are actually out here
fully committed to the olw market like
they will come and they will go and all
their initiatives are very practical in
the market but I think to be able to
really succeed and capture and leverage
the benefit namaha OFWs out here you
have to be committed full-on mm-hmm just
like you know these guys um I think LBC
I'm just looking for those stats they
have six thousand and four hundred
branches hubs warehouses and partners
and agents in over 30 countries and
13,000 employees
now how many Philippine brands are ready
to commit like that so we feel that you
know if you're in from the Philippines
guys if you're working with
Philippine brand their real way to go is
to come here and be part of this market
and actually sir the Filipinos not just
to come once in a while but you know
commit to presence here here so that you
can be successful in in the market
another thing that again we go back to
innovation
like what lbcc has done you know iiii
really like the title of this article
like going with the global filipino
because the the filipino that we know
then we're here yeah they're changing
exactly yeah that's a good point and as
a brand of bc caters to the changing and
growing yeah global filipino our global
kebaya and yeah that's right as a matter
of fact when we were even their services
are changing it's not the billikin
buying like the big bulk buying boxes
anymore so they said for them to succeed
in the market it's really following what
the community needs because the
community is changing like you said and
now LBC is not only serving you know
ordinary filipinos but they're also
catering to SMEs so they have a services
to cater to small businesses and that's
another growth area for them and you
know what help them innovate is being
here and actually feeling the market
actually listening understanding the
market who they really wanna thought so
you know if you want to learn about what
LBC has done in in in the past and where
they're headed to so that you know you
can also help your Philippine brand come
out here and grow please do read this
article we're going to be uploading that
very soon and yeah just to break our
very serious discussion right now we'll
have to greet the people who are
watching us al we go ahead I would like
to say hi to you guys who's watching
today's like I see Regina my morale
we're out a bit having Philippa thornly
I guess is watching Penta Alice out
there Marius went along and quietly
butchering everyone's name it's probably
well berries from Kuwait many carbs
Blanca hi reaction just because it's
watching Beauty mantis watching and
Ishwar Jocasta
kumusta sure we need to have you in
illis try to live I think you have more
people watching of course Jules casaba
was all the way in the Philippines
representing the farm at san benito
another favorite place of ours Anna
DeLeon hi Anna
i on Gonzaga of course hi I am Jeff I
know friends and hikida Sesto and of
strawberry nails hello and my hair and
desert here yes not bad but I see Chris
yeah and des Morano from Tess Manzano
from Lee Ali jewelry and of course rose
and Antonio guys if you're out there
just say hi to us drop us a line maybe
you have questions about business we
have a special guest today
Yallah celebrity guest we have a
celebrity guest at least a rockstar in
the trade sector you know and she will
be talking about the Philippines
participation at the Dubai Expo 2020
what a landmark thing for all of us
Filipinos out there but before we bring
her in let's lighten up the mood with
our next video which is all about this
is our top 10 travel destination is
something to send up with yeah it's the
top 12 travel destinations that we love
this year yes this year let's get to
that
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
that was fast there are ten plus two ten
plus two missions that we love this year
very very interesting because this is
not your usual you know but like we have
the stable ones that we we will always
love like up in here again you have its
together here in Tokyo but there are new
ones like Qatar and India yeah you have
no visa in KOTOR in Montenegro in
Montenegro and then Kolkata yeah Tokido
in India you have Novi Sad which is the
adversity of Serbia so a lot of very
very interesting destinations we're
gonna be saying this list and our
digital platforms to inspire your next
inspire your next travel what's your
favorite there but yeah
Montenegro Montenegro kiss it's very
interesting you know like Milan Italy
Paris the secret is out already but like
with with Montenegro there is a
mysterious mess this I heard like the
parties and Montenegro all right amazing
really yes I mean cheap
we've seen Philippine designer angel
Billy are celebrating her birthday
they're in Montenegro recently and it
really looked beautiful so you know it's
a good place to be targeting for your
nephew if Italy and New Zealand had a
baby it would be Montenegro way of
putting it
but anyway well we'll go back to travel
later on but now let's go back to
business guys and now we're gonna be
talking about the rising Filipino
startups what a very blooming seen in
Asia you know our Asian pundits are
saying that the Philippines is the
hotbed for startups right now well that
was my question to you a while ago like
how do you really define a start exactly
a lot of people are asking what a
start-up is so essentially a startup of
course is an SME but startups are built
to scale quickly sometimes I get
confused when I say that they're built
to scale quickly and most of the time
startups are built for the founders to
exit quickly you know like you say in
the next five years I'm going to be
acquired by Amazon
and you know that's going to blow up the
business so typically these startups are
in the tech sector because that's where
you see so much growth you know so much
exponential growth and the Philippines
is so active in this right now and it
has been estimated that there are about
500 startups you know in in the sector
and we're gonna be talking about some of
the very promising startups in the
Philippines and as well as here in the
UAE starting with sorry with Dena
recache founded by John Edwards and
Ileana well he's a rock star you know
everybody
I mean Filipinos are still very few and
far between in the startup community
here in the UAE and of course leading us
out there is John Edwards until yan
their company has won you know the
fourth Dubai Smart printer competition
and you know they have a very novel way
of allowing Filipinos like us to send
money back home without any charges so
right now they're covering the UAE in
Saudi Arabia but I think soon they're
going to be covering in the end pockets
yes well they're gonna be key they do
those markets as well exactly so guys
we're telling you about these companies
not only for you to get inspired but
also to remind you to please support our
Filipino business community okay so
please support that's the Ameri cash
also in the FinTech
category we have a Q Dean and beam and
go in the Philippines now a Kadeem is
very interesting because what they're
doing is that they're helping SMEs you
know to get money or to get financing
because sometimes it takes a long time
for small companies to get paid you know
you have to wait for 90 days you have to
wait for 120 days to get your payments
what a khadeem does is that if you're
already billed you've already issued
your invoice they help fund that for you
within three to five days yeah so you
know you get access to funds which is
very very important for entrepreneurs
and our Kadeem was founded by Magellan
feta lino right and then we have Beeman
go with founder founded by Mary stands
and at an Hur and Albert tkachenko I
think a lot of a lot of Filipinos abroad
will will be able to relate to it
because when when we said Ironman
money's back home it's kind of like
misused exactly like our families get
excited shopping sprees act so you don't
know what happened what happens to the
money that's why women go is here yeah
so they're trying to solve that problem
so what happens is that you can actually
buy like grocery coupons or pay for
utility bills using their app which you
know assures you that your money goes
where it's supposed to go and you know
that is to help your family and make
sure that you know they're able to
control and budget their finances
properly right and then from FinTech we
go to agriculture technology we have a
grabba marketplace and the founders are
jojo camino coal and june a coal and
what Agrabah helps with the communities
that they're actually plugging in
farmers with you know partners because
typically farmers and the poor right
back home that's a big problem because
they're they're not getting paid
properly and philippines is kind of like
heavenly reading philippines
relies heavily quite quite heavily on a
secretary yeah and I'm sure our guest
leader will have some thoughts about
this also so they're helping out the
farmers to get partners who can
facilitate fair trade and they get paid
properly for the services that they
provide we also have farm watch
solutions established since 2016 with
the founders James C Rupert Calvin
sievert and Athena la Vega and far much
as what actually helping out farm setups
in the Philippines with environmental
and energy monitoring so they're
actually helping farm producers back
home to make sure that whatever
facilities they have are optimal yeah I
think the farm watch goal is to ensure
that both the the worker isn't even the
animals get an efficient and expert
environmental monitoring that it was
just beneficial from the business to the
consumer so definitely and then we have
Burkett not pH which is founded by
Herbert Joey bok-dong Roy Benedict
Julian Jeff Clarence Tula
Alexander Soriano Benedicto Manresa in
once Elsa Flores Berkut actually their
vision is to become like the Facebook or
the link in for businesses back home so
this is like a marketplace where you get
matched with the suppliers that you need
with the providers that you need with
the clients that you need so it's a
great space you know this is like the
yellow pages of 2019 well but like so
much better this is like the yellow
pages on steroids because actually it's
a very dynamic kind of connection you
know gone are the days when you have to
go through directories yeah and then for
of course we have all access or access a
very very new startup and a concept here
in the you in the UAE very interesting
because with the growth of SMEs and
startup companies there is another sort
of named all access Nikita is to go
working spaces and caters to people who
are involved in the industry
yeah so what's really good and
interesting about this story that is
that it mirrors your a lifestyle so it's
not just a correct space but it's right
you get lifestyle perks you get access
to gyms to get access to cafes and to
yoga place a lot of things so it's
basically a work and play situation
exactly right yeah so guys if you are a
remote worker or you're off you know
your company operates like this please
do check out all access um work
co-working space and you know support
let's support each other right maybe we
can break for some greetings Alawis yes
I am ready to butcher some things again
seeing how you do these artists I know
Julie Pompey new charm Anya and we're
gonna see juni on Frank juni yeah juni
source on oh yes yeah yes also watching
your on our is watching their perder yes
is watching Albert Alba
eBay eBay elleven Venice ginto I know I
know I know Ella
I know Ella and also watching of course
we have Christian jaredwall Chris Des
Moines who is always supporting us hi
Chris
Leo burr Amedda hello Leo Nick Aloha
loris Gilbert read all the way from
Ireland hello Jill Bert and of course we
have Bru b babita all the way from
Tbilisi in Georgia Ruby we're gonna be
talking about your tips later on most
people watching from all over the world
and Edwin Dori of course is there and
Joe mark Gaza watching from Sydney
Australia Wow hi guys and thank you for
participating and so we go back to our
startups we have Tang Harry it was so
difficult for me I wasn't sure if this
is Tangier or Tong Harry I saw the the
video and it is town here and it's
bounded by Martin Saviour Pena floor
again I start up in the Philippines
they're handling big data analytics so
if you're a Philippine company that
needs to do a survey they are able to do
this for you at a fraction of the cost
and they incentivize people to answer
the survey so check them out Tong hurry
up and then we have trip seeker trips
zeker this is made founded by chemical
them made for for the one-day lists you
know the clusters like to the Chavo
seeking free new activities and
adventures and things to do in a city
and just basically like planning your
entire trip right but like yeah so much
more efficiency from travel to fashion
we have style genie dot php' I Abby
Victorino mean Rhema Capaldi and Ariane
fallacious which is very exciting
because you know instead of just buying
your clothes you actually get a full
styled kit just for you which you know
takes the guesswork
yeah out of the whole equation makes it
easier for you to get dressed up in the
morning so do check out style genie pH
of course we have kahan pH which which
is also in the Philippines it's a
logistics company and it's on demand
tech enabled storage what an interesting
concept we're going to be sharing all
these information with you later on and
this
come on Doc pH is founded by Nick
Padilla and Carlos Domingo and then we
we have mr. geek mobile solutions
founded by Roy Batista and they provide
mobile app solutions to a lot of SMEs in
the Philippines and we have snippet
media established since 2016 and the CEO
is Christopher Starr I love your name
Christopher Starr so if you're listening
do holler at us are you connected to
Patrick Starr Christopher Starr love his
name so he said we bring together a
group of skilled driven enthusiastic and
professional individuals who come
together every morning to bring you the
stories that matter so that's another
platform where you can get your you know
information fresh do check them out
snippet media that come and there are
another business out here like we don't
know these people coming up right guys
if you haven't heard about Giver yet we
have give her your friendly marketplace
for sharing we started this endeavor in
2017 and we're still growing you know
this is part of the ilist rata family
the whole idea of giver is to give give
away what you don't need ok because we
have so much stuff at home which is not
being used and sometimes all these
things are thrown away in the landfill
so instead of throwing them away give it
away give away what you don't need and
then you can get stuff for free just pay
for delivery you know there's no shame
in asking you know you don't have to buy
all the time if asking you shall do you
see you yes asking you shall receive so
if you find something that you're
interested in and giver just make a
request and you know if the the giver
approves you will receive it and that's
it you just pay for delivery so
hopefully you can support us and you
know check out your closets this weekend
and not just closets you have furniture
you have a lot of stuff exactly so many
things by the way we have been
partnering with companies also and you
know in recent in recent months we have
distributed some 150 pieces of furniture
from the Jebel Ali resorts hotels group
and we have also distributed over a
thousand pieces of ceramic ware and
we've got so many good stuff coming in
from our corporate partners as well so
please do support us yeah
and here's some more greetings al we oh
yeah somewhere names to some morning
which are them
okay I'm gonna do this I'm Alan both
knees they are watching on multi-hop LBC
thank you so much
Janice Allah is watching Malou Prado is
watching from are from mpq Tommy Papa is
watching Oliver Serrano from alpha media
marlon Molina from gravis or tricks hi
Marlene Philippine Reyes is watching MJ
e bi is watching and noticeable are safe
from mr. oneís giving you a hard time
with all these names yeah underpants
also much like yeah I wonder if yes
watching with their yeah market been
floor from that is also here at the
audience hi Martin yeah and of course
dr. Jackson bhai thank you guys so much
for tuning and are you guys Jenny for
our celebrity cos celebrity guests are
building up building up yeah but before
that we'll break for our travel tips
from insiders from your favorite cities
yep
[Music]
you
[Applause]
okay before we announce our our Rockstar
guest today whom we have so promptly
embarrassed sorry boy all right we'll
just acknowledge all the contributors
who have you know shared with us the
insider travel tips from their cities we
had dr. Rebecca desiderio and her family
lived in Seoul for a year so she has
some very nice tips there the most
important tip that I really like she
said before you travel to Seoul you go
on a diet because you have to be able to
eat
you cannot just not you oh the beautiful
food out there of course we have our
favorite person in Japan Robert alag and
the fabulous fabulous Robert ology
Salama Tamara MFR always contributing to
illustrate oh there are a lot of tips
from Robert which we're going to share
with you in the link later on and of
course from Singapore we have grace in
hell I'm hella or angel it's it's grace
angel and then of course from Hanoi in
in Vietnam we have ice and Bernard oh
thank you very much guys for
participating and we're going to share
that material with all you later on and
for our special guest drummer were very
very lucky we're very very busy at work
yeah Marty at the same exactly thank you
for having me it's a very important
topic framing everyone's favorite topic
every time here the police is gonna be
at the expo we're like you know so sell
celebratory so it's it's a landmark it's
a milestone for the Philippines yes it
is what is the significance of Dubai
Expo 2020 similar Filipinos Ito what do
you think sure man well I think this is
really the biggest participation the
Philippines have is participating in any
any trade show and exposition all over
the world since time immemorial
so definitely are we are really going
big for this and of course the 700,000
UAE base Filipino sister is something
you know so definitely we are excited
about this participation and I am sure
everyone can be very proud of it
hope really hope that everyone can be
proud of it so I mean there's a cultural
component to this whole thing and we're
gonna talk about that later but what
about on the business side what does the
Philippines hope to gain by
participating in the expo from a trade
and tourism point of view yes of course
actually 2/3 of our objectives for
Philippine participation primarily why
the Department of Trade and Industry is
chairing it the Philippine organizing
committee is because our objective is
treaty trade investment interests and
promotions for one and then second is
business to consumer engagement so
direct direct to consumer business so
there are many opportunities in the
pavilion itself you will have a
restaurant and we will have a retail
shop so this have been posted for
bidding already the requirement it has
to be Filipino owned I needed something
to were excited about yes we're excited
because it's very rare that you go out
here and you actually have Filipinos as
the priority for business meetings you
know for everything here of course the
Filipinos are the priorities like what
are always seeing the Philippine
pavilion for the Philippine
participation is 50 percent okay another
50 percent is about the 18 months
monthly events that were that we are
organizing so we're going to be
releasing an expo calendar so everyone
should look out for it but definitely a
lot of opportunities on a monthly basis
for either exporters yeah whether you're
in the you know and in a
direct-to-consumer business yeah all of
these opportunities open so charmagne
where can enterpreneur see the
information for for these projects so
that they can bid of course so for all
I'm posting for bidding it's going to be
at www.cpa.psu.edu th so all the tenders
in relation to the Dubai Expo 2020 are
going to be posted there and of course
they're looking for Filipino owned
businesses so you guys if you're in the
business and whatever you're offering
match is what the DTI is looking for
please do participate yeah
how about sportive and our mom Filipinos
open to the normal again of course
participate in the Philippi and with the
Philippine participation and Expo by
visiting the Philippine pavilion that's
one that's from October 20 22 April
20-21 but like I said there's going to
be multi events starting from August and
April 2019 to occurs 2019 to April 20-21
so all this monthly events these are all
open to the public whether you're a
businessman or you're just a visitor
it's all for Philippine so it's more
than a year of celebrations really for
the Philippine community and you know
I'm sorry guys we can't be right so
strict all the time we always have to
burst out and laughter that's how we do
it even for the business discussions
that's how we roll but anyway just going
back that charmaine one of the very
exciting aspects of the the Philippine
participation is the pavilion that
everybody is talking about can you tell
us about Banco ah yes well as you know
and it has been said again and again
through the PRS but we're always happy
to share bokura it's an ancient Filipino
word for quarterly and I feel personally
and this is really the vision of the
architect architect royal Pineda that it
represents the Filipino you know how
coral reefs are from a single polyp it
you know it spreads out and all over the
world so doesn't that speak of Filipinos
in general right we take over yes we're
all over and then somehow we're still
connected you have to travel through my
greenshot through technology like we're
doing it we're doing now it's a
brilliant idea so what do they expect to
find what can they expect to find when
they go inside makota
well well the exhibits inside is being
curated by Miss Marian roses so the idea
is
it it will be a platform for
conversation about cultural
sustainability so within the expo we are
at the sustainability district but
instead of you know of course you're
going to be talking about the
environment we're going to be talking
about climate change but you know I
think what would be the central theme to
it is really connectivity and how
culture is you know we are all connected
by culture and no matter whether you're
photo you're in or Filipino it is it
will be a platform for everyone can just
discuss about culture and is it
something that we should be preserving
or is it something that we should be
liberating so it's really a really good
platform it's it's really a great
undertaking and there's another
interesting aspect that we wanted to ask
you because you have the Philippine
National Day in relation to the expo and
you call it day one yes can you share
that with us because I think that is
another idea that we should be really
you know not only expressing but sharing
with fellow Filipinos out here actually
so everyone was requested for the
nationally all for all country
participants we specifically chose March
16 so this is the day supposedly when
Ferdinand Magellan arrived in the
Philippines and discovered us so by
comfortable yes
so through without through holding the
National Day on March 16 we want to be
liberated from that colonial you know
colonia perception that you know that we
have been a country just when the
Spanish came because that's simply not
true I mean history you would say that
we have been a celebration way way
before we're seafarers we were doing
trade with Arabs then Chinese name it so
exactly so it's it's a way for us to
have a code you know a mindset we set
and you know this pop of II everyone has
to look at the Philippines and ourselves
as Filipinos we should stop looking at
us being a civilization and starting our
history with the other Spanish in
Spanish time because it didn't start
then we had our own language even before
then this only anything you wanted to
say
I think let me just emphasize that again
because I love this story especially
with our you know with our values in
Illustrator muhabba by an Hindi poet
iodine is Cobre because we were already
a fully realized culture before anybody
came to our Islands
so this is just trying to change the
narrative everything that we have been
taught since we were kids we were not
just discovered we were already made as
a civilization and now is the time to
share that story and you know Albie
earlier much bigger bigger platform
earlier you were saying that you know
you were asking about how ordinary
people can participate I think all of us
has you know all of us have to take it
upon ourselves to shout as much as we
can on this Philippine milestone about
you know not only about the expo but
about our new narrative as a plane share
point out then you know let's share the
story every time we can and you know
really participate and be part of this
entire movement right Charmaine yes
definitely do you have any other things
that you want to share with our viewers
right now well of course that's it I
mean we will be releasing in very very
soon we will have a groundbreaking of
PvP at the Expo site and that's
happening in the 2nd of December and
there's going to be a lot of activities
around that and we want everyone to be
excited and really participate in it
because we're really preparing hard for
it we want everyone to enjoy and at the
same time be really part of it because
the Expo is for you but also by you so
without your support none of this will
be possible very definitely it's a once
in a lifetime you know chance guys
please to participate and again I you
know repeating the information that we
said earlier if you're a business owner
operating out here and you want to
participate in bidding for the projects
that are connected with the Expo 2020
please to check out the website of the
DTI it's www.va.gov dot pH and you know
please do bid and be part of this grand
thing for the filipinos thank you very
much for joining
and any questions guys just drop it in
and we'll share it with Charmaine in her
office and hopefully we can answer them
for you and right now we pause again to
go back to travel you go back to
childhood yeah thank you thank you very
much
[Music]
you
okay we're back we're back and now we
let's have some greetings yeah yes you
would legacy hi and thank you say thank
you for for everyone a few horror Watts
saying saying hey the Johnson billion
rockstar John yes
deafening Johnny my hair sorry for my
hair always
Geneva's is also arching Leonor Flores
el designer designer baccardo mojado
I was gonna say avocado oh my god el
designer baccardo sorry el designing
cyrene bin bin um mom's get going soon
as is watching from Melbourne Australia
from Melbourne Harry milk never do data
scientist is watching when I was at Lau
and and Bobby kar mama dragon Bobby
Corelli from the Philippine business
council our Chairman thanks for watching
us Bobby will be announcing the PBC
activities in a while yeah and then
going back to our travel tips from you
know Pinoy so actually live there thank
you very much too girly else worth of
Los Angeles California LA she said if
you feel like having an easy day take
the 6-hour la tour glamorous
neighborhoods iconic landmarks eatery
shops skyscrapers and famous homes of
the stars are among the many attractions
seen on these tours then we have Ryan
our below who lives in Paris right Ryan
our bill oh yeah Ryan our Billa is one
of those rare talents who have exhibited
you know he had a one-man show in in one
Paris Museum oh wow he's really very
talented thank you for sharing your
insider tips you know in Paris and he
said that since Paris is the center of
all arts really you cannot go to Paris
and not visit the museum so that's his
number one tip there of course we have
the fabulous Gilbert Reed from Dublin
Ireland right Gilbert says that you know
the the Irish are one of the most fun
people that he has met and he said that
the real way to get to know Ireland is
to go to a pub and have minds because
you can talk to the
and everybody's so friendly and all that
so if you're visiting Dublin Ireland do
hit Gilbert Reid we're gonna be sharing
their you know Facebook pages later on
as well thank you very much Gilbert and
then we have wow this was interesting a
p9 who lives in Iceland right we have
I'm going to Iceland now we have Marvy
Hill a blossom okay how we pronounce the
capital okay challenging okay please
pretty now is that word it's like a
dothraki word it's a range of it it's
reykjavik Yankovic close enough yes so
we have you know one of our contributors
Marva Hill hablas awill lives in Iceland
and Marva says that Iceland the the
weather is so deceptive so always
prepare because even if it's summer
season you never really know so always
be prepared and one of the interesting
tips that she has mentioned in you know
in in the story is that do not go for a
self-driving tour during the winter
because in Iceland cars can actually get
blown off the road by the strong winds
so do not drive by yourself if you're
going to Iceland in the winter you know
you can do this during the summer but
not in the winter I don't know if this
is true but I had somewhere that I guess
line is actually greener than Greenland
no it's true I don't know no but they
don't funny sound that should have been
accompanied by a funny I will link it in
the comment section you guys um just to
prove that like I said another trivia
for you are we that there are in fact
Filipino owned establishments in Iceland
which I found so amusing right once we
share the you know the what they call
this the link with you guys you can read
through all this but every destination
we have asked our Filipino friends out
there to tell us if there are Filipino
communities if there are shops just in
case you miss home and you want to eat
rice and you know sinigang or whatever
so sinigang and iceland exactly there
are shops in iceland actually that cater
to the filipino community and then of
course
we have the fabulous miss Agnes Pedrosa
Marilee who goes home to Sweden every
summer and her place is a by a lake
about 20 minutes from Stockholm and
she's got so many nice pieces of advice
you know in in you know when you travel
to Sweden and she says we still go back
every summer to our red wooden house in
a lakeside forest about 20 minutes away
from Stockholm City our village is
situated near in nature research so
summer is spent hiking around the forest
picking berries and mushrooms and
swimming in the lake how idyllic is that
like how nice I love that berries and
mushrooms everywhere hey Agnes if you're
watching us right now thank you very
much for participating and yes yeah so
that's our travel tips from our
filipinos who live in these favorite you
know favourite cities around the world
now we go back to business
yeah yes Alvie so now we're going to be
talking about the Filipino founded
businesses here in the UAE and beyond so
to start things just to mention al we
you know back in 2006 I remember there
was just you know statistic released by
the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and they
counted 75 Philippine businesses that
were registered with the Chamber of
Commerce at that time but you know after
so many years there are hundreds and
hundreds of Filipino businesses that are
registered right now and you know from
the typical moment shop you know like
restaurant catering to the small
Filipino community now we have
businesses in all different sectors so
we're very proud of that and you know
we're egging you guys on support each
other you know we're here to support
each other just like the almost
impossible agency you which was founded
by Joseph Francis me hug okay right so
they're they're the agency that makes
the impossible possible of course that's
why they're called almost impossible so
they have developed digital campaigns
branding projects websites apps
activations and they're using artificial
intelligence so you check them out yeah
of course there is ill Estrada how can
we forget not to put I mean we cannot
forget to put ourselves there most
people do not know that we also do
advertising and marketing for various
clients and we call
we do all these activities under the
name creo and you know we have done so
many projects for both multinational
regional companies as well as SMEs and
you know our creative director who is
never going to be in front of you
because he's very shy Mon Benitez he
says that bringing ideas to life through
traditional manual work is a laborious
and time-consuming task technology has
and has the way we present in so many
ways for a short span of time
and he says to remain competitive be
creative in one thing but if you can't
execute in the best and most efficient
way possible it will be a letdown so
it's not just about creativity guys it's
also about being able to execute
properly and you have eight creatives
I'm father Barry Allen riddle yes dog
boy dog boy it's a artists design their
everything amazing yeah um their work
has been commissioned by Nike by Yahoo
Kasbah and like so much more and you
know they won the 2018 indigo design
awards and Tokyo they received a silver
medal there for their typography and you
know one of the reasons why we're
sharing this with you is not only not
only to inform you that there are
Filipino companies out there but to brag
about it we're so proud of these
companies and please do support these
companies so you know like I always say
support each other of course we have a
jungle beige you have a jungle B it's
funded by BJ de Guzman Michael Taylor
and Khalid bin hehad her mother and
jungle beige is a creative agency and
consultancy for lifestyle industries and
cultures so they actually specialize in
the cool branch right and they've worked
for so many brands like international
brands like Levi's
this isn't blue and amongst few my Yocum
and cartel coffee so they've got so much
creative work we're gonna be sharing all
that information and then we go to
company services we have prime group UAE
which is led by of course mary-jane of
their al-mahdi
it's a very dynamic company out there
and
have been founded in 2016 actually this
grew from Jo Sciences laboratory so from
being a construction laboratory they've
you know expanded into so many
categories and you know they focus on
certification and you know all the
Philippine businesses that have to
secure halal certification for example
have to go through Prime so want to
check out and then another business that
is included in the companies services we
have Li Middle East founded by ad vitur
yeah so this is a business consultancy
which helps you with your license and
registration and you are basically
setting up the business if yeah and then
of course we have the gas management
consultancy which is founded by
Christina Callaghan who was part of the
Illustrator 100 and the company has been
founded in 2011 and they specialize in
management consultancy in providing
Human Resources general business
management among others another company
to check out of course we have the
Filipino Institute Gabriel general mondo
has done so much work in you know in the
community for the last couple of years
and they've started in a you know very
humble setup and now you know five years
on they have changed so many lives out
there you know they have allowed so many
Filipinos to upgrade their skills and
from languages practical practical
courses exactly or you know you're gonna
sobbing - so Filipino community Hmong
upon Kabul high and so if you want to
change your career in the future and you
know they have already equipped over
80,000 Filipinos with skills that's an S
that's a staggering an amazing number
18,000 Filipinos yeah and 15 branches
across UAE Qatar and Bahrain more power
to you and your team Gabrielle Chen
Raimondo of course we have del Assad
Montessori which is founded by religious
Jew that's my mom that's actually the
family nursery this is a nursery which
has been there for the last 22 years and
they actually have about 3,000 graduates
which have moved on and they have taught
in their schools right now the La Salle
Montessori is also helping home
schooled kids so there's a lot of this
trend right now that kids are opting to
be homeschooled by their parents and
sometimes they need space to interact
with other people they're providing for
that service also right now of course we
have philippine business school with a
founder linden Maxine oh and Philippine
business school it's very
self-explanatory so if you're out there
and you're trying to you know improve
your career prospects you want to go
into entrepreneurial courses and you
know other courses do check out the
Philippine business school and we also
have the Phillip Britt training center
co-founded by my up Galang Evans so it
provides over 300 training courses that
cover a wide scope of talent skills and
certifications right and then we have
high up Institute's still on education
and training high up Institute is a
subsidiary of the Mohammed Ben Rusch and
establishment for SME development and
they do occupational safety training
advanced medical training and
professional management the founder is
Lorraine Alfonso so so many different
categories if you're needing services do
check out your Filipino companies first
right and then we have I'm still
learning but in the sport side founded
by Alex Kyle Wang Alex Callaway with a
question mark Alex going
we love Alex glowing Alex Kilauea is a
very well-known photographer we're gonna
be talking about this photography or
later on but he's also a former high
school and college basketball coach in
the Philippines which she brought here
his passion about like teaching kids and
how to learn basketball and develop
discipline and become better people I
think that's the most important thing
out for me there you know it's not just
about basketball but about disciplining
the kids and helping them to grow up
into better people and then of course
one of our you know supporters
throughout the year CMG cargo which is
founded by Michelle ginto and you know
they're a cargo company but they have
this innovation of using the drums if
you've seen those pictures of the drums
with Chokey in it
choke is like CMG's mascot I always
coach ok like that your personality in
SEM G is so fun
so they
got this innovation you can use drums
instead of traditional boxes you know
for sending stuff back home of course we
have Papa movers founded by Ana Mari el
papa and they're a moving company so if
you're transferring to another house or
you need other services like storage and
commercial cleaning so they do that for
you guys so do check out Papa movers
meeting bands and leisurewear album
meeting guys and be sure where is
founded by Regina Martin Murata founded
in 2005 so it's a one-stop-shop for
durable and high quality clothes and
shoes and accessories that caters
exclusively to the so if you're looking
for ballet where if you're looking for
dance shoes by then but the free Zumba
for the first sumba you know you have
these jazz shoes which are specialized
you can find it in meeting dance and
leisure wear and I think they have an
online portal also where you can order
the stuff right and then we have Vantage
International all the way from Oman I
would founder Maria Josephine Penang
sagen Abena who's one of the most active
entrepreneurs out there they distribute
you know affordable Philippine brand
goods in the Sultanate of Oman so hi
Josephine if you're listening right now
of course our favorite interpreter girls
sorry entrepreneur girls found that in
2016 by oh yeah
Hernandez good to discover hiding just
if Akkar so they're supplying and
they're distributing these organic
various organic rice is from the
Philippines from mindanao farmers that
they actually work with so it's not just
about supplying the rice as well as
Morocco but it's also helping out the
farmers back home so you guys are doing
a great job if you guys have a craving
for black rice or red rice or whatever
or barak coffee please to check out on
em prep annoy Episode II or enter Pinoy
code calm and then we have in Abu Dhabi
la carne which is a premium meat
supplier and shop out there in Abu Dhabi
actually this is a very good
business that is founded by Joby Tanya
so if you're a meat lover and you're
into all those special cuts you know la
carne is the place to go to and they've
been growing from strength to strength
and not only do they supply you know
regular customers but they're also
supplying hotels and golf clubs and all
these other establishments back there in
Abu Dhabi and another business that he
founded is Phil food innovation which
supports the extensive sorry the
Filipino food and beverage industry by
pushing it to the multi-cultural
audiences in the yeah so they'll accept
jovi is not busy enough they launched
phil food this year and in 2019 and what
they're trying to do is to up the
standard it's for all philippine food
and beverage outlets so they're helping
out you know companies so that they can
up their standards and then they can
also get non Filipinos to try filipino
food a very good undertaking of course
ounce which is founded by alberto opana
since 2013 and steadily made a name for
itself within the UAE through its
expertise with an event and facilities
management consultancy and catering for
numerous events of course we know
alberto Opena for really promoting
filipino drinks you know he calls it a
guy Ortega cocktails he's the one who
brought this idea here in the UAE so
kudos to Alberto Pina
off-the-hook restaurant off the hook
restaurant since since they've opened in
Abu Dhabi to date they have I think four
branches and fifth one is coming our way
so the concept is very coming and
seafood super super amazing flavors you
have to try this out guys have to try
that out and I wanted just just to share
to all entrepreneurs out there what
really broke all is the founder shared
he said la hot tired up at a movie Nang
marrow and so they're promoting the idea
of financial literacy to Filipino so you
know do your business but make sure when
you go back home that you're able to
really support yourself properly right
yes sir oh my god like you guys are
making me hungry
I love our restaurant 24/7 founded in
2014 by one of our supporters hi oh well
if you're listening right now of course
we have ask Anita which is founded by
Aldo Aguilar which is very well known
for street style you have to try there
associate its associ Singh well ok great
and then for all you chocolate lovers
out there there's a Filipino company for
you it's called coca-cola you can check
out their website at coca-cola calm and
it's founded by Lu Chi and Iman so Japan
now the subject ancestors have brought a
different type of health-conscious
chocolate style out here in the US and
they're also helping farmers back home
with their project OFW pessimistic ah so
you know not only bringing out great
products out there but also helping the
community back home of course we go to
beauty and personal care and we have the
coolest barber shop on the block yes and
I need a haircut
busca barbers founded in 2018 by Roy
Cruz a big addict who's as in Syria and
maloo Gallardo if you want to see a cool
barber shop looking you just can hang
out with and drink a nice coffee yet go
and check out Brusco barbers and JLT or
if you're going to a meeting or in suwon
to get a cut or a grooming just go there
if your hair washed right and since
we're talking about hair strawberry hair
and nail salon out there in Kurama it's
founded by deafening Giller and Rima and
cabal yes they're very brave into doing
new styles of hair so if you if you're a
little bit brave you want a change of
your image go do check out strawberry
hair and nails and then we have
indulgence beauty salon founded and 2013
by Emmeline embossing L right and you
know for for indulgence beauty salons
team they say that customer satisfaction
is at its core they provide affordable
services but they will never scrimp on
quality and then on the e-commerce side
we have modern Beauty LLC modern Beauty
Australia dot-com founded by my my
Duncan and they became
they began as a startup in 2018 with a
goal of presenting a new twist in the
industry by providing vegan paraben and
cruelty-free products so that's very
novel it's a very sustainable business
model and you know a lot of people are
now looking for products that are
sustainable like that so do check out
modern Beauty Australia com founded by
my my Duncan and another one is Bob its
barber shop in Oman yes yeah it's
founded in 1989 by Barack Obama if
you're watching right now more power to
you there in Oman of course one of our
you know very strong supporters and one
of our favorite companies out there is
mpq tourism that's founded by Malou
ginto prado and they've been in the
market since 2013 I think they're the
most prominent Filipino travel company
you know for for for Tours and Travels
and I think visa processing and all that
and the great thing about mpq is that
they're not only growing they have
branches across the UAE they have also
set up shop in Las Vegas this year right
and maloo is saying that their vision
and their you know their aspirations are
global so guys let's support mpq travels
and tourism and then of course we have
angel wings international founded in
2018 by Elaine vilya now Melanie Val
Yana it's a prime travel and event
prime Travel events in lifestyle
Management Agency that places customer
satisfaction at its core vacating to its
international mind all of you
unparalleled service and then we have
time travel tourism founded in 2015 by
Jocelyn del Monte Reyes and you know she
said
carpe diem is their tagline and they're
trying to provide a multitude of clients
tailor-made packages to suit a variety
of needs now speaking about tailor-made
there's this one company called
Kingfisher tours founded by a Richie
Ernie but oh and this is how
you know Taylor made it is their
catering to the market of fishing
enthusiasts so if you want a chartering
company to help you on a fishing tour
this is the company to check out
Kingfisher Dubai calm Oh 40 events your
40 events by calorie Clank oh yeah so
they kept like the these specialize in
creating an evening event that
specialized event yes yeah including
destination weddings and the novel thing
about what they're doing is that they're
also coupling it with their styling you
know styling services so it's not only
about managing your event if you need
some help in managing your wardrobe also
for that event Kelly and his team will
take care of that and then we have
digital creations an event management
and PR agency founded my by Michael de
Costa and they've already created and
managed small to large scale events for
clients like fashion-forward novotel
lush and heiress group and they're also
providing affordably priced projects
like PR endorsement sponsorship product
placements marketing and promotional
strategy so do check out digital
creations House of Zen favorite
companies and favorite companies funded
by one of her favorite photographers or
soldiers and Antonio House of Zen is a
Nash and creative boutique event
management company that specializes in
creating beautiful personalized
experiences through bespoke flower that
creation so if you visited a lot of
these fancy hotels around the by and you
know some of the very fabulous fashion
houses in in the UAE Rosen and his team
were the ones who have created those
arrangements specially the Armani you
know it's it's worth to mention if
you've gone to the Armani you've seen a
beautiful flower arrangement most
probably that is Rosen and his team who
have placed that there so house of sin
keep on doing good things guys and then
we move to fashion fashion and modeling
agency founded in 2017 by glitzy Robles
glitzy Robles and they're known for
supplying international models for
top-notch campaigns here in the region
and you know
what else can we say they've worked with
names like Louis Vuitton Aldo Oona's BOM
Bahia magazine of course Illustrated
magazine amato Couture among so many
others then we have animals
so if niche models is bringing in
international models Ana models on the
other hand her strategy is to discover
new talent and you know her strength is
in the ethnic mix of the models that you
know she provides for four campaigns
here in the country and then Alameda
production find it in 2016 by Oliveira
and that's the hard working I know and
yeah you see them everywhere they don't
need much introduction they've done so
many projects out there they have said
that they've worked for 500 satisfied
clients and they've done all the biggest
events including Gitex among a few you
know if you've seen the broadcast of the
bayanihan independence celebrations that
was them you know so they're able to
handle all these huge projects and you
know these guys are always supporting I
so thank you very much alpha media well
one of the veterans in the sector of
photography is Mila Torres who has been
you know conducting his business since
2004 actually if I remember correctly
Mila was one of the first Filipinos at
the Dubai media city and you know with
over 15 years of professional media
experience he has been providing
photography company profile design
development multimedia website design
and video coverage services to a lot of
people out there right and then we have
sound box crime founded in 2017 by
Christina band it's a multidisciplinary
one-stop media production agency that
with expertise in delivering
professional quality creative content
very young team into fashion and like
lifestyle photography production and
video yeah of course we have the memory
studio they consider themselves as
storytellers founded by Mellon and Irish
Paris they've done a lot of projects for
the likes of Middle East film and
comic-con the Dubai mussels show and
have collaborated with
keya al-islamiyya raven adventure Cisco
and more now we moved to dar to the
photographer's face
Alex Calloway in photography he does
fashion editorial and commercial
photography arabia Harper's Bazaar all
these names of course we have Jeff nod
cube three by Jeff Arnold another one of
our favorite photographers he's worked
for Michael Cinco the debye Tourism
Board amar st. Regis apparel group helix
Paris so many more names yes and then
another brilliant photographer us and
Antonio he's worked with a lot of
designers as well like Michael Cinco
Amato
Ezra Santos grandpa shoulders Gary
Monroe Pharaohs and he does commercial
stuff in fact a lot of the Filipinos
here they dominate in the fashion
industry so you cannot you cannot swing
around without hitting a Philippine
exactly if this were a virtual room and
then you have so then we have sold top
studio founded in 2016 by haiku disaster
so it's a photography and videography
service they've worked with Burberry
evoke Arabia Dolce and Gabbana adidas
and more yeah another another veteran is
Chris Colombian and he does photography
projects for so many clients including
McDonald's MasterCard OD magazine Enoch
Toninho Lamborghini and so much more and
on another on the other side of the
spectrum we have celebrate uniforms
which is owned by managing partner Eden
Borja they were established in 1988 they
used to do gift items and now they
branched into the business of uniforms
and they are supplying a very
prestigious schools including capital
school in Evelyn Heights world private
school with uniformed production mm-hmm
and then we have a Sun premium premium
hotel supplies they design and
manufacture leather wear and accessories
for hotel using high quality wood dress
and steel and acrylic and other in
business materials as well and they've
won a couple of awards in 2015 and 2017
at the Middle East Hotel awards and then
finally we have
we have goth law founded in 2010 by a
tiny bar in the Amazon they don't need
much of an introduction
Barney Eleazar and his team at golf law
they do they provide a whole range of
legal services you know not only to
companies but individuals and they've
also been handling the portfolio's of
some high net worth individuals in
Southeast Asia and they've led a you
know acquisition of a 125 million
acquisition of of a UAE company by a
Filipino groom you know it's not every
day that we can say that but that's a
big deal so there you go guys Wow just
like that now you're hungry oh so we had
to zip through but we're gonna be
sharing all that information for you
guys check out these companies get
inspired find out who the people are
behind these companies and do support
them and before we go to our video for
our next travel destinations al we we
would like to say hi to everyone who is
watching VMC Kappa Kappa 20 saw when
they saw a saline alloy is watching
Devine machines in high media crystal
pool a Liam Alexandra J McFly is
watching David had Maria Eliza be hug
miss Occidental hilarion Oliver Mike
Chiapas yup no makeup artist yeah makeup
artist and Erica is we know this mundo
is watching Michel Guinot from CMG hey
BAE cell so all the way from Doha
Marlene Murphy hi Marlene and then we
have roses our palazzo versace thank you
very much guys for joining us and now
from business we're going to travel do
check out these cities and the travel
tips from the people who live in these
favorite cities
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
well we were you able to catch your
breath
but we do appreciate you guys
participating and if there are companies
out there if you own a company in the
UAE or the GCC that we have not you know
mentioned in this issue please get in
touch with us and you know get to know
us and you know we hope to feature you
soon let's talk about our travel
destinations Albion public transport so
basically bus and gem buy a smart card
from supermarkets and our kiosks yeah
this one in the airport so during summer
who are using rental bikes and scooters
the risk at the city center yeah
download the apps mobile use that is a
bike and city B which is a scooter and
both all scooter yeah and their payment
videos and yeah you're good to go
there's so much things and thank you too
Ruby Babita in-orbit Asha filly in in
Georgia she shares her tips for
traveling to Tbilisi which Filipinos
love so much because it's just nearby
and three hours it's three hours away
and it doesn't cost much so if you're
having you know want a quick holiday
just hop on over to Tbilisi and of
course ruby has a lot of good things to
say about visiting the country and she
says there are a lot of times you can
visit any time of the year but of course
Filipinos love traveling there in the
winter because it's our chance to play
in the snow
yeah you have not seen snow in your life
Cassie you should have gone with us to
Tbilisi before right okay and then the
next destination in your you know in the
magazine is Sydney Australia right and
thank you very much to Joe more guys oh
and you know he's talking about how
Sydney is so accommodating to all
foreigners you know all people from all
walks of life and the only thing that
you have to remember is that shop
are closing early so you might be
disappointed if you're looking for shops
that are open late like they are in Asia
so make sure that you know you do that
and you take note of that when you
travel to Sydney our friend in Melbourne
Jun Tokyo he also you know shared with
us some tips we want to read that yeah
I'm reading the tip from gentes he says
the Melbourne may not boast the grandest
landmarks compared to Sydney we have the
famous Flinders Street railway station a
building that is more than a century old
right in the height of the city
this part has become one of the most
iconic landmarks and Melbourne gudiya
it's really nice and of course we have
our friend boy Adam watt who has shared
with us insider tips for his city in
Australia in Brisbane and one of the
reminders that boy it was sharing with
us is that Australia is a left hand am i
right it's a it's a left hand driving of
country so if you're not familiar with
driving just take an uber right yeah if
you're not familiar with left hand
driving in there rules for left hand
driving don't do it it answers all the
difficulties you know take care of all
that guys we're gonna be sharing all
this with you later on we're gonna be
sharing the link to our magazine yeah
let's show them the cover Albie so we're
gonna be sharing that link later on you
can read all these articles and if you
want to order you can also order the
magazine via our website so you're gonna
be able to read all these things we're
also running another article that is
called the top ten Airbnb Asian book for
your next trip sometimes Airbnb is the
destination in itself you know you know
like you get to meet the owner to show
you them yeah yeah or how the locals
live and if you're like me I like to
stay at home because come at four home
of the time that's me yeah on door
announcements on tour announcement now
we just wanted to remind you if you're a
business owner guys the best thing that
you can do is to join the Philippine
Business Council of Dubai and the
northern Emirates there are so many
activities happening in the next
of months starting with Adobe's this
August please go to the Philippine
Business Council of Dubai and Northern
Emirates Facebook page you will see all
the dates you know Adobe's you get to
learn there is a workshop which is
sponsored by the Dubai Chamber of
Commerce and tourism and they're
teaching consumer friendly practices so
if you're a business owner this is a
free workshop come and join and you will
benefit from all these things we also
have interface happening in November
this is the gathering of all the top
business leaders and you know the
diplomatic corps that are related with a
Filipino business community that is
happening in November next year is going
to be under laughs another landmark
event for the Philippine Business
Council we will be having in February
Arta Filipinas which is in collaboration
with art Dubai this is going to be the
biggest art event that the Filipino
community has ever undertaken a lot of
things happening to you guys better
watch out and keep you posted and please
do join yeah please to join the
Philippine Business Council and not to
forget from ill Estrada itself please
guys we are starting to prepare for our
September big Fashion Issue right so if
you know of any designers who have
elevated Filipino ingenuity out there
please let us know all right just slide
in toward the end slide into our DM send
us your portfolio or whatever of course
we're gonna be featuring the 100 hottest
Filipino designers not only from the UAE
but from across the globe so if you know
if somebody if you have a friend if you
are one of them mm-hmm just come forward
come forward come through right and for
you guys who own businesses do not
forget make your presence known please
talk to us we would be more than happy
to feature you in the future and that's
it that's it thank you so much for
joining us today business and travel
thank you so much Radisson Blu Hotel by
the Greek always yeah
hosting us and thank you to the
Philippine trade office DTI our amazing
representative mom Amelia raising the
show and that was illustrated
go live thank you guys thank you again
bye
[Music]
