this stay here and be cold is turning
out to be one of the greatest adventures
that we've had in the Philippines so far
Oh sweetheart why don't we live here can
move down the house here so we got a
delicious meal here perfectly growth
fish shrimp lying and rice
[Music]
[Music]
but [ __ ] nice to keep around I feel like
we're together
oh it's almond a this town it should
still make me so proud we were building
up a future now it's airing of our
ground good morning guys and welcome to
a beautiful day in bit cold
it is early it is 6 o'clock in the
morning and we have gotten up early
because we are going to experience an
incredibly fun day today here in Bicol
and only view see that boat over there
essentially we're gonna take that boat
out today and we're gonna explore the
area by boat we're gonna be doing so
many things I can't even remember how
many things are gonna be doing because
I'm so tired but I know it's gonna be
amazing it's gonna be a lot of things so
that's gonna be an exciting day I just
want to get a nice shot of George
against the Sun and slow more cuz looks
pretty epic here do that are you guys
excited to put there
the juicy blog raw and unedited so I
didn't mention it in the vlog yesterday
I just bought the title and shortly but
actually we're here at Palm Restaurant
and as the club Madison resorts which is
owned by the same family really lovely
place they reached out to us a few
months ago even actually one of our
viewers Abbie's reached out to us he
says she knows the people here they're
lucky people to have a great result and
she'd love it if we could come down here
and experience because in a nice place
like this so we came here we have some
local coffee why yours laughing as my
vlogging like laughing you guys are
laughing I can't hear you laughing
through the camera but we have a local
beam that they're trying to promote here
very nice coffee for breakfast we're
gonna have taxi luck today
one of my Filipino breakfast favorites
very excited for that and I think a lot
of
[Music]
good morning guys
so we're sleepy but these people were
already able to put a smile on my face
with my favorite that's your favorite
okay looks a little then we also have
nice beef tapa guys you ready
[Music]
[Music]
so we have just arrived at our first
stop on this adventure day which is the
watermelon farm we're actually gonna get
to pick our own watermelons and after
that we're going to jump on the boat and
explore some pretty awesome destinations
here in the area so excited Nellie you
need to explain to us the intricacies of
watermelons how to find out which
watermelon is the good one it's more
like a spirit teach us your ways wise
watermelon woman see the watermelons are
all over here it's incredible
tiny watermelons big watermelons over
watermelons all the watermelons
but how can you tell if it's a yellow
one or red one because the one the
yellow one is a little bit longer and
the red one is
then we're going to hack it it's yelling
oh that's beautiful and then you taste
it okay we're doing the taste test
first impression really good Wow
so sweet you're really making it juicy
refreshing started Wow this watermelon
literally was just picked seconds ago
so good it's like you guards when you
wake up tomorrow morning you're gonna
see me out here I'm just me laying naked
why wouldn't it be naked did you get
further down to the it gets a little bit
sour a little bit I think it's good
[Music]
so guys these are the mother and the
father of the watermelons 15 kilograms
Jorge how do you like them melons or a
good melons yeah good Melo I love me
some nice melons juicy juicy melon Oh
melons are so awesome I don't need a
knife so this is how I imagined the
perfect start into the day we have the
amazing ocean breeze and some refreshing
watermelon for breakfast yeah that's
something that that you know love to
forget that is the ocean right there
it's a refreshing guys you got to get
onto this Walter melon over here in the
world my turn to taste this delicious
watermelon Oh
Oh even sweeter I just amazing why do we
live where we live
why don't we live here can we build a
house here amazing so not only does the
Philippines have the best mangos they
also have the best watermelons and I
think we're gonna try pineapple as well
this is freaking amazing
so guys out here on the field we've got
some amazing Instagram pictures
especially for Nellie's account I showed
a picture of melon head over to Nellie's
life underline underline you're gonna
Fosters tomorrow yeah
check it out this also hilarious
Instagram story on her accounts on
Lily's life underline underline go
follow her check it out but you guys
keep following me my Instagram account
is making it happen vlog her Instagram
account is Nellie's life underline
underline but everybody seems to follow
me I know and I know I'm the more
popular one of us but you guys gotta
follow you got to show her some love on
Instagram she puts a lot of work into
the Instagram stories and I was like oh
look Boop post and she was like tons of
work and so lot of text a lot of
explanation
I love it I'm the least popular of all
the least amount of followers on
Instagram that's okay all right so show
everybody some love guys follow Lucy so
so this first video is going live
tomorrow at 7 p.m.
what are we gonna do if each of us gets
a thousand followers on Instagram
between 7:00 p.m. right now and 7:00
p.m. the next day do you want us today
yeah make it make a watermelon in the
field naked watermelon perfect all right
I think so I always ask this but can I
Drive back every time we come across a
new vehicle like the golf buggy the
other day Mike asks if he can drive
everyone says no no one trusts them this
guy this legend it's letting Mike Drive
this huge off-road beast I think we're
in for a little bumpy ride so this hill
maybe 50 km/h finally some bees letting
me drive you know go all right get your
seatbelts on let's go
Oh released parking brake it's a fun
when you go up you just don't see where
the cars going on so we can go the other
way you can go reverse race oh look at
that that's great there's a drone flying
over ya constantly this is nice and
branded drone oh it's just the cautious
okay I don't know why guys but whenever
I'm in the Philippines I feel the sense
of unbothered freedom I can just kind of
roam and do whatever I want so it's such
a great place I don't know why not
everybody's travelling to the
Philippines right now it it's just the
greatest place ever
captain for the day nice to meet you
also named Mon Mon Mon has to be cheers
to McKinley captain this is about nice
so this is our comfortable speedboat for
today this is gonna be a lot of fun
[Music]
so we just arrived at the local Harbor
where we're gonna launch the boat into
the water this it's it smells very fishy
here not in a bad way it's just very
fresh fish and it's very prominent to
smell you can see here so here you can
really get the freshest fish and Young's
dad just told us that there's so much
fish in the waters here they they
literally have to dry a lot of the fish
to preserve it because there's no way to
store it so amazing amazing they have
white beaches pink peaches and black
beaches when we arrived yesterday I
wasn't quite sure what to expect because
we couldn't see anything we just saw
it's quite a busy town the vibe looked
amazing and then we woke up to this
ocean view and watermelon farm and now
we have by some mark it's such a great
vibe here and yeah I can't wait to take
some more because it seems like the non
touristy places are the better places
our boat is getting ready okay and it
seems like we are the only tourists here
people are very surprised that like who
are these people where I'm walking
around cameras and stops it must be very
weird for them for us it's very natural
but who the boat is being launched yeah
I know well let's check this out
[Music]
this is the fish that we're going to
have for lunch it's freshly grilled here
next to the market this is this is the
dream
so Yan was telling us that this is a
whisper hope so
they'll have buckets of fish and whoever
whispers the highest price to the
salesperson here wins the bed and
essentially gets the bucket of fish and
big oil you know
[Laughter]
[Music]
kick it :
[Music]
you make it hot so what I just can't let
[Music]
I
[Music]
I wanted the feelings closer
you got it the feelings closer we cannot
[Music]
yes sir
[Music]
good luck
but soon Louis will turn our slip back
stop
[Music]
so we just arrived on the stunning
island and this is just absolute this is
not this is not the new Boracay this is
much better than forest fire this is
amazing
Wow gosh I have never seen such clear
pristine water my whole freakin life
this is absolutely amazing
[Music]
what you came here yesterday and pour
turquoise paint into the water guys I
just really I don't know what to say
this is you know a friend of mine
recently asked the question on YouTube
is it still worth being a travel blog
well if I wouldn't be a travel blogger I
wouldn't have the privilege and the
honor to experience places like this
untouched from tourists it's just so
beautiful right only in the Philippines
only everything right how amazing insane
I can't believe this place is real what
you can say in this thing I don't think
I'm seeing water like this it's in
similar burn Oscar yeah
[Music]
break
[Music]
you got it
the feeling is closer I want it you got
it
the feeling is closer pardon the feeling
is closer
[Music]
all right it's lunchtime
we have this amazing fish here and the
shrimp over there this looks phenomenal
thank you for this great experience this
is amazing so we've got a delicious meal
here perfectly grilled fish shrimp lying
and rice the nice thing is we're not
here with a bunch of tourists so we can
do it Filipino style just eat with our
hands no cutlery needed so good oh that
fish phenomenal some laying with rice
Sagar mmm
Wow guys it is really hard to find the
right words to describe how amazing this
place is I mean it's literally just us
here on the speech it's so quiet you're
in solitude you can fly your drone and
peace you can do whatever you want to do
in your own time and in your own peace
this stay here and be coddled is turning
out to be one of the greatest adventures
that we've had in the Philippines so far
and if you have not been to be called
yet I definitely highly highly recommend
that you come to these places versus
there were two / touristic places like
Boracay and maybe Falcao and El Nido
Palawan I mean this place is stunning so
I'm sure many of you are gonna be asking
where in Bicol this place actually is
because because is a huge province so
the hotel is located in that it it's a
cute little town it's got plenty of
restaurants bars best hangout which
really when we were driving in and what
is the name of this island
caligo us this is the island Kellog
wasps they are actually three or four
islands around here right with many
beaches to explore I think you have to
get here as fast as possible
get on that Wow seriously do it Book It
Now link below
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
I think it can't be better than this
this is absolutely amazing
we've got some amazing shots this water
is insane I've never seen something like
this I want to come back here very soon
yeah amazing food oh what a day what a
day
yeah and we're still gonna have a
massage oh yeah now we're headed back to
have that massage and then we are having
three meals today Oh guys what happens
when other people are in charge of us
yeah so I just spoke to young the the
Holy Week is coming up April is the best
time to visit this place
they have availability at their hotel
will link everything down below you got
this in manila or nearby this is highly
recommended do a road trip down to
Manila stuff go up to volcano
go to bag of beans grab a great lunch
come all the way down here amazing
so I wanted to say we have pack up the
camera if they're leaving us on the
island
if we don't pack up and go now I'm gonna
do a hyperlapse on the boat on the way
back I hope it turns out nasty I've
never done it before but we'll see
[Music]
we are back on solid ground after a very
bumpy but fun boat ride from the island
so we're back again in diet oh is this
diet already nice we're back into it and
we got a about kilometer to walk back to
the hotel because the port is full busy
yeah yeah so it's just easier this way
for us to get back and I think one
kilometer is maybe like a 10 15 20
minute walk which is really nice what's
the area called Camarena's North so the
8 is located in Camarena's not there it
looks very pretty around here and I can
confirm it's just so beautiful when
you're coming in it almost feels like
chaga with the palm trees left and right
of the road and the mountainous roads
really really nice I think this is one
of my favorite places again in my top
five places that I have visited in the
Philippines one thing that you guys told
us is everybody was talking about people
Express but nobody told us but this is
actually the seafood heaven
so I did this whole thing already I have
to repeat this something's wrong with my
Sony camera oh they were again no
problem we're just heading over to Yuans
sports bar which is called - gang which
translates to brother right brother and
the dog said like us like us and then I
said they have amazing burgers and Jung
said we have to try the crack which is a
triple patty triple cheeseburger both
George and I were like so now we don't
have to look at the menu and we talked
to all about the beers and stuff and
we're local beer no had anything for us
and I think we're up to record this time
I hope it recorded your time
so guys we just got the mother of all
burgers the craftsmen and as you can see
I took a big bite out of it already and
it is absolutely delicious
so so good just buy in and it just fills
your mouth its juicy its cheesy
so she said tastes good the breads good
so just had a delicious crazy delicious
meal that burger was so how was your
burger and now we are pretty much ready
to just drop into bed and fall asleep
but we are still getting an amazing
massage and I think that is me to 100% I
think that's a perfect way to end this
day guys if you did enjoy this video be
sure to give it a thumbs up check out
the link in the description down below
with you'll find all the links to all
our socials we'll put some details of
the amazing accommodation that yon put
together here with his restaurants we'll
put some details in the description down
below if you did enjoy this video as I
said thumbs up if you new here subscribe
stay awesome be positive make it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
