today we want to share the top 5 things
that we learned from Filipinos
[Music]
[Music]
hey guys what's going on welcome to our
Friday here in my beloved Manila Makati
City today we're gonna have an
incredible day why because we're gonna
head out to the mall for some provisions
we're gonna start off the day with some
incredible incredible breakfast I made
us some lovely avocado toast on
sourdough which I baked myself yesterday
plus we have some grilled chicken right
over here oh my god autofocus what is
wrong with you lately checking it's not
really gross but you know who's who is
who's counting
but before we get into those I wanted to
talk about something very very important
or less rather said nearly wanted to
share something very important with you
guys and it is about internet security
so nellie take it away while we have our
breakfast okay guys before we head into
this video here's a little ad break with
your host today's video is sponsored by
Norman and no DNA is a as it says VPN
service but what does a VPN service do
don't skip this this is important if you
have a mom who is very concerned about
credit card details and everything on
the internet and she calls you every
time she order something on the web then
you should not skip this with a DP and
server you can protect your
communication you can protect your data
and it's just one click with your
browsing the Internet I'm going to give
you a few insights about mode VPN why
it's important it's just a few seconds
take the time it's super super important
to be the VPN server you have online
privacy
online security and you have certain
website access and I will give you a few
examples what you can use a VPN server
for so when we travel we make sure that
we have the VPN on because the prices
are lower because usually what the
internet does is it analyzes your
browsing history and according to your
browsing history it shows you the prices
that they think you are willing to pay
so if you travel make sure VPN is on and
you get the lower prices another thing
that we used a lot
during the contine is watching Netflix
series so there are certain streaming
services and not all series are
available in the Philippines
so sometimes we switch to the VPN and
have access to service from the US so
you just had to get my phone quickly so
when traveling I'm a pretty sure you
guys have been in that situation quite a
lot same as me you are at an airport or
you join a Wi-Fi at a coffee shop and
basically your data is available for
others so hackers can have access to
your phone and if you turn on the VPN
service your data is secure we travel to
China last year and I realized that we
didn't have access to Facebook we didn't
have access to Google but we had a VPN
and we switched to the VPN and had
access to everything so that was super
important for us because you guys know
we are youtubers obviously we need
access to Instagram as well and Facebook
and talking of the internet you know
that we had troubles when we were
stranded in sugar to have the internet
speed that we need to upload videos so I
feel like the internet providers slow
down not the speed didn't work that well
so once we switch to the VPN it
faster which is pretty cool so you can
trick the system and one more thing
because that's also a topic that happens
very very often viruses yes viruses
I have luckily met but I remember I used
to have a Windows computer and I had so
many viruses so so many every day they
save guys and use a VPN it's just a
small amount of money that will save you
a lot the good news is you can get 70%
off if you click the link in the
description down below its free donor 49
per month when you use all link plus you
will get an additional month for free
use the link in the description down
below and go on nordley pn comm slash
making it happen or use the coupon code
making it happen to redeem you discount
so that was it quick and easy um I hope
you enjoyed this little integration I
was happy to be your host for this
little brand integration thank you so
much not VPN for sponsoring today's
video and now back to our blog and guys
this is our new sourdough starter
lovingly named Daphne I started
cultivating the starter around two weeks
ago and I was very frustrated because I
couldn't get any rise on it whatsoever
for two whole weeks and then I fed it
one more time and from one hour to the
next it just bloomed up and it has this
lovely tangy sour smell to it now and
the solid offs are really turning out
nicely the first two one that this isn't
a very matured start I mean it's only
two weeks old just imagine in two months
how this is gonna taste anyway I fit
this one today already that's why it's a
little bit deep later
tomorrow morning I am going to make
crumpets and crumpets or something
really amazing if you don't know what it
is I'll show you tomorrow but to get to
today's video topic Nelly and I went on
our fifth consecutive morning runnin as
we always do during our runs we had a
nice little chat over the 35 minutes
that we were out and we actually
realized that we both have really really
changed a lot since I'd say the past 1 2
3 years and a lot of that change comes
from us living here in the Philippines
traveling through the Philippines and
then deciding to live here so today we
thought we'd both individually go
through the five top things the top five
ways that the Philippines and the
Filipinos have actually influenced
doesn't have changed us and like talked
about the five things that we've learned
from that and as I said we want to do it
individually and then afterwards compare
our opinions in line do we have
different opinions it's just going to be
interesting to see also for us so the
first thing for me and I'm not gonna say
my five points in order of magnitude I'm
just going to say them by the order as
it pops into my head and the first thing
that pops into my head is to have a
greater appreciation for small things in
life and that can be just enjoying a
small moment or a very big moment just
you know being content with small things
and not having to have these huge
gestures all the time or these huge big
I don't know investments all that kind
of stuff and especially the ability to
just be still and enjoy a moment by
yourself not just alone by yourself
without any stimulus from outside with
the internet or whatever and especially
not during a quarantine in chaga when we
didn't have internet connection we had
to just you know be still and enjoy a
moment where you're not stimulated by a
hundred thousand things and that's
something I see a lot in filipinos
especially if you go out into the
province oftentimes you see people just
enjoying the moment sitting being still
they might sit on the side of the road
or just enjoy the sunset or it's just
people chatting to each other on the
street there's just too much information
out there in this world today and you
can constantly be busy watching things
on the internet or reading things or you
know spending your time with news but
just being still in the moment is so
important and yeah that's the first
thing that just pops it about not the
most important thing but just the first
thing okay it's my turn
so one of the main things that I learned
from Filipinos since we moved here is to
spread positivity no matter what
happened to you or if you had a bad day
at work or whatever the main thing is to
spread positivity to share a smile and
even though we live in Manila which is a
very big and hectic city I barely see
anybody with a grumpy and frowny face so
no matter if you are stuck in traffic
and you are annoyed with I don't know
somebody who just cut you off you
basically just look either to out of the
window and you see somebody you just
like smiling at you like sorry dude
so yeah positivity is definitely one of
the main things that I learned and it's
just it feels so good when you step
outside of your home and you see smiling
faces and it's just a completely
different feel compared to let's say if
I compared to New York New York was very
stressful for me I couldn't stay in that
city for that long because everybody had
just so much tension and so much energy
that was kind of not good for me
and although Manila is I think much
bigger than New York I feel way more
relaxed because people here are very
positive and you can basically feel it
in your everyday conversations with
everybody so that's one of the things
that that keep me motivated to stay
positive and share a smile and always
look on the bright side
[Music]
we just came out to Glorieta mall
because we're going to guess to buy some
clothes actually we partnered up with
guest Philippines we'll tell you more in
a second
but before we get to the store I wanted
to talk about number two of the things
that I learned since living here in the
Philippines and for me it is to
celebrate who celebrates eating events
so I mean it's not just in the
Philippines that people just celebrate
food but I feel like Filipinos they
cherish it more the cherished meals
together they cherish these fiestas with
it where there's just tons and tons of
delicious food so that definitely for me
is number two spending time together
enjoying food and by the way guys this
was the second time we met one of you
guys today the first person we met was
John he was standing at the red light
next to us and we all got very excited
he was so enthusiastic it made us so
happy that really made my day
that was it number two many would you
like to elaborate more with guests ah
yes we are having a date night and we're
partnering up with guests and they're
going to give us new clothes which is so
cool
because our clothes like this dress
three years old and all of my clothes
are super old Mike is wearing the same
clothes for years so a new wardrobe
would be really great
we got a few items from guests last year
and literally every single piece that we
got from guests we still use it so I
really like the clothes so we're going
to head there now stock up on some
clothing supplies which really makes me
happy thanks guest Philippines for
hooking us up
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right thank you thank you guys we
are super excited for on your code we'll
see you next time
nice clothes again stranded in shock ow
it kinda was difficult to find like nice
clothes to go out on a date night for
you know like shirts and that kind of
stuff so yeah really good where to next
[Laughter]
thanks again guess team is awesome but
also got a few basics that are just a
little bit more understatement I think
it's hardware slow because I need some
things for yes and Ruston's yes okay my
reason number two is kindness and the
dedication to help each other out so no
matter if you're asking for you know
directions where to go or just in
general need some help with anything
everybody will make it their priority to
help you out and that's not something
that I see in many places around the
world because I mentioned it many times
on our videos and in our reaction videos
that nobody expects anything in return
and that's a beautiful thing because you
don't feel guilty about you know some
extra help and people are just happy to
help you out and that's one of the
things that I really love
we also adapted in our life world we
always had that mentality that karma is
everything in life so if you give you
will receive in this case kindness is
key hey guys we are finally back at home
and I think we made how many steps we
walked two hours and 15 minutes in the
mall burned a lot of calories 700
calories
800 calories counts as a workout so if
you watched yesterday's vlog you might
have seen that we slowly finishing our
annex kitchen and I transformed the
counter with a marble kind of thing with
a marble foil and Mike said why don't
you do that for the kitchen as well so I
might be doing the kitchen I might be
redoing the kitchen bought some paint to
paint the cupboards because they are
yellow ish which is not my thing
got a little set here so I guess I will
do probably a video on my channel little
kitchen makeover with Nellie
oh look who's using the MS lovely I like
it yeah it's not ready for foam yes we
need more lighting for that yeah for
cooking
I got summer tree the same so nice yeah
do like food prep and have those rising
by the way guys I just showed this on my
Instagram stories this kitchen cabinet
is mainly dedicated to flour yep we have
so much flour we could open up a bakery
it's flour and baking witchcraft
savathun gum
yeah which is amazing it's amazing like
this so much you can do with it if
you're doing like this a pan sauce of
you made a steak it's just such a good
it's a thickener hmm that adds no taste
to the food
it's just protein there's nothing
unhealthy and it it's a natural product
and if you're making a salad dressing a
little bit of xanthan gum shake it up
you get an emulsion
if you want a pan sauce a little bit of
it but some parts are you go crazy pan
sauce you want to make mayonnaise you
can make mayonnaise without burning risk
of the egg break
oh I'm sorry guys yesterday an Indian I
decided to chill out in the even
wouldn't decide to not blog just kind of
happened and we I was cooking I've made
some burgers and I baked some sourdough
bread if you follow me over an Instagram
making it happen blog you'll see what I
created in the kitchen yesterday if you
don't follow me yet I'm making it happen
like I don't know the right now and how
we hit 100k I'm only like ten thousand
away from Honda K nine thousand four
hundred so do it right now
head over give me follow up say hi it
should be p.m. yeah today we had another
great start to the day we went for a run
right after getting up and yesterday
actually I did another weight training
here at home with dumbbells which is
really good and I'm doing another
workout today it's really cool because
in the last five days I was able to lose
2.2 kilos almost which is really good on
track to reaching our fitness goals
which is really a nice feeling and yeah
let's jump into the third thing that I
learned from Filipinos in the past years
traveling around this beautiful country
which is the joy of sharing whenever we
travel somewhere anywhere in the
Philippines really people are was eager
to Shay experiences shape food shame
knowledge and it's just such a nice
mentality and I feel like we've adopted
that ourselves well we had the topic I
baked some fresh sourdough and I decided
to make a second law of poor Georgia you
see just to shade the joy of sourdough
with them we're going to be meeting them
this evening you'll see that in
tomorrow's vlog and yeah that's just Oh
talking of sourdough my timer just went
off I gotta take this out out out of the
oven so yeah that's reason number three
and then is here kitchen cooking some
healthy food for us
sorry for the mess but baking baking
causes a mess okay
next thing that we learn from Filipinos
is resilience so I think Mike and I
experienced earthquakes volcanic
eruptions typhoons and a pandemic and
the way the Philippines handles all
these situations is one-of-a-kind
because no matter how difficult the
situation seems in that moment and
everybody tries to make the best out of
it I remember a few instances where I
thought myself home and that's
interesting I should try to adapt that
so one thing was when I was in a crowd
at the synagogue festival and it got so
packed that I kind of started panicking
because there were too many people in on
a small space so I felt like I need idea
to leave somebody saw me and said don't
worry just breathe and we were trying to
move forward and it was really an
intense situation because I don't really
like it when it's tight I don't like
tight spaces so somebody saw me
panicking kind of and she looked at me
and smiled and said don't worry just
hold onto your your partner and take it
slow
and I started keep around me and
everybody was so cool and chill
basically doing the same thing that I
was like okay there's really no reason
to panic here people know what they're
doing so yeah I adapted and I felt so
much better instantly on another
instance was when the top volcano
erupted where people came together to
donate to the people living in that area
and I saw there are always these
pictures or videos that go viral and I
saw a bunch of people taking the relief
goods and it's basically closed and I
thought of you guys wearing like super
fancy dresses I don't know who donated
these fancy dresses but just the way
they made fun of it or like
we're joking around trying to put smiles
on other people's faces was so inspiring
for me to see and I really really admire
that keeping the spirit up although the
situation is a true worth basically
because these people lost their homes in
a split second and yeah everybody was
still trying to smile and then spread
good back so that's something that I
really admire another instance another
viral video I saw there was I think a
typhoon and somebody was doing the
Michael Jackson you know the earth sums
of simple super valuable thing to to
have that resilience to have the
assurance that things will look brighter
and right now we take it one step after
another and yeah that's something that
anybody should actually live by so don't
panic don't panic better times will come
and there's one catchphrase that I
learned here and that is this too shall
pass
which is very true and one more
essential thing that I learned since I
live in the Philippines is the
togetherness just in general to cherish
the moments together you don't have to
sit at home and be all by yourself the
Philippines is a country where people
come together they celebrate being
together exchanging laughter and just
spending time together and I realized a
lot of people just you know take a
selfie every time they meet up no matter
if they saw that person did it the day
before it's always when we go out with
friends here for dinner or the one thing
that they say okay picture so then they
take the picture as a memory and post it
on Facebook or wherever Instagram and
it's just so nice it's really nice to
have these moments to cherish them and
also to go through hard times
one thing that really
astonished me was the whole pandemic
situation where people came together
virtually to sing and they brought out
this song we heal as one and it's always
like this togetherness and like we
witness one we heal as one we smile as
one so that means that we put ourselves
into the shoes of others and we are in
it together and we'll get through this
no matter what and yeah Mike and I are
basically people who also love to
surround themselves with other people we
love to do things this this whole
togetherness spirit reached a whole new
level just by talking to strangers on
the street
it happened so many times that we travel
somewhere the province or on an island
with people just basically say oh oh I
entire company it's just like just
stranger that these people have never
seen us in the life before but it's it's
just like this togetherness that they
appreciate having people around and
that's something that I love okay guys
that was it for today we just wanted to
take a few dedicated minutes to just
share our thoughts that we had in the
morning during our morning run I
remember when Mike and I used to run in
Miami every day in the morning we would
talk I lost about what we think since it
was all year bursaries here in the
Philippines I just thought sharing our
thoughts after living here traveling
through it Philippines might be helpful
for somebody who wants to move you got a
lot of messages on Instagram though
especially from people who want to come
back home but also from foreigners who
want to try living in the Philippines so
I will try to put some videos together
put some info on my channel and then
it's like if you had subscribe yet
please do so let support me and yeah and
yeah I hope that people will not only
see the
beaches which is stunning stunning
beauty but also kind of get get to know
the culture a little bit more and get to
know why we want to live here forever
okay guys I'm sorry for the less than
great audio in that last sequence with
nearly accidentally plug the microphone
into the headphone jack instead of the
microphone jack so that's why you could
hear the vacuum cleaner so loud in the
background but yeah I hope you enjoyed
our little summary of things that we
learned and things that make us country
so special to us if you have some more
points that you would like to share in
the comments down below please feel free
to do so I really love going through the
comments especially in the morning when
I wake up and read through the comments
I'm very very motivated it makes me very
happy to to read from you guys so you
know do me a favor keep those comments
coming for now we're gonna end the blog
we're actually going to start another
blog in a few minutes because we're
heading to PDC to go for dinner with
George and Lucy at a very nice
restaurant which was really looking
forward to that and we're going to take
we're gonna take our nice clothes from
guests thank you guys again for taking
care of us and yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow same time same place to stay
awesome be positive and make it happen
[Laughter]
this videos 30 minutes longer in Elliott
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
