hey what's up you guys it is me Josh and
welcome back to my channel this past
weekend I was in Los Angeles California
and I finally had the opportunity of
trying Jollibee every other time I was
near Charlie B I had a lot of stuff
going on that day that it was like is
really hard to get to this day I had
nothing to do I was able to finally try
it and I recorded my experience trying
jelly bean and I just wanted to let you
guys know to keep an open mind this
video is not very good and by not very
good I just mean the audio is really
really bad filming inside Jollibee that
is a very popular location I guess in
California it's very popular over there
so it was super packed inside so I had
to film outside which was really really
shitty because there's so many cars like
it was right on a Main Street so you
hear a lot of cars there's a lot of
noise it's kind of hard to hear me but
if you pay attention you'll be able to
hear me just fine at least I think so
but I've now finally tried jollibee and
I wanted to record my reaction and if
one of you guys to kind of see my
reaction and experience with jollibee I
really loved it everyone that worked
there was so sweet and so nice so I just
want to give like a big shadow to that
Jollibee I don't know the exact location
but it was right near Koreatown in Los
Angeles California
so yeah shout out to jalebi it was so
amazing is so good so yeah here's that
video so like I said keep an open mind
it's not very good it's out of focus
it's super low audio quality there's
really nothing I can do about it I've
already tried it once I can't really try
it for the first time again but you know
there's definitely gonna be more joly
muke funds in the future yeah guys keep
an open mind watching this video I hope
you enjoy it in I love you guys okay
guys you will never guess who I am right
now I'm so freaking excited to finally
be trying
jollibee oh my god I'm at the location
here in Los Angeles California near
Koreatown I don't remember exactly which
one it was but I will like I'll edit it
in later but I'm so frickin excited to
try it
I've been trying the Tri Jollibee since
I reacted to their videos back in I
think February I'm just so excited this
chicken everything looks so good
I really hope they don't have a problem
with me filming inside but I'm so
excited to finally be able to try it so
this is gonna be my jelly bean boot
tasting experience I'm really excited
for you guys to see this because you
guys have been dying for me to try it
finally and I'm so excited to try it
I'm excited for the peach mango pie a
lot of people suggested this and I don't
just the chicken joy of course I don't
know what I'm gonna end up getting I
don't want to go too crazy on food even
though I want a literary by everything
I'm excited so let's go and let's go and
eat I don't know I don't know okay guys
it was so busy inside so I didn't want
to film in there and I didn't want to
like talk to the camera because it's
kind of a smaller store and I just I
felt very strange doing it and there
wasn't really a table open for me so I'm
currently literally sitting on the
ground right outside I got my food so
right over here I have my my jolly hot
dog I think I got the cheddar one if
that looks really good it kind of I
thought that looked like an egg I got my
peach mango pie we have the gravy that
goes with the the chicken dipping strip
things and then right over here I think
this is the spaghetti I don't remember
what I got exactly oh I hope it's not
too bright but we have let's take it out
of the bag and then we have the
spaghetti with the chicken the chicken
dippers I don't know if I should have
got like just like the regular fried
chicken and then again I got more
dessert I got the hollow hollow because
everyone says to eat this in this looks
amazing
this looks so freaking good guys I'm so
excited to try everything what should I
take into first I'm gonna dig into the
hotdog first okay it's filming I
literally have my camera propped up on
top of my suitcase and it's so hot
outside so if I look sweaty it's because
I am first thing I'm going to try is the
Jolly hotdog I got the cheddar one it's
like dripping with cheese and ketchup
looks so good
I mean that's a good hot dog Ilse tell
if there's like mustard at the bottom or
that the cheese melted cheese cars
it's very messy and very hard to eat
button
it's really good
okay I need the true I'm like so excited
to eat everything anyway hallo hallo is
gonna melt I'm gonna try to keep that
and sure
[Applause]
[Music]
they're so good
it is so good okay let's dig into
to the spaghetti and chicken strips the
chicken I think it said the chicken
dippers I'm so excited to try it oh my
god
this is something everyone has been
telling you to try good to do it I hope
they don't say anything I don't they
don't so way to stop filming out there
[Applause]
[Music]
I have two spoons okay we're gonna eat
this with a spoon
[Applause]
it's really good I don't know what's
different about the sauce from like
other things that I've had I just give
me that this is like a fast food place
spaghetti I don't know and also guys by
the way for my drink I got a Sierra Mist
nothing special
that's good I can't believe that this
flicker like a fast-food takeout place
like this isn't part of a hot dog
where's they carry I think it's all I
care it okay there's a lot of spaghetti
so I'm gonna put a gun for now and I
want to try the chicken because that's
really what Jollibee is known for right
the chicken if not correct me down below
but the lady took my order she was like
'i just want gravy for the chicken i
said yes i don't know if there's
something better that goes with the
please let me know down below
I also wish I got to like film more
inside but I felt very oldest there's a
lot of people I didn't want the cash the
cashier to feel uncomfortable I should
have just asked I don't really like
filming when I'm alone in public but
right now her jolly be sitting here in
like filming this video does not feel it
doesn't feel that weird also knowing how
many people have been wanting to see
this happen
it makes me really really happy that I'm
finally able to do it and I'm like I
don't know but moment of truth I'm gonna
try the chicken dipped inside of the
gravy it's gonna be some good gravy and
s shadow to Ritchie 720
[Music]
okay I don't know what it is about like
the creamy I don't know if anyone could
say that like the crudit√©s different to
you I don't really eat a lot of creepy
so I don't have anything to judge it by
but it's really good it's it makes it
really moist that's like
really good no don't fly way down I like
the chicken I think more than I like the
spaghetti and the spaghetti is really
good everything's really good I wish I
had one in Boston Charlie be police open
when in Boston is a huge huge Filipino
community up there I'm sure they would
love it to have some jellybeans I want
some jellybeans so jollibee please come
to Boston
okay I'm sorry guys my camera stopped
recording after ten minutes I'm actually
his Wright brothers camera and I also
want to apologize that like the audio is
probably not the best because I am out
and like there's like a really busy
street right in front of me
so hopefully that doesn't pick up too
much regardless and even if this wind or
anything I'll add subtitles to this
video or something that was gross but I
love this breathing which is really good
I'm really excited to try
the hollow hollow the peach mango pie
I want the war my world
I want to drink the gravy is that weird
has anyone ever done not like it's like
really delicious
okay now that I charge everything
literally everything besides the
spaghetti I'm kind of full and spaghetti
is like really heavy on my plate my
stomach for me I want to try the deep
peach mango pie this looks really good
gonna be really really good I've heard a
lot of good things about it so let's up
just dig into it I guess
okay now what is expecting it to look
like ass kind of thing he's gonna look
like one of those apple pies I like
McDonald's but like I guess similar but
not not really I don't know Oh
Wow
got ephemerally out strong each flavor
they think of it's delicious I was just
not expecting it to be that strong I
wasn't expecting it also like I'm very
like liquidy that make sense I don't
think that's the right word for it but
it's very consistent texture to the
considering how delicious the mango pie
is I am so excited to try the hollow
hollow I think it's going to be
everything and more I'm getting scared
because it is really hot upside so it is
kind of melting but looks like there's
two types of ice cream in there I don't
know what that is the caramel this was
some cases I'm so excited to try it I'm
also not sure like are you supposed to
drink this because I didn't get a straw
but I'm gonna try to heal Oh
oh my god it's very sugary but it's
delicious and it's like
[Applause]
it's very fruity I don't even know what
it is exactly it's super fruity though I
think do you guys like love fruit over
there in the Philippines I don't know
what's in here I should have asked I
feel so bad now
but
so it's like shaved ice at the top then
it's ice cream and
this I don't know if this is
I don't know it might be because my
thing melted
yep which is really good this is
everything please Charlie be open one in
Boston this is so good I'm gonna stir it
all around it mix it all together oh
that's not disgusting I don't know let
me know if you guys do that in the
comments down below or give this how I
should try it
it's really really good so while I was
recording that video outdoors in the
superhot California weather my camera
overheated and like did not record
anything so I just want to let you guys
know what was my favorite things
specifically and that was the mango
peach pie it was making everything ever
because there's so much flavor in it but
it's not like super super sweet like
probably something that you get at
McDonald's I'm only comparing it to
McDonald's because it's both the fast
food and it's both very popular but oh
my god guys it was honestly just so
delicious in the gravy was the best
thing in the entire world I would really
want like whatever the ingredient is for
that gravy and put it online literally
everything I feel like I could drink
their gravy it was just really good then
obviously the chicken was really good
I'm definitely gonna try like more of
like the fried chicken like maybe like
um what do you call this chicken wing
chicken wings yeah I'm gonna try that
and there's so much more you need to try
please let me know your guys's
recommendations in the comments down
below I was also thinking of going to my
local Asian supermarket and possibly
making my own traditional Filipino dish
I don't know how well that would go I'm
not very good at cooking but I want to
try more like authentic Filipino food
even though Jollibee was absolutely
amazing I need to try it again when I go
to New York on September I think 20
seconds it's a Wednesday when I go I'm
going to see card who's a k-pop group
I'm gonna try to go to the jelly be over
in Brooklyn if I have money I'm probably
gonna be too broke but like this girl's
gonna try because I love jollibee so
much and I just need to try to get okay
but I hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you liked it don't forget to give it
a nice big something because you know
much agonized over something's indeed
but obviously you all know that don't
forget to comment down below and don't
forget that that's subscribe button like
I said before let me know what other
food you'd like to see me try I don't
know if I'll be able to get balut I
don't know if I'm actually saying that
right I really want to try it and really
scared to try it but I definitely want
to give it a try one day but yeah I love
you guys all so much thank you so much
for watching this video my young lot and
I was you all tomorrow bye
