good morning guys welcome to the
Philippines birthday so this is our view
from where we're sitting big building
mokra way cool we're like super high up
you say what do you think of the
Philippines so far yeah good yeah and is
making you okay
[Music]
okay she's gonna see that she's
essentially yeah I guess howdy Honda oh
that is new my glasses looks like you're
ready for a fun day
yeah so right now we argue my head out
and do some groceries get some breakfast
and just look around I guess all right
now we are hanging out here waiting for
you at the right above how to work where
are the books I mean I'm reading right
nobody so I thought I mean you're also
ready to talk about like this changes
you know what their army is so far is
our kids don't have to be in a car seat
we're at advanced Kartini if you're not
in it yeah you're young like and then
just they just go all over the place so
the traffic is this like I don't know if
we're not doing our me like I guess I
hadn't expected this because I've seen
videos of people ready everyone told me
the driving school scary but I think
people just kind of they don't stop and
they just pull out in front of you or
like people get this close you know
motorcycles just kind of weave in and
there's really interesting work beyond
just written online and change and it's
so close we just pull around
Trubel freaked out thank you yeah I
don't think I'll ever drive
mama yes I will never drive a car yes
you will you're 16 right now of Nicole's
work has shown us all around is so cool
here he ever is over here to see here
all these can be taken out longer just
oh oh oh
dude oh you forgot your badge holy cow
that's our view we're so high up my
people whoa that was awesome
Oh jingle sentry oh look at this guy
welcome join the other one years ago
who's last yeah my name
here what pretty light has been really
excited to spend some $8.00 here which
is for something I noticed we're at the
mall here and first of all the prices
are exactly the same as that hole where
I've seen out there places in the
Philippines I guess it's a greenway
chamber but we dive into a couple toys
and it's something I noticed though in
all these courses like there's so many
employees like standing there like
waiting healthy male preview and they're
like really really friendly and they're
all just like many around waiting and
you don't have that in the u.s. at all
like you're at Walmart they found me
have to go chase someone down like
find them we're finally here how guys
guess what happened so we we're going to
lay down for a little nap right before
lunchtime and then we're going to go out
to eat and go swimming and do always
something but sorry Michael yeah and
that's why I say I remembered and I woke
up in its dark outside anyway it's not
night now and we're all up and we're
ready
and like we're going to continue today a
little bit so we get tired again but
gentle are you so weird we're like tired
and we exhausted all right so the best
thing to do in the middle of the night
is with McDonald's you see it from here
so we're going to walk thick ok so we're
in Vegas called Bonifacio Global
Bonifacio Global stick and it's midnight
and we're just walking you know this is
Laura shriek oh it's so close
Laura's freaking out because of the like
you know the walking the streets are
like so cars go that people go there's
no like or do you say simple is scary
silly goose well we are learning we are
learning when the guys the walking guys
read you don't want when they scream you
watch the reddleman losers number
something wrong yeah conversation okay
here we go
nasty insects oh and we found McDonnell
and ask if you people friends and I left
house thanks
Kuya so I'm hope I'm MacDonald process
they don't understand MacDonald
don't know Mack door I guess useful in
future here and I met John I was like
cool fireplace
you put one Trish I went trying to put
it in the trash and some it I feel about
it and took it from to leave this one
here so I was it going it's really weird
we just saw the cutest little kids like
little boys it may ask me for money and
done gave them some coins and stuff and
then I can say it after our food to it
Oh God
little boys in the middle of the night
as you see I would treat you like a
plain rotten food that I'm not going to
give me my subscribers anything yeah
next time okay okay I can't have them
for me I see are you ready for bed okay
good night guys oh thank you for
watching the vlogs
we're still here in Manila and wait
today so it juicy
no sorry Meg your Thursday
one is Thursday right yeah same thing
why not a Thursday morning so nuts
thanks mr. shining you so tomorrow we're
going yes yes the world on Friday will
be in movies dress up driving taking the
bus and the boat and the boat you know
traveling to kind of find and stuff
where I II grew up and Adam excited I am
super excited about that Nicola and I
were just talking about like you know
the people that were there and like do
we think that we do it and leave in case
again and hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
and we'll see you guys tomorrow please
