[Music]
we upgraded our kitchen it's the house
so today we're gonna cook he's gonna
play game what I cook let's see what
they have in the kitchen first time ever
entering the kitchen my aunt is not here
so we're gonna mess it up a little
gonna be pissed off that's okay but
that's how I roll yeah first off you
know we got to check out the fridge
first yo this is a original Korean kind
of fridge okay
not a bunch and oh these I dish it I
bought this mango for you got a bunch of
bunch a bunch a bunch on more stuff this
looks like pudding
well you gotta call the cola you got
mountains you got so much like
Mountain the mountain
Nicki Minaj she loves like soda doesn't
go here we got some stuff left side we
got some more punch on some wrapped up
shits there whatever whatever both shoes
in jungle
make you to be a little remember
whatever rationing stop eat cheese okay
guys hey now we're gonna use four again
okay pork liver heart and pork face
parts that's we're gonna use we bought
this in this cheetah like Ohashi dunwood
so pork face this won't be here since
severe yeah this is the zoom in so you
got porks teasing but guys we couldn't
find the freaking for blood okay because
I went around these guys like purple
like they look at me at Airport pull up
these are like wrong you like poor blood
like poor blood and what's wrong pork
blood me they don't have pork blood
there's no pork blood and all the places
that we looked in Maria and so I had to
research the substitute of pork blood
like what I should use hmm and I found
out they use like black pudding it so
guys instead of we're gonna use teacher
tea I can't use it because I'm gonna use
it is okay sweet girl no pudding mix bit
like Ken Jong or it's gonna teach me
okay yeah it's putting in judging
judging sauce hmm so it's a black sauce
and make you look Brad Blacky and we'll
try to make our own version of diligwa
today okay
we'll see cutting it up now watch
passion I use bristle pants bro search
down it's down down down down the floor
Oh Justin saw okay no just put the pig
pig space already that's gonna taste
really good I think it's a talking sauce
to me to write the difference first you
have rice bro now I'm gonna watch this
first wash wash wash at the ingredients
hi guys okay
why I miss my knife that doesn't work
that much that's my setup I'm behind you
I'm gonna cut it into that kind of brown
pieces
for Stalin yarn cut the onions the
puddings nobody make me pudding for the
milk pudding and see how this life is
like instead of coconutty screaming and
then add more caramel pudding
mrs. very Carmindy over there so what
about guys
hi guys gonna go to dinner go home first
put the oil in the pot little bit and
then put the garlic garlic and onion
going in guys
garlic and and see Booya and wrong and
it makes it although I look I got the
rescue to endemic one lemon and
alternate buns and stump enjoyed mix
more after that you put a big time
everything after you go for a while up
you know I like to cook the onions kinda
like cooked it I like coke stocks like
even my beef and everything like some
people like where I usually go for like
medium well meet you even well yeah or
well done cuz I'm I don't know I
prepared I like to I don't think I'm in
a new kitchen following the recipe no ok
I'm hungry so I'm not talking that much
ok don't don't say to me having a
new kitchen here we go what's going on
your please guys support us you know
what to do support us Facebook page like
it Instagram come up to see of special
events and like where we're going baby
 you guys really want to see this
 that's going on abusive you
know the crazy elephant is going on
every day we're getting poorer but we're
getting richer ok guys going in huh
support vapor or please or key for
contestants for everything going in puta
Dominical ultimate o.o GZA borracho
oh of a lot that maple tech
small-boat expose that's a lot I put too
much that's a lot but you know we always
do a lot so we're gonna just chance
Christmas so many many things happening
here I get excited when I see there for
flavor and cuz the pork is just
guys we're gonna change it here so we're
gonna change it the pan that's too small
so we cook it poking it in the pan to
get rid of this pan yeah and then guys
so I'm cooking it more looks good to me
what about you put some water down from
each other going in so pop your hand for
blood we're gonna come shoot it with
this dinosaur blood going it for blood
ends up pudding pudding so guys for
blood and Nick Medina for Claude young
boy some ginger more for class
I know pooja that's gonna text her guys
guys have an effect sure look at the
texture bigger ones coming up guys look
at that texture texture coming up it's
coming up you guys know that formula do
charge and it's a green bean sauce
imitate the personalities of decision
Danka Danka sake go get a little bit
more guys and then I think we're done so
close up for this didn't go in here
thumbs up if you guys like okay we're
gonna prepare the table rice and
everything I'll see you there okay bye
my name is Locke and I'm gonna taste my
brother Steve I'm gonna go on a new line
right hmm little buddy you know what
yeah good
I'm y'all hi guys my name is luck and
I'm here at my favorite you wanna he's
my cousin I'm gonna be an iguana then we
have my brothers Tina GWACs jeong jinuk
guys what's not in the north of banchon
blocks and on China air and okay they
stay this hmm but they're my soul or my
wasn't my job
doesn't Bob a oh yeah oh yeah oh goody
or gonna putting lepida they're putting
to me no no so caramelize with the
pepper some oh oh it's good
sweet no scurvy is very chewy this is
pigs face liver and kicks everything
physics seasick but it's like liquid
ceasing with water city so John was a
good one he put like let's go tell to
shoot oh yeah oh yeah
Heidi tonic
[Applause]
[Music]
you don't get your head together we look
after the puma woman women Apple
neurology commit good dude I did it you
have to listen some peque√±os I'm pretty
crazy how the money gets into the
[Music]
who you are bogo sincere the passage in
yeah okay I've come down a little to
Google's new smiling
here we go
[Applause]
[Music]
again okay forced labor part and pork
face parts that's we're gonna use
robotics in the schita like what she
does so pork face this is what we knew
since it's a great yeah zoom in so you
got pork seating but guys we couldn't
find the freakin for blood okay because
I went around these guys like that
purposely like they look at me at
airport Bluff either like the wrong guy
for blood like poor blood what's wrong
poor blood
they don't have pork blood there's no
poor blood in all the places that we
looked in Maria and so I had to research
the substitute of pork blood like what I
should use mmm
and I found that they used like black
pudding it so guys instead we're gonna
use Beauty I can't use it because I'm
gonna use it is okay so you bro no
pudding mix with like ganjam or it's
gonna taste beer okay putting in judging
judging sauce hmm so it's a black sauce
and make you look rough lacking and
we'll try to make our own version of day
to go on today okay let's be cutting it
out now what time should I use person
hands bro search down it's down down
down down the floor
oh no just put the pig pigs face parity
is really good I think talking sauce to
me to rice meat due deference first you
have rice
hey guys we're gonna cook now I'm gonna
watch this first wash wash wash I think
gradients hi guys okay
I miss my knife that doesn't work that
much that my setup I'm behind you I'm
gonna cut it into that kind of brown
pieces
foster Anyang got the horn yawns the
puddings about to make milk pudding for
the milk pudding and see how this life
is like instead of coconutty screaming
and then uh and more caramel pudding
mrs. very caramely over there
so wake up guys hi guys gonna put the
vinegar on first with the oil bot little
bit and then put the garlic garlic and
onion going in guys
garlic and MC booyah and undrawn and
then mix it although I look I got the
nurse treatment in one lemon and
alternate Funland something knowing mix
more after that you put a big time
everything after you go for a while I
you know I like to cook the onions kinda
like okay I like coke stocks like even
my beef and everything like some people
like where I usually go for a light
medium of well meet you eating well yeah
I don't know I prefer I like to I don't
think I'm gonna you get you following
something oh okay
I'm hungry so I'm not talking that much
okay don't go see she's coming on your
kitchen here we go what's going on your
please guys support us you know what to
do support us Facebook page like it
Instagram come up to see a special
events and like wherever you're going
baby you guys really want to see
the that's going on up usage
there are the crazy inaudible and
going on every day we're getting poorer
but we're getting richer
okay guys going in huh the poor paper or
please or chief or intestines for
everything going in Buddha Dharma Little
Buddha Dharma little conscience tomorrow
oh oh that's a lot
I'm a poet explore both expose that's a
lot I put too much that's a lot but you
know we always do a lot so we're gonna
just transfer discus so very many things
happening here I get excited when I see
therefore clever and cuz the pork
is just guys we're gonna change it here
so we're gonna change it the pan cuz
it's too small so we poke it poke it in
the pan to get rid of this pan and then
guys son go get more looks good to me
[Music]
bamboo stitch here for another cooking
and as you can see we upgraded our
kitchen don't laughs not my kitchen my
kitchen live in this house we just went
in a random house so he was like can I
use your kitchen in the neck okay okay
it's the house oh yeah Jiwan
he's got a shock so today we're gonna
cook saw he's gonna play game what I
cook let's see what they have in the
kitchen first time ever entering the
kitchen my mom is not here so we're
gonna mess it up a little bit she's
gonna be pissed off that's okay but
that's how I roll
yeah first off you know we gotta check
out the fridge first yo this is uh this
is a original Korean kind of fridge okay
it's not a punch and oh please i dishes
i bought this mango for you got a punch
and punch and punch and punch on more
stuff this looks like pudding
well you got a coca-cola you got
mountains you got so much like
mountain the mountain
Nicki Minaj she loves like soda doesn't
cool here we got some stuff the leather
side we got some more punch on some
wrapped up shits there whatever whatever
both shoes and Kanchan jungle
thank you to be able to wear whatever
fashion stop eat cheese okay guys now
we're gonna use for putting like that
huh
they're putting Tamina no so color
analyze this test oh this is got pepper
some blow
oh go is good sweet no Steve is very
chewy this is pig's face liver and kicks
everything physics seasick but it's like
liquid ceasing with water see so John
was good what he put like let's go tell
to shoot on yeah it's a it's a really
really good substitute for blood
cuz blood like it really tastes kind of
weird oh really good with rice mmm so
what's what's the most like flavor that
you get out of it so savor the sweet
being in charge of cuz you put a lot of
time right no biostatistics pigs pigs
face pig's liver is how much time but
when it crunch the black this one this
black pepper it's good guys take
shits on what about then one first time
if we didn't have the black soybean
paste
I don't know what happened yeah because
you guys wouldn't anymore if you guys
don't like the blood black soy paste is
perfect yeah see we goes through the
software empty no one here one last year
georgi yankov as we saw each other I
hope you stop
you put some water down which are you
going
so Papa Han for blood we're gonna come
shoot it with this dinosaur support
blood going it
blood for blood ends up putting milk
pudding so guys for blood and Nick
moving up again ginger more flour guys
guys what a texture look at the texture
bigger ones coming up guys look at the
texture texture coming up it's coming up
[Music]
you guys don't like blood do Chatham's
agree with sauce
everything's the personality sucks this
is sungki sungki sungki sungki focus a
little bit more guys and then I think
we're done so close up for this didn't
go in here
thumbs up if you guys like okay we're
gonna prepare the the table rice and
everything I'll see you there okay bye
my name is luck and I'm a taste my
brothers you know in ago I'm in the line
right hmm little buddy
you know what yeah good I know hi guys
my name is luck and I'm here at my
favorite you wanna he's my cousin gonna
be a dinner gwaan then we have my
brothers Tina gwon jaegwan guys what's
love and then lots of bad challenge
lots of Montana air and okay they say
this hmm okay my snow or my wife isn't
much yeah it doesn't Bobby oh yeah okay
good good
or can I put it yeah you see them
