the nation's capital Manila and its 16
surrounding cities that make up the
Metro Manila area have a population of
twelve point eight million people during
the daytime this number gets OH
[Music]
kamusta kayo
Mabuhay magandang Umaga and welcome back
to my nd echo Alba Sevilla and today's
video is special because it is only
about the Philippines as you can see
right there this is not a reaction video
about a musical performance or a dance
performance nope nope nope and this
video came at the right time
and it is called 14 reasons the
Philippines is different from the rest
of the world okay and I am saying that
it came at the right time and because I
am officially Canadian okay I will make
a separate video about that I am
officially Canadian and I am right now
trying to get my Canadian passport so
that I could travel wherever I want
almost wherever I want without a visa
because with my Algerian passport I
wasn't able to go anywhere unless I
asked for a visa and you know paid money
to get that visa and sometimes they deny
that visa so now that I'm Canadian and
I'll have a Canadian passport I can go
wherever I want
so obviously except for going back to
Algeria to visit my family my first
first destination will be the
Philippines I still don't know when
exactly
hopefully this year or at the very
beginning of next year when you know it
is super cold in Canada and I want to
flee the cold so that I can come visit
the Philippines and get warm with you
guys you know and have fun so we will
see but that is the topic for a whole
other video okay so right now let's just
focus on the Philippines and why it is
different from the rest of the world so
without further ado let's watch this oh
wait but before we start you know those
teasers that you can find on the channel
well you can watch the full reaction
video exclusively on patreon so don't
hesitate to check it out
[Music]
Wow Oh
Oh
[Music]
you can and you can make oh my god what
if I told you there is a country where
over 175 languages are spoken people
text more than anywhere else in the
world and boxing fights directly
influence crime rates it sounds pretty
much bad that is true you guys told me
when Manny Pacquiao fights on TV
everybody is watching and crime rates
stop that is that is just crazy
a unbelievable but it's all true in the
Philippines Philippine 14 there are more
than 175 spoken languages there are two
official languages in the Philippines
Filipino based on Tagalog a guy Ling
glish Filipino is the most commonly
spoken in pop culture language and the
government of the country uses English
in their work by the way the Philippines
are number five on the list of the
world's top English speaking populations
after US India Pakistan in the UK oh
this is pretty plain in order
even before Canada but I think this is
probably based on the population you
know the number of people in the country
because you guys are like a hundred
million Filipinos
and in Canada were barely 38 million
something like that
ordinary but in fact the diverse
linguistic groups living in the country
use over 175 languages for their
internal communication since many of
them exist only in spoken form it's
impossible to calculate the exact amount
Wow okay let's read that most common
languages official languages okay so
yeah Bisaya said 100 Cebuano from Cebu
right and there was a song of that girl
I forgot her name but it's called
sanjuana
yo Cano Oerlikon Oh Healey Guinan along
go what I McGuinn Donna Karan pengon
panga Sein and
166 more my god 13 their capital is the
most densely populated city in the world
the nation's capital Manila and its 16
surrounding cities that make up the
Metro Manila area have a population of
12 point eight million people during the
daytime this number gets oh my god
twelve points what eight million people
in one city that is nuts so there is no
wonder why the traffic is insane in
Manila all those youtubers and vloggers
I see complaining about the the traffic
that makes sense huh way higher since
many people come here to work and while
the number doesn't sound that crazy take
note that all these people does in an
area of sixteen point five six square
miles
this makes the population density equal
to one hundred eleven thousand two
people per square mile and that's five
times higher than in Mumbai or Paris for
example 12 they have churches in
shopping malls shopping malls aren't
merely a place where you buy stuff for
Filipinos they are safe air-conditioned
community hubs with gyms health clinics
concert halls nightclubs parks and even
churches inside so I did hear that you
guys have you know one of the biggest
malls in the world so you guys take your
models very seriously I mean you have
religious buildings in your mouth what
man this is fascinating I cannot wait to
visit the Philippines so it's no
surprise that they are the favorite
place to meet up with friends for so
many locals and three of the world's 10
largest shopping malls are located in
the Philippines there you go mega
fashion mall of SM Megamall SM City
North EDSA and SM Mall of Asia I'm gonna
need some of you to show me at least one
of these models obviously eleven
Filipinos are the number one texting
nation in the latest craze do Filipinos
love meeting up with friends at shopping
and when they can't see each other in
person they text and when they do it
they rarely limit it to hey how are you
in van
they send about 400 million tax a day
and was around 142 billion tax a year
it's more than the US and Europe put
together
not exactly a little number for a
country of 107 million people 10 they
have a unique form of transportation if
you visit Manila
you'll notice some interesting looking
vehicles called cheap knees yeah or
converted US Army jeeps that stayed in
the country after World War 2
Philippines so colors will transport up
to 18 passengers who jump on the cheap
need going in their direction and ring
the bell for it to stop there are about
50,000 jeepneys in Manila and I look
different with basketball stars cartoon
characters yeah
quotes neon like I'm pretty sure that
half of those Japanese have Stefan curry
as the you know best basketball star
it's in what not on them there are two
major problems with genies safety
concerns and pollution they produce huge
amounts of black smoke so hurry up if
you want to ride before they get
replaced with a Rapid Transit System
9 one of the islands has more volcanoes
than towns the Philippines are without a
doubt a super-soldier location of all
the islands that are a part of it
comedian sure stands out with more
volcanoes per square mile than any other
island on the planet Wow is 14 miles
long an eight point five miles wide and
has seven volcanoes and five towns and
even though earthquakes and eruptions
shaped it volcanoes have been deep
asleep sand okay it's the 50s so
thousands of tourists can safely visit
the island these days nice eight their
national flag has a secret meaning the
national flag of the Philippines has two
bands of blue and scarlet and a white
triangle at the hoist with a Yellow Sun
and a trace each of them standing for
one province of the country yeah the
yellow stars stand for the three largest
island groups Luzon Visayas and Mindanao
that makes a flag
really unique is that it can be reversed
to declare a state of war who has
happened during the Villanova genera war
of 1898 to 1901 and during World War Two
in 1941 to 1945 Wow
seven boxing directly affects crime
rates in the country Filipinos love
boxing and are crazy about their most
famous boxers they love boxing they love
singing and they love pageants beauty
pageants for Manny Pacquiao whenever he
fights the whole country is glued to its
TV sets and according to the Philippine
National Police BMP crime rates in the
country drops significantly when he's in
the rain during his 12 round fight
against American boxer Floyd Mayweather
Jr that went from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
not a single crime was committed in the
whole Manila metropolitan area it was
basically the same during other major
fights with the participation of the
people's champ
Manny Pacquiao he's like the president
of the philosophy Latinos work abroad in
my school because of their flexible and
reliable character or the fact that they
speak great English as a second language
but more than 11 million Filipinos work
abroad does an amazing levan percent of
the populate that's basically the
population of Manila that is crazy and a
quarter of all overseas nurses in the
world come from the Philippines five
their rice terraces are the eighth
wonder of the world
ya know a rice terraces look at this and
beautiful and we're so smartly designed
that they still bring a harvest of rice
and vegetables look isn't there isn't
that there where they shot that last
scene with Thanos from Avengers infinity
you know when tano's snapped his finger
and just disappeared to that other
planet I think that was shot in the
Philippines because we could see rice
fields most of which get exported and it
is believed if all the terraces had been
built and to end they would stretch
halfway around the world today these
places bring the country more money as a
tourist destination than rice
plantations and thus they play an
important role for the economy of the
Phillip
for they produce a lot of coconuts yeah
baby Lapine's had been the number one
pretty cool cannot and probably mango
man the filipino mangoes are delicious
and coconut man coconut is good as well
juicer of coconuts in the world and even
though the leadership now belongs to
indonesia 153 million five hundred
thirty-two thousand tons per year is
still an impressive number isn't it
these coconuts are used to make anything
from clothing to beauty products Wow
three the first European to visit the
Philippines was ferdinand magellan jimin
the legendary lor made the first record
of the Archaea palacio among the
europeans in 1521 he founded the first
settlement in Cebu and thus most of the
area became a Spanish colony this
explains the fact that around 90 percent
of the population is Christian unlike
most of the country's neighbors in 1898
the Philippines went under US rule and
later in 1946 became an independent
republic to a Filipino made the first
karaoke machine what I had no idea see
this makes sense you guys created the
first karaoke machine so it only makes
sense that you guys are so into singing
and not just singing you know in general
but live you enjoy singing live you
enjoy singing other people's songs you
enjoy doing covers this makes sense you
know some people would think it's maybe
Japan you know but no it's the
Philippines you love to sing along you
ought to thank Filipinos for your
favorite pastime
the first karaoke machine in the world
was created in 1975 by Roberto del
Rosario he patented as the sing-along
system and even though there were some
attempts to claim his creation he still
remains the only patent holder for the
karaoke
one the population is extreme us be so
rich right now because a hundred million
Filipinos probably own a karaoke machine
so just do the numbers extremely
good-looking along with their love for
boxing texting and shopping Filipinos
are crazy about beauty patches it might
be the years of American rule that gave
them this love for competitive beauty
but the fact remains a fact they have
won in all major international pageant I
don't know about that you it's not
because they are really into beauty
pageants they're that they are
necessarily crazy good-looking I'm not
saying that Filipinos are ugly far from
that because I've seen so many beauties
and just to mention one the nice the
nice nice Laurel okay but I mean it's a
little misleading what he just said
times 15 times is crowned Miss Universe
won Miss World six title holders of Miss
International and for Miss Earth crowns
the first official pageant was held
within the country in 1908 and since
2000 I mean they all gorgeous obviously
they have good genes man they have
amazing hair they have amazing skin and
one it's not just about beauty but also
for the promotion of environmental
protection hmm would you like to visit
the Philippines you've already been
there let me know in the comment section
below don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay right right
right this was the best video ever I
mean I knew a bunch of these facts but
it's still good to hear them again and
it just makes me even more excited to
visit the Philippines I cannot wait I'd
like to go for at least 2 weeks you know
like one week I spend it in Manila may
be visiting the wish bus maybe going to
an asset concert if I'm lucky you know
meet some people I don't know do some
fun stuff and then maybe a week at the
beach
you know just to chill and relax because
I am very very tired and I need a
vacation I do want to go to come with my
brother and if I can't with my brother
then it will be with one of my friends
so we'll see about that
before that I'm gonna have to open like
a GoFundMe so that you guys could help
me you know put money aside for the for
the trip because it's gonna in going to
be very expensive but yeah this is a
talk for another for multiple other
videos because I need to keep you guys
updated because this is going to be huge
and you know I've been thinking about
this since two years ago you know and
I've been saying that I was coming but I
still wasn't a Canadian and I still
didn't have my passport I actually still
don't have it but I am in the process of
making the whole paperwork and
everything it won't take too long it
takes like two weeks three tops so this
was fun if you have any other
interesting facts let me know in the
comment section below I honestly feel
like the Philippines is like my adoptive
country in a way cuz I like I like to
think of myself as a citizen of the
world because I did live in multiple
countries I lived in Algeria Morocco
Kenya Canada so those are already four
countries and I plan to visit the
Philippines not just once but multiple
times so hopefully I can count the
Philippines as my fifth country you know
yeah and maybe it will go up you know
and the in the listing if I go often I
love you guys honestly I love you guys a
Mahalo back our mahakal kayo
so thank you again for joining me this
was a pleasure as usual take care of
yourselves
send me other requests video about
interesting facts about the Philippines
and I will react to them because they
are different from what I do usually and
you need fresh content you know to
just to make me happy so again thank you
so much and I will catch you guys in the
next video peace out
thank you for watching subscribe here
and please like the video to show your
support and appreciation for my work and
turn on the notification Bell to beatbox
for future content yeah
