hello and welcome to the overreacting
podcast episode one Oh No
I'm super excited about what we're gonna
be able to do with this you may know us
as hug knuckles and hot sam my name is
Josh Brooks this is my beautiful life
Samantha Brooks and we're gonna try
something new this is something we've
been talking about for quite some time
that we wanted to do a podcast we wanted
something you know we could get up on
iTunes on SoundCloud or you can be
watching it on YouTube we will be
posting this to you hug chuckles TV our
main YouTube channel so depending on
where you know us from or if you don't
know us at all either way welcome this
is our first episode and I really don't
know what we're gonna do or where we're
gonna go with this it's gonna happen I
know we're gonna be doing this weekly
we'll be posting it up on YouTube
Thursday nights two-hour hug Nicole's TV
channel most likely once we get the
audio version of this rolled out which
hopefully you may be listening to as
well that should be possibly Friday
mornings but we'll get more information
on that as well check us out on twitter
at OVR
our podcast or ad hoc Nicole's or at
housing today for our first episode that
we do something interesting we're gonna
kind of talk about general things that
are going on in the news that's gonna be
like our regular and eventually we'll
have a few guests but I figured for our
first two episodes maybe we'll do
something fun maybe you do know us from
the channels but if you don't this will
give you a good opportunity to get to
know us for our first episode I'm gonna
treat Sam hot Sam as our first guest
which is kind of weird
my wife but then in Episode two we'll
flip the script and she'll actually
interview me yeah so we'll see how this
goes we'll get into that more as we go
along here so the way that I look at
this mm-hmm there's just a way to kind
of talk about our views on what is going
on it doesn't necessarily have to be
public to call it doesn't necessarily
have to be you know celebrity gossip
right you know what we saw on the
internet that we thought was cool what's
on Facebook well you know we have a
couple reaction channels we do reactions
to anything from anime Filipino music
performances and stuff like that
love teams we have all we run the gamut
okay I'm pretty much everything that we
do videos about so maybe we'll talk
about what's hot that week you know what
we're really into
exactly you know and like maybe if there
is like a big scandal like you know the
loogie Paulo stuff that was going down
we won't talk about that in this podcast
but you know what there is a big event
or something like that we can cover that
thing and I'm really excited I'm hoping
by week three one of our first guests
yes so this week hot sing next week
it'll be me in the hot seat it's like
we're guesting but you know I'm always
gonna be here so exactly but I feel like
this is an interesting way especially to
start it off it's low stakes right and
also if you don't know us very well or
you want to know more this is your
chance to know more also I like the idea
of the person who's the guest being in
the hot seat yeah anyway we'll see how
that goes but most of this is gonna be
dictated by you the listener or viewer
depending on how you're taking in this
podcast and week to week we'll kind of
figure out where we're going with this
so the first thing I want to talk about
this week how are you doing I'm great
we're gonna have to we're going to bust
a him out of her shell a little bit I
know I'm a little guys you know we sit
here
my camera you know hours and hours a
week normally we're getting back on our
schedule right and but it's still weird
sometimes when we do something new yeah
when we do something new it's it's
really hard because it's like you know
we're used to the intro and then and
then we're used to like you know the
people we react to or the things we
react to you know we're we're used to
like kind of doing that kind of thing
but whenever it's like we're having to
talk about things and that are like in
our life and stuff it's it's hard for me
well the other thing too is we kind of
we're kind of flying free here you know
we don't have a 10-minute let me spray
and with this being our like the first
one it's like we for sure don't exist
except we're kind of flying free we
don't know exactly what we're gonna do
when we do our normal videos okay this
is what we gotta do right so if we are a
little awkward in this first one I'm
kind of excited for that and I know that
sounds weird but I'm really into a lot
of different podcasts like me and say
we're talking about it before we start
recording this we used to watch baited
we would listen to you with keemstar in
them well I'm a big fan of the Joe Rogan
podcast there's quite a few different
ones like the Alton Brown cast I used to
be real big into I even like night Vale
useless and some of that Sam's not a big
podcast no I'm not I mean so like I like
feasting first week peoples first and a
little feasting oh I'm sorry and I know
that's not a podcast but like I kind of
look at that as kind of like yeah it's
like an interview type thing and and
they just eat wings you know and it and
that's fun apologize for the lack of
wings
yeah ahead of time but I get that I do
because it is gonna be that kind of vibe
other than I feel like the first week
fee so is a little more of a drill-down
because they have the 10 wings 10
questions 20 minutes I don't I mean like
it's kinda way instead of just like a
conversation yeah like like this like we
have a time limit but like we kind of
like
though I'm shooting for an hour but I
don't know I mean some podcasts are like
three hours long I mean I don't really
have but I'm saying like I don't really
have a time limit that that I've said I
said I at least want to make in an hour
for our first episode so we kind of feel
out
we're wrecked I feel like a good podcast
is at least an hour right anything less
than that it's like why ya know for sure
and then it also kind of reminds me of
when we used to do or Thursday live
streams and and we would just sit there
and talk about whatever and the only
difference with this is is we would have
people commenting and we would read the
chat and kind of just like go off of
that names or questions and stuff so um
it is it is a lot like that and was
lasted a matter time stream these before
they go into audio we may eventually
start live streaming these right no I
think that the first yeah until once we
get yeah all right but the first thing
that I want to get into in the news was
something that I I think I talked to you
about a little bit but first off I want
to give our our well wishes or get well
soon to Kevin Smith he is a great
director just an artist in general a
comedian actor you may know him as
Silent Bob from Jay and Silent Bob he
also you know it's worked with Marvel
he's been in numerous movies as a huge
fan of clerks and he recently had a
major heart attack and potentially could
have died they said once they had him in
the hospital and did surgery he had a
100% blockage in the Widowmaker artery
and it could have been the end friend
right so that's crazy
didn't he like have this like cancel his
second show if if he hadn't done that
then it would have been a bad call yeah
well after I guess after his first show
I guess what happened was he he was
saying he was like sweating buckets like
he was just not feeling right and
everything and they call an ambulance
warm cancel the second charity took
so that's just the first part of what I
want to talk about you know I'm
definitely a huge fan so I want to send
him well wishes but there was a there's
a little really controversy which is
which is weird in this type of situation
so first episode I can't say well if
you're a longtime fan but if you do
watch oz I love Chris Pratt we write a
huge minute Chris Pratt yeah
be on guardians of galaxy I was a big
Parks and Rec fan and that's where I
first got introduced him but he's
amazing and everything he does you know
the Jurassic world stuff that he's doing
is actually really good as well but
Chris Pratt is just the dude like
there's two people we're going to talk
about today that to me exemplify what a
celebrity should be or what I would
aspire to be if I ever had any kind of
you know celebrity status in the world
and Chris Pratt is one of them like he
just always seems like a stand-up guy
everybody has great things to say about
him you never hear anybody who has a
negative thing to say about him he
believes in you know patriotism and he
is a prayerful person he's a very
religious person he tweeted out to Kevin
Smith and after there's a series of two
tweets I didn't know that there was two
but I haven't pulled him up here and
Chris Pratt says Kevin we don't know
each other too good but I've loved you
since clerks and I'm praying my ass off
for you because I believe in the healing
power of prayer can you all are can you
please pray with me people so the way
that I read that was can you please pray
with me people yeah
but basically he was calling out for his
fans to pray and then he had an
additional tweet same praying for you I
will continue to inspire me with clerks
when I was a senior in high school I'm
tagging by his football coach who showed
me the movie because he believed in me
and knew I'd be inspired a Texas high
school football that's cool now I'm like
oh man that's Chris Pratt's a good dude
you know like that's such a nice thing
like it's so cool reaching out and you
know offering our prayers
now the huge political thing right now
is whatever there's any kind of tragedy
or whatever people say thoughts and
prayers but they do nothing
you know and saying oh our thoughts and
prayers are with you people kind of took
that mentality and just went in on Chris
Pratt really weigh in like they were so
mad about him offering our prayers look
it doesn't make sense
what's because of that mentality if it
doesn't do anything it doesn't it's
offering up anything yeah I mean that's
your own personal beliefs you don't know
saying it's not even a belief thing like
even if you don't believe Rick respect
like he's giving his he's essentially
sending out you know yeah well nature's
right it's like it's a positive thing
it's not like he's being rude it's it's
a nice thing like that he's saying that
so exactly you know you don't agree with
it it's like you know it's really good
that he's well the other thing too is um
Kevin Smith actually came to his defense
so did a James Gunn I believe is who it
was
so James Gunn the director of The
Guardian series comes to Chris Pratt's
defense essentially saying even if you
don't believe in prayer whatever and he
had a whole list I'm not I'm gonna go
through it he had like six or seven
tweets where he got it goes in on people
explaining what I did right where the
thoughts and prayers thing is more of a
tragedy thing like if you're gonna say
that was a horrible thing that happened
do something about it you know donate
money or do something to help the cause
there's nothing you can do you know and
he had a funny point where he said
unless you think you're gonna go in
there and like have Chris Pratt do
surgery on him exactly that's what I was
about to say is like what else could he
do in that situation
like like eiu my thing like prayer
doesn't do anything but what else can he
do you know
ishes England right but again shows how
much of a stand-up guy Chris Pratt is
love him love everything that he's been
in he is yet to disappoint me in any
role he has been and it also just makes
me even more sad for people on social
media because there's always something
wrong and everything you know what I
mean this yeah everybody you know some
some person can always find something
bad and everything and this makes me sad
for the world sir our next story from
the news
I told you I want to talk about two
people that are very inspiring to me the
first was Chris Pratt
this one is Donald Glover you may know
him as childish gambino Emmy Award
winning director for his role in Atlanta
grammy-winning artist as childish
gambino he actually was a writer on 30
rock as well as perform destroy on
community I love all those projects
Atlanta I haven't seen yeah man I
haven't watched but community I was a
big fan of 30 rock rock I loved and also
he makes like an appearance on 30 rock a
couple of times yeah while he was a
writer right which i think is kind of
cool whenever writers come in and kind
of show their face a little bit well
especially once I become a famous later
and regularly call me and like I
remember seeing that dude back yeah yeah
but he was recently on Stephen Colbert's
Late Night show and he the whole
interview is really cool if you go check
it out on YouTube but what I thought was
really cool about it there was a little
girl who's a girl scout who had done a
remake of red though which is one of his
like hit songs right um off his new
album and she had made a rap like what
do you say it's like an homage it's not
a parody
yeah it's but kind of like a remake yeah
the background music yeah yeah well she
she went with the floor the music to
create like a Girl Scout cookie wrap
like essentially she you know she
sampled it yeah I mean like that's what
she does exactly but it was really cool
it was really sweet and
see Colbert did was he actually he kind
of set it up by asking
Donald some questions about you know if
he had seen the video what it meant to
him and things like that and Donald was
really cool about it kind of joking that
he would like to buy Girl Scout cookies
right well that was a perfect
opportunity for him to bring her out on
stage with her dad and they kind of set
him up right there with the Girl Scout
forum and Colbert kind of is joking
around with them saying like so what are
you gonna do with that for like how much
how many cookies he gonna buy yeah and
it looked like she had needed 113 more
cookies to fulfill like her goal and
he's like I'll take all right so he
bought a hundred and thirteen boxes of
cookies from this girl that made a song
you know like remade his song to sell
cookies like the sweetest like cutest
thing yeah cuz now she like made her
goal oh yeah yeah that's what she got to
meet them yeah and that's I'd forgive
anything the coolest part about it to me
though personally it's after the fact
Colbert pops out like this box of
cookies for them to give out to the
audience and the little girls like going
around to give him and Donald Glover
like pulls the box that Colbert's hand
to go walk around with him yeah it's so
cool like what kind of like celebrity
he's like I'm doing an Emmy
award-winning Grammy award-winning like
dude everything he touches turns to gold
like just us this guy who could be a
huge jerk like when you hear about big
stars right it could be a huge jerk and
he takes the basket from Colbert so he
can go hand out write the cookies with
the girl in her dead like that's just
such a chef so much about him you know
like he wanted to be a part of that with
her and that that meant that meant
something to me like I just thought like
that's why I am such a fan of his yeah
what he does regardless is really good
like he is a very good performance I
enjoyed his really old school like used
to do like nerdcore sell rap as
challenge give me know I was a big fan
of that you know song with MC Chris and
you know I've just been a fan of him for
so long and when you get so attached to
these certain people to know that
they're like such good people just makes
you feel good it's like an extension of
yourself right and I feel like you know
like there's a lot of celebrities who
like they make big donations and second
and I think that's great you know I feel
like it's those smaller things like like
going out in that audience with that
basket of Thin Mints and handing them
out with that little girl it's like
those smaller moments that I think make
you more of like you know it makes you
stand out more to me than if you were to
donate thousands of dollars you know
you're not just like using your money
and like you know you know doing stuff
with it which is great I'm not you know
discounting you know like I mean gosh
but it's just it made stands out more to
me seeing those small acts like like he
did and and Chris Pratt's tweet you know
yeah exactly might we go out of the way
right I think is what it is we go out of
the way from what is the norm yeah it
just it makes me like think like okay
this this is just a normal guy he's he's
got manners you know and it makes you
kind of think differently about who they
are as a person instead of just they're
a celebrity they they probably think
they're better than or something you
know but it it kind of makes me like
take that away you know and think like
oh man whenever they're with their
family I'm sure they're just one of the
family you know and well like Chris
Pratt I remember what was a hit I think
there was like a video of him teaching
his young son how to do like the Pledge
of Allegiance or something it was out
like with the flag it was like a really
adorable thing and it's like that sounds
key I just like wholesome moments yeah
you know what I mean when we're looking
at performers in any industry it's just
cool when you see those those cool
moments and it doesn't matter what you
believe or how you feel about certain
things it's just like it's a dad and a
kid having a moment what I mean like
that's what it's about that was cool
about it it's like you know the dad
taking time to like spend time in the
Sun and teach him something worried yeah
it's just that's what it's about to me
right personally that's how I feel about
it yeah one more thing I want to talk
about before we get into some questions
is we were just as we're about to go
live here and record we're super nerdy
well I am I've unlocked to the nerdiness
inside of Sam and we'll get into that a
little bit more as we get into her
questions but we've been very excited
for infinity ward's the New Avengers
movements gonna be coming out and they
announced that it would be coming out
May 4th okay may the 4th be with you and
also with you
oh when we were looking through this on
Twitter there was a cute little exchange
between the Marvel Studios Twitter and
Tony Stark Robert Downey jr. mm-hmm his
Twitter they announced that it would
come out on March 4 May 4th and Robert
Downey jr. basically tweets out saying
oh can we get it earlier and you know
joking that you know Marvel Studios says
and bring your friends or whatever in
shows like all the Avengers yes so he's
like how about the world and then the
Marvel Studios twitter is like deal like
that's fantastic and it says April 27th
will be the new release date for the
Avengers infinity war movie that's
awesome I think that is so cool I feel
like I saw like Cookie Monster I think
[Applause]
but I'm very excited for that we were so
far behind in movies and what we're
trying to do this March well today March
is get through pretty much all the
movies that we are behind right that is
my goal seen in DC movies yes so and
then that'll be up on our patreon as
well when we do a reactions to that yes
I'm excited I'm so happy the Avengers
movies are the best because it's like a
culmination of all your favorite heroes
exactly and I love that there's gonna be
the people in guardians guardians of the
galaxy baby great he's gonna be even
older he's gonna be like teenage Groot
oh my gosh babe okay we need to talk
about this that is actually something
else that was in the base what the who
was it who was it let me see if I can
find this story around quick so when
we're talking about baby Groot is what
reminds me there we go
James Gunn while he was tweeting
somebody said they were talking about
the difference between the poor's I
guess from the new Star Wars movie
versus Groot and it said who would you
know who would die or something someone
tweeted out and he said I forget what
his response was but the fan basically
said you could kill a brute because you
could grow grew back you know like that
it wouldn't matter
yeah and James Brown James Gunn says
first group is dead baby Groot is his
son so that is officially canon at the
end of the first movie where group
sacrifices his life it it was the end
baby Groot is his son it's the seed of
Groot and like a lot of people were
talking about after the fact
cuz that's why they grew in there
growing them in the pot that makes a lot
of people are explaining how you know
the new Groot has all this different
attitude yeah it's a difference with
some mind-blowing because he does have a
completely different attitude like and I
thought as I thought about it that it
wasn't him I've always just assumed
right I just assumed that they regrew
him which technically like it is like
him but you
if you take like if you take the seed of
a tree and you grow another tree it's
not the same tree you know what I'm
saying like that is I never thought
about that basic sad and happy like I
know I always just chalked it up as
being like okay well he must have this
new attitude because in the first volume
he was like really he became really
popular like everybody fell in love with
Groot and the idea of group and so maybe
like he's like got this new little
attitude because he's like all that kind
of thing and that's kind of what I was
thinking like they did that for but that
makes oh my gosh that makes me even more
sad though that daddy groots like it
makes me really sad it makes me more sad
about the first movie but it makes me
happy to know that like his legacy lives
on
yeah why I wonder if he has more kids
could they have gotten a lot of seeds
are there a bunch of little groups
running around just that but I saw that
now was I Katya tell Samantha that I
totally forgot until this moment I'm so
glad that I remembered it I didn't
remember what woody bunny trailed off of
to get here I don't know oh yeah yeah so
that was really cool though James Gunn
just holding it up on Twitter moly make
it work I'm mind-blowing right now like
I'm next we're really excited that
that's his son like I didn't think about
that also I do want to speak out so for
the Chris Pratt thing we're with you
know heaven giving prayers of Kevin
Smith James Gunn spoke out in his
defense Kevin Smith also tweeted out and
said that he felt bad because Chris
Pratt was one of his favorite actors oh
wow and the hat people were so mean to
him essentially he said star-lord prayed
for me and I'm sweet or something like
you know how sweet sterling prayed for
me and I thought that was like the
coolest thing it was like a cute little
whatever yeah because Chris Pratt had
kind of said like you know you've
inspired me and I looked up to you and
whatever for him to kind of give that
back right was really cool and even
Kevin Smith said you know it's basically
well wish
you know it's like good intentions right
what he said
so what's it's cool that you didn't come
back and be so mad like I mean I know
like we're like getting back to but it
just makes me so mad that people are
like having a problem with him saying
that it's just so stupid to me there's
so there's so many weird things going on
there's fringe groups that believe in
almost anything now it is and I mean
we're not gonna get too political on the
show but it just seems like there is a
lot of people that have a problem with a
lot of things yeah and I play what makes
them happy you know the people that have
odd that what'll make you happy like
hopefully you think that that there's a
problem with Chris Pratt's tweet let us
know and explain to me what makes you
happy
yeah hit us up at our podcast on Twitter
really curious and maybe we'll deep dive
into it on the next so up next what's
I'm excited for this
so it's like hot Seaton in the what is
it Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
doo-doo-doo-doo so this is essentially
this is our first guest which is it's
the reason that I really enjoy this is
the fact you get to know Sam a little
bit more and then on next week's episode
hopefully get to know me a little bit
more but it also it also gives us kind
of a chance to you know hone our
interviewing skills cuz it's not really
like we do that all the time
we don't really sit here and have
another person that we ask questions to
you or need to know things about we
normally just kind of talk about it
we're looking at and we're really
excited to get some guests on the show
that's another thing we want to hear if
you're watching on YouTube let us know
in the comments down below if you're if
you're listening you know whatever
device that you do hit us up on our
Twitter and let us know some of the
people that you think may be guests on
the show yeah in the community that
we're in now you know we do a lot of
reaction videos we could reach out to
other reactors or the youtubers that's
kind of our space now but who knows
sky's the limit you know I'm not there's
footprints on the moon so like you know
the sky might not even be the limit the
moon looks like cheese so for our first
interview I guess your interviews I'm
really bad at are you nervous yeah how
excited well I'm nervous cuz I don't
know what you're gonna ask and I'm not
really quick like it responding so I'm
kind of slow at responses so okay
alright well let's give this a whirl so
why don't you kind of tell everybody all
right so I am from a small town of what
300 people and 700 people he knows the
population more than me but it's called
Eddie Texas right and that is where I
you know I've lived my entire life I
went to schooling Gatesville Texas which
is a little bit bigger but not by much
it's a very small town central Texas
very close-knit communities more inmates
yeah more inmates than people I in high
school I was a member of the band and I
played the flute and I still love to
play the flute but that was like pretty
much my life that along with
powerlifting and I was really good at
both of those I am was a state soloist
and band
and I was a state champion powerlifter
so you know don't mess with me happy so
as a state champion power limiter what
did it take to become a state champion
power lifter like what what was your
heaviest lift what was your are there
certain like events like when I think of
like the Olympics like there's certain
sports people do or there's certain
lifts that are like a specialty or
something right so we had squat deadlift
and bench and the best one that I did
was deadlift my best lift was 375 375
pounds and bench was my least like the
one that was least good at and I think
my max there was like 250 250 pounds and
then squat I think I I think I got 375
on squad but and that's where you got
when you won the championship right yeah
and I actually have a video that I would
like to share to the YouTube channel
honoka's TV of me actually that moment
that I won that we won the state
championship where I did my squat and
then you can see me just like cry like
it was just it was one of the most
memorable moments of my entire life so
so now when you win you win as a team or
do you like it individual credentials
right so you can win individually in
your weight class so there's different
weight classes and you know in in my
weight class I think I placed third in
my actual weight class in the state but
as a team there was ten of us and you
know your placement goes towards like a
larger you know towards the team yeah
I'd like 10 towards a team like count
and we won as a team first place so our
like our actual team won first place and
yeah I mean in my cousin Casey she was a
part of that team with me too she was a
senior and I was a freshman that year so
no as as a like a lot of you know if
you've been watching us before through
our YouTube channels we've been going on
a weight-loss journey I always hate
saying that but
the popular term yeah is that a major
goal of yours is to get back into
lifting like I know you don't seem to
want to get back into powerlifting but
do you want to get back into weight like
heavy weight lifting I would love to get
back into heavy weight lifting just
because like I loved how it made me feel
and like I like like I just feel like I
was born to be like a strong person like
that's why in junior high before I even
got into the age where where you can
start powerlifting the coach came and
she hand-picked me and she was like
you've got muscle you know you would you
just have it naturally and so like by
the time I got into you know that
freshman year of high school I was
already ready you know it's like isn't
you say like what does it take to be a
power lifter and it didn't like yes I
had to wake up at 5:45 every morning to
be at the gym at 6:00 and like and lift
and that was like everyday but like I
had to work for it but it I feel like it
was kind of easier for me then than
others you know and and that I mean I
don't know exactly how to word that you
know it was just like slowly good enough
it came naturally yeah and so I feel now
you know I'm really big on I want to run
a marathon like that is like my end goal
I want to run the Chicago Marathon
drastically different dress with you
right yeah lifting but I used to run for
like an hour straight in high school you
know and and I used to love that I used
to love running but it's two different
kinds of muscles running and heavy
weight lifting you know it's it's like
there's you know it's two different
categories and yeah where you built
first and then running like spring
running the way it breaks down your legs
is differently than whenever your heavy
weight lifting it's not bulking it's
more toning it and so I don't I want to
run the marathon but I
know how that's gonna work if I want to
lift heavy like I would like to do both
let's head back to when you were talking
about you were in band now being a say
champion power lifter at the same time
is that when you were getting like I
know you wanted an award was that at the
same time or what what year did you win
your state championship so state
championship was freshman year I won the
John Philip Sousa award my senior year I
did powerlifting and qualified first
state my freshman sophomore and junior
year did you know my senior year I did
it and the reason is fun fact why I
didn't continue is because I struggled
with my weight so bad in high school
that it was just kind of like I didn't
want to lift in a heavier weight class
because I knew I wasn't I wouldn't work
I wouldn't have done as well and that I
would have rather not done it and this
is just who I am like I'm really
competitive I would have rather not done
it and stopped doing what I loved to do
then to have come in fifth place or
whatever you know so it was just and I
struggled really hard with that but what
was the difference for you in
preparation for the weightlifting versus
say like a
so I mean like like when you had to go
perform
so like marching performances there
they're pretty extensive like as far as
like like we had to run four more four
marching band you know and so like I can
kind of compare the two bear because you
know like you have to hold your flute up
first like eight minutes you know for a
performance and you know it's kind of
hard and so like as far as like
preparing for a powerlifting me like you
know of course you you worked out every
day you gradually like you you know lift
the heavier weights you do like you know
whatever my coach would have us do and
then we would gradually go up and wait
but as far as like practicing for band
you know we would we would run and then
we'd have to memorize a lot of our sets
I'm like where to be on the phone the
field and whatnot and then of course
memorizing the music so just consistency
went into both of them like every day it
was like a daily thing you know every
day I had to work out every day I had to
play my flute I had to memorize I had to
test myself you know just like we had to
max out and see you know test ourselves
how far we could go with lifting how
much weight that way she'll our coach
would know where to start us and and
then of course I'd have to like test
myself and I was a section leader in
band side to test all the flutes well
that's what I'm getting into I'm saying
like as far as intensity like people a
lot of people would say that band isn't
a sport you know like marching band and
things like that of course there's a
difference between but there is a lot of
physical activity and there's a lot of
like training physical and emotional
stress that goes into that so say you
had like when you go what is the big
performance or essentially you get
graded that's like State for band well
there's the different there's a couple
of different ones because there's
marching so like you can go from
marching like all the way to state or
you there's like just concert season
which you can go all the way to state is
like an individual and so those are
completely like those are totally
different because so like for state like
in concerts
season all you have to do is sit in a
room and play and learn your music you
know and in some cases you have to
memorize it if you want to do like a
certain like another level of it if you
want to be eligible for a certain
division of rating then you have to
memorize it you know what I'm saying and
I did do that you know I memorize it and
that was really intense what took more
time marching marching band took more
time than even the power of it then even
the power lifting and I will say because
there are a lot of people that sang like
oh they had marching band you know like
that's easy or whatever but that was
harder than me playing volleyball than
me playing basketball than me running
track throwing shot put and discus
playing softball because it was a mental
thing it was you had to memorize this
you had to memorize where to go on the
field as well as what you're playing on
your instrument and you had to stay in
time and you had to memorize like three
different things at the same time
whereas being tired you know and it's
very it's very draining yeah so what
would you say what would you say were
the skills that were transferrable from
either of those sports to like everyday
life like what what do you is there
anything you think out of all that time
and effort you put in that would benefit
you now um no you don't think like
memorization I mean I feel like I feel
like I struggled a lot after high school
because I feel like the things that I
loved
they just ceased to matter and that
that's something I really struggled with
for a really long time was a college man
and he's still playing but it wasn't the
same like it wasn't like you know like I
said I'm really competitive I gave up
powerlifting which really upset me like
I feel like if I hadn't given that up
you know my life would have been way
different and and then of course you
know the band thing if you know there
was just something about being the best
like I like I'm not trying to like seem
you know
Bragi or anything but like I was a
section leader I was a soloist I was a
marching yeah you know I was the best
and and then going to college where I
was in a band where I was on the second
row instead of the first row where
everyone is so good and it's just harder
to prove yourself and it was really hard
and it was kind of like I think once you
know and that's that's another thing
like like I said I came from a really
small town whereas like coming from that
small town I was like I was always in
the newspaper for something you know and
then going out and branching out to
college it's like you start to realize
like man like I'm from this little small
area when there's this huge great world
out there and I just didn't even I
didn't even know what was all out there
you know it's just like my mind had to
grow and it had to adapt to like to like
learning what I'm gonna do with myself
and with my life because that was my
life and then it just didn't matter
anymore
whoa okay so I think that's a great
segue to get into you know our next part
here where you're talking about the
small town now the city that we live in
is a rather larger city it's a you know
we're like a suburb outside of Austin we
live kind of in between Austin and San
Antonio mm-hmm
what are the main differences between
growing up in a small town and
like well what was was there anything
that was like kind of like a culture
shock or will even put it this way the
first time you left you moved up to
Chicago we'll talk about our love story
a little later you moved up to the
Chicago suburbs was that like a culture
shock was there anything that was like I
think because before I moved to Chicago
I moved the temple Texas which is a
little bit bigger it's about the size of
Waco Texas
you know I'm we get was more popular if
people know that yes but um but it kind
of like it was bigger you know there was
like major highway runs right through it
and like you know there was just water
there was more traffic you know and it's
just like I would go to Walmart and I
wouldn't know anybody in there that was
a big thing for small towns as you go
into Walmart and you'll see 20 people
you know when you say small town go to
Walmart Walmart was 40 minutes away
right I felt like we were you lived
there Italian yeah well and also I would
like to make this like clear like I
lived like an hour away from where I
went to school so where she went to
school that was a bigger stay right
bigger it's like 10,000 people and like
literally between that like there was
just like it's like a back road with
like trees you know and that where I
grew up you know so when she says
Walmart a small town the the city that
she lived in grew up in where I lived
for 18 months when I moved to Texas
there's a Dollar General there's no gas
station for like nine miles there's
nothing where at all I think a couple
restaurants rented yeah they're building
it up that I'm really actually yeah it's
kind of exciting but there's a really
good pizza place yeah but the closest
Walmart's like 40 minutes away the
closest gas station
like it's it wasn't just run now the
street right that's crazy because for me
and well maybe we can get into this next
episode but it was like reverse probably
you with the culture right so what was
it like though being able to just like
it had to be weird knowing it from the
opposite side of just being able to be
like a balance you know is that like oh
yeah like being able to just like say
hey I need an avocado for dinner let me
run to Walmart and not have to make a
30-minute truck you know what I'm saying
like it was it's very nice it is really
nice to be able to do that and and also
like if if I do want McDonald's or
chick-fil-a you know and then there's
also like different services that are
offered like uber like little things
people are like Oh Collin uber but it's
like well where I'm from
Aaron uber doesn't go there and looks
like you pay a good amount of money to
get them there
even a taxi like I had never even I had
never seen a taxi you know what I'm
saying until like I actually like moved
away to like a bigger place cuz they
just learned they're not there what was
like your favorite thing about moving
like what is there one thing you're like
oh my god like finally so I always have
always had like this dislike need for
adventure and or lost yeah like I want
to travel I've want to you know I like
change I as much as I don't like change
I like it's really I don't know how to
explain it but but there was just
something about like the DES like
getting to start over you know I I moved
away like right after high school like I
graduated in May or June early June
moved away in August and and like I
liked being able to just like start over
recreate like a new identity and then
you know of course it hit me that you
know it kind of happened a little too
fast I think for me at that point in my
life and
you know the struggle that I was talking
about its what the struggle I had was to
who I wanted to be and stuff and but
yeah like the just I was like what was
like the main thing like when you when
you move to a big city and you're like
yes finally finally I get to go to water
burger and it's like five miles away
whatever is like a local like Texas
restaurant it's great everybody swears
by it I think it's pretty good okay so
how many times had you been outside of
Texas before we got together so I had
been to Alabama a couple of times to see
family that I have there and my family
just drives kind of straight there
straight back I hadn't been in years
though so that was whenever I was
younger it was the last time I went
there and then there was one time where
my family went to Oklahoma to Arkansas
and then back we just kind of did like a
little loop and then I went to New
Mexico to like sled like snowboard or
whatever in the mountains with a friend
and 8th grade so we went to DC yes I
went to do oh yeah
[Music]
I went to DC with my band and we stayed
there for a week and we got to tour all
of DC and we got to play and like on the
steps of the Lincoln Memorial we got to
play a concert there and then I also
went to Columbus Ohio where we had a
national powerlifting meet and I didn't
actually lift there it was my friend who
lifted but because I it was like a USA
PL oh yeah and I went with them because
she did you
they peel so what was that like your
your first times like my first plane
ride especially like DC in Ohio those
are more like DC still I guess kind of
southern ish like on the border of kind
of being that southern feel but also
yeah um I think I think I went to DC
first and I remember my very first plane
ride and I was terrified I was I was
like oh my gosh I'm about to be in the
air like it was really scary for me but
that's actually like I fell in love with
flying that gets one of my favorite
things to do I love being up and like
looking over the world and I think that
comes from like the feeling of like I've
always felt like I'm in like this little
like fishbowl and you know and then it's
like you're on top of the world where
you can see like everything and and then
you just like are like a thousand miles
away just done like a couple of hours
and it kind of like expanded my mind a
little bit in it it's like wow like
there's more to the world than like
where I'm from and you know yeah it was
just this weird okay so that I imagine
the trip to the Philippines was crazy
but you know it's so weird to me because
at that point like I had been talking to
a lot of our fans and friends from the
Philippines for so long I had already
like adjusted my mind of the fact that
you know they're on the other side of
the world okay it's nighttime here but
it's morning there so like I feel like
whenever I got on that plane I was just
so excited that like I didn't it didn't
hit me until we were home that we were
literally on the other side of the world
well that brings me to my next point so
I kind of we've gone here from small
town you went to high school in town
with 10
people you travel a little bit when we
men will get into our love story maybe
in a later episode or something we've
been together over four years now you
came out to live in the Chicago suburbs
with me okay but still kind of a little
naive you know maybe I'm like what the
when I say the real world is one yeah no
I was definitely still really like naive
at that point in my life
so what interests me the most though is
when you started doing YouTube and
started realizing people from around the
world were like taking notice like what
what did that mean to you someone from a
town of seven hundred people who had
traveled sparsely but not a lot you
weren't like well-traveled right well
what did that like what effect did that
have on you like it just like it made me
really emotional I still get emotional
thinking about it you know that that I
went from that girl in that small town
that really struggled with who she
wanted to be and and stuff to to
actually seeing people from all over the
world talking to me and watching my
videos and and saying that they loved
watching my videos there's there's
people from the other side of the law of
the world that say I'm their favorite
youtuber and that's just it's really
awesome like I just can't put it into
words no I'm here it feels weird yeah
cuz I I struggle because you know we
look at it we look at the camera and and
we talk to the camera and we make these
videos but it's like there's like
thousands of people that watch that
video and it's kind of surreal to me I'm
like there's more people that watch this
video that then live in my hometown
hundreds of thousands of people
sometimes like literally pretty much
every one of our videos get more views
than people live in my hometown and now
we have more subscribers right now than
people that live in the city we live in
now yeah and so seeing that it's like it
doesn't feel real to me
it doesn't feel real and I don't know
like
I don't know how do you even like to
explain how I feel about it like like I
know it's real but it's just it's hard
to see it you know just feel like you're
kind of like the cliche like the you're
not really like a country girl cuz
you're you are like a city person yeah
you don't whereas my entire family love
horseback riding and dirt roads I hate
that crap I hate that crap yeah like
when I see you you're more of like a
city person but it is that cliche of
like this person who grew up in a small
town and like yeah you know you for lack
of a better term you've made it big you
know we're so growing and whatever yeah
you know somebody who grew up in a town
700 people who has hundreds of thousands
of people that watch you I mean I
couldn't imagine like yeah it's like if
you took everybody from my hometown and
put them in one room and then you took
every one of our subscribers and put
them in and in the freaking a way into
the state yeah yeah like it's just like
it's crazy to me it's like it gets me
emotional thinking about it yeah
okay I just feel like kind of like it's
like me like people want to watch me
like you know it's just okay I just kind
of feel like undeserving of it you know
and it's kind of weird I don't know I
could get that I'm like I'm just I'm a
nobody I'm from a small town why are you
watching me you know I'm kind of one of
the things that I I struggle with but so
I don't know what else people want to
know or whatever but I feel like that's
a good general like feel for ya who you
are or who you were up until present
point but now what I want to do that
you're not ready for is a lightning
round I wanna ask you a couple questions
now just see what happens see what
what's fun here so recently up until
recently you did not like animated
videos or anything at all but recently
you started watching anime yes what
would you say are your top three animes
top three animes Ruby attack on Titan
and Death Note wow you know right now
I'm surprised with that okay so out of
those three shows give me a top three
characters out of eight out of each
shadow no just shows gosh that one's
hard that's the hard Lake from Ruby okay
it's number one oh I have to have one
two three yeah I want a matter ranked
order I can't do that I did not like
that would you rank I know me Casas got
are you wanna meet Casa push my above
Blake or below boy oh gosh I think above
Blake really yeah yeah yeah like yeah
Leah I think is up there and after we
watched the no regrets OVA so Levi me
cos I'm like oh my gosh you can't do
that I can't pick three I can't just
pick three light Mesa are they in your
top three I can't three I can't do it
alright that's my top let's just say
we'll do a top five unordered list okay
like Mesa Levi Mikasa Blake what is your
favorite song on the radio right now
favorite what about us by pink okay
yes is kind of become what here yes she
is I love her love what she liked she
gave the speech at the VMAs last year or
was it this year I don't know but it was
amazing
and she's saying what about us and it
was beautiful
well what are your top three like
artists right now they are really like
grooving to UM pink like a fire like if
I were to go grab your iPhone right now
okay post Malone pink and see artists is
hard cuz it's more songs like I listened
his songs I would say Katy Perry I
listened to a lot of Katy Perry still
yeah okay
what uh what would you say are your top
three favorite videos you've ever
reacted to um kzz uh sausage egg dag on
wish the wish Awards react
okay so is this for which channel
dependency okay for hugging uncle's TV
that one because we kind of covered the
anime already for this one's hard that's
the hard questions doing the overreacted
podcast oh gosh um can I group all the
Jollibee commercials together just pick
one pick one that had the most impact
the most impactful one to me was date
yeah so Jollibee date and I would say no
y'all gonna realize for those of you who
do not watch our YouTube channel she is
picking three videos out of almost a
thousand videos yeah that we have done
on that channel KZ Royals so - KZ oh
yeah
KC's like TV is life well for me I would
have just done like a representative
like like that one represents KZ like oh
you know what I mean like okay so maybe
not the wish one because Royals is more
to you than the no I see I can't do this
there's different categories because
like there's like a favorite ER be okay
there's women get into that yeah it's
still like I can ask you that next I
don't remember all of them to say a
favorite one
I like how you bring it up and then
you're like a Superman versus Goku
that's savage yeah that is probably the
most I think that one that one most you
yeah okay I get that
so like I think there's different
categories you know there's a favorite
er B there's a favorite there's like
five favorite wish performance okay like
which I ever wish performance KZ Royals
okay what's your favorite top
performance awesome performance um
umbrella by the Soul Sessions yes by the
hand flap that you can't hear
yes of the audio recording okay
is your favorite trying to think of what
else like different categories and
things could go into what is your
favorite non Jollibee commercial that
we've done Oh the supermodels grandma
the mom Mother's Day right that was hard
yeah if y'all haven't seen that check
that one was really really sick you
cried like a baby
I love eight days and eight minutes in
the Philippines loved that one that one
really had a really big impact on me
which video do you think you thought was
gonna be big or you wanted people to
watch that nobody watched oh my gosh our
2017 rewind I worked so hard look into
the camera I've worked so hard on that
video I literally put a week of effort
into that video collecting footage from
the last year collecting pictures
finding the perfect song putting it in
the perfect order and it literally got
like no views compared to most of our
our stuff I don't know where it's at
right it didn't get very many views and
that kind of made me sad no no listen
what is the video and you may not have
an answer for this cuz I don't think I
would have an answer for this maybe what
is the video they got the most views
that you did not expect most use that I
did not expect yeah that you were like
wow that actually like a lot of people
check that out that eight days in the
eight minutes oh wait no the top 12
Philippine like oh yeah max or whatever
that one really shocked me and um yeah I
think that one was like the biggest one
for me cuz I'm like oh wow that got a
lot you know those more like random
facts like about the Philippines or or
the eight days eight minutes were the
ones that really was like wow got more
than I thought I would if you could have
any us-based artists collaborate with
any full
artists and if y'all are wondering we
knew a lot of reactions do a lot of
videos with Filipino talent so that's
why we're very familiar with what the
artist what to would you pick oh man
pink and KZ you think that I think they
would go great because they both have
like a raspier voice you know like they
both have like that like strong voice
and I love that in both of them and I
feel like they would go really well
together pancakes or waffles waffles
bacon or sausage bacon
what kind of what's your favorite
breakfast a girl breakfast cereal honey
nut cheerios why are regular milk Oh
Chuck milk
Oh like by itself yeah I don't like
white milk so chocolate milk what is
your favorite ice cream flavor
I'm vanilla what's your favorite bedtime
snack bedtime snack the graham cracker a
graham cracker what is your favorite
food my favorite food like a favorite
like stable food like if you can only
one thing for a week chicken chicken and
chicken one brown rice like literally
even whenever I'm like not being healthy
I'll choose that I'm trying to think of
what else people wouldn't want to know
about you when we were gone for two
weeks in Illinois and we were eating out
a lot because that was like the only
option at that time I was craving
chicken and brown rice
what's an embarrassing YouTube moment
for you oh my gosh there's so many you
always make me embarrassed so there was
one time we were alive and he played a
video of me farting doing the KZ concert
do like that was like it was an outtake
and he's like everybody's gotta see this
everybody loves everybody listen
everybody let's see
so there's that one and then there was
one time where I meant to do the peace
sign and I accidentally flipped off the
camera and I was like we've got to cut
this out and he's like nope just keep
rolling with it and so that went live
and then there was of course of the face
that everybody loves you know there's
looks like meme face that I've created
from it's cream cake it's a picture of
me with no makeup on my face is like
splotchy red my hair is like it's become
a meme it's like poorly cut out PNG my
hair looks really weak it was a big
thing for like our og like our old
school YouTube fans like our friends
that would come in to livestream it was
a thing it was all about it and the
light the last thing that made me
embarrassed was hot daddy so this is the
best we had like names for like our
parents so there was like dad knuckles
mom knuckles and then I said there's
like that's his parents and then there's
because I'm hugg knuckles is my youtube
yeah and so I'm hot Sam so I was said
hot mama and hot daddy and it was just
like Danny just didn't and then as soon
as I said it I like went I'm just
kidding hot daddy that's what he's got
to do if something is said that's gonna
like that's embarrassing by me he's got
to just run it this looks fun that's
what I love about having a channel as a
couple and doing all this stuff together
especially in this podcast it's a lot of
fun we get to just have some fun
together mess around yeah
what do you regret giving up on for you
like for your YouTube you've done a lot
of different things on YouTube yeah and
there's a lot of things that you have in
mind that you've wanted to do and
haven't gone through with it I've never
even made it to YouTube what one idea
what one skill or I don't know how to
say it like what one thing that you've
wanted to make YouTube content on do you
regret not doing it that's a really hard
question cuz I can think of three right
off well which one is the one that if
you could have a channel that was doing
any one type of content makeup no
special effects again regular would be
the jingle yeah
if y'all no no Sam used to do special
effects makeup on her channel excellence
which is kind of well name shoes like
even thinking Beckett I'm like SF
excellence
it sounds cool just too long cuz like I
came up with that name right yeah and I
thought it was cool at the time but I
was like it just it's way too long it
wasn't something that was like
representative but you like it wasn't a
bad channel yeah I don't think but like
for you to reference to yourself like I
think you could have a channel stone man
scratched me and she I think it wouldn't
work that way but I just think with it
being a personal name it didn't work
yeah you know what I mean yeah no I
definitely like I've struggled with
naming a lot of different things like
I'm not good with coming up with names
for what was your favorite since you
said that's what you wish that you could
go back to doing what was your favorite
affect you ever did my favorite effect
that ever did would be the fork through
the whip I feel like it looked the most
realistic out of everything that I've
done if you could do special effects for
any movie
seen what would we do you wish it would
have been movie or TV chef I'm walking
dead walking dead sound like the Holy
Grail for makeup or my sauce yes I would
freaking love to work for walking dead
doing like zombie faces and stuff okay
actually I loved my zombie face with my
prosthetic that I made I really loved
that Oh in my gelatin horror y'all need
to go check out the hot sam channel i go
see some of the stuff she's so good up
over there yeah it's criminal how few
views so I guess at the end here
normally when we have a guest or
something I seem we'd give them a chance
to just kind of like kind of like first
we feast with okay 30 seconds like right
plug whatever and I don't know what you
plug our own stuff go follow me on
Instagram if you want to follow like our
weight loss journey because I'm gonna be
start posting like a lot of my meals
over there and and stuff that we're
doing at the gym as well I was like you
know super cute selfies and then of
course my channel like you said I have a
couple videos over there but um
youtube.com slash hot damn h.o.t PSA and
there's some end because it's basically
like hot damn and there's an N and damn
so that is why so what what do you want
to say to the people this is your chance
this was your moment to kind of talk
about you explain some of the things
just answer some random questions well
if you can say in 20 words or less as
one punch has taught us what would you
say to the fans is there anything you
want to say is there anything you want
to say about yourself is there anything
you want to get out to the people thank
you for loving me and showing me that
there's more to life than my small town
thank you for opening my eyes and making
my heart grow big literally big that's
hopefully your heart is not really not
really good also that was more than 20
words see you lose whatever you will not
be the guest next week you you were the
weakest link you are eliminated but this
duo's wrong wrong show this did go
a little over an hour but that's fine
that's good like I said we don't have a
set amount of time that this is gonna be
it'll be as long as it is as long as
it's over an hour that's my that's my
only goal as long as this is over an
hour that I will feel it is enough to
release to you if you do have questions
for next week's show for Sam to ask me
tweet them to her at hot Sampedro TTS AM
N or to the overreacting podcast twitter
at OVR
our podcast well what more stuff our
social media is pretty dead right now
because this is the first episode it's
not even been released yet what we're
recording this so we don't really have
anything on it but next week
Sam will be asking me some questions and
we'll talk about what else is in the
news and whatever is going on also I'd
like to know if you guys have any guests
in mind that you'd want to talk to you I
have a few of the YouTube channel people
that I'd like to talk to you and things
like that as well as like friends and
moderators and such how do you feel like
the first that way I feel anyone really
good I feel like I kind of loosened up
as we went along
weird yeah I feel like we should drink
like a finally a drink at the beginning
of this they could be yeah much easier
I get really caught on a red ring so I
think I'd be like I just noticed that
the audio version won't catch me winking
at the camera when she said she gets hot
but I did oh but thank y'all for
watching hopefully I can help contribute
to the podcast by giving us some
information on what you thought about it
what we can change what you want to see
in the future and Elle evolve you know
you know it'll become what it is
eventually we'll watch this back I mean
like oh my god Oh cringy was this that
was our first podcast no terrible but
thank you if you've listened or watched
or
you know whatever you do and we'll have
another one up next week we'll see you
later over reactors
