[Music]
so one sec hey everyone welcome back to
NBA KO my name is well and we are here
today to give you our impressions on or
of the battle the vs between Andrea and
Mar June on The Voice Team Philippines
this is a treat
this was definitely treat except from
the instrumental dota very very hungry
burden to carry okay QB you could tell
that it was a keyboard replay there was
this stop does make it an acapella wins
but would the singers make you forget
that instrumental because it was really
really strong how do we very strong
performances I personally think or
prefer Andrea I don't know what about
you
I did too they both have very solid
vocal woman and they both had instigate
something different it was very
different interesting but as we are
really surprised me her her control so
but yes sir vibrato is so nice and so
strong and the scales with those and she
has a really nice
yeah very interesting scale yeah a
beautiful quality to rewarding I really
enjoyed to just hear it did not do much
and sounded great
yeah and she has you know what she
belches those type of voices that come
and sometimes get away sure yeah but it
didn't bother me out yeah that's true
usually it bothers me but you like it
wasn't terrible that wasn't painful sure
yeah nice and gloomier sharp young and
she used a full said it was well it was
beautiful I was taught and creative
original just a beautiful beautiful rich
and yeah so it was surprising that they
went with emergence but I think they
went with him because he was little more
emotion he said I mean you did have a
little luck feeling it yeah yes yeah but
it looks for people oh you work for for
teenagers swallow and all the is live in
the room I guess is because in their
book why can't you have been here I
think it because in that period where
the vocals change on the beaver T
everybody from being came so close
Cubert izing no no no I didn't do it
there but I'm thinking he's in that
transition period Oh what happens during
puberty your voice does that a lot
it drops yeah drop but its cracks yeah
because it's a transition but when it
transitioned its helices its
transmission losses I loved it I'm not
making fun of them just up just is funny
but I loved it
methyl oh you know you know I was not
expecting this because I've seen a few
teams not just boys yeah the boys not
just Philippines but and they did not
impress me much because I wasn't excited
when you said we're gonna react to the
voice King is all like Oh again but boy
you're pitchy children yeah but he'll
and we really impressed pleasantly
surprised the man Andrea and like yeah I
like yeah it's changed knock on it but
yeah I mean like hopefully she will be
filmed and after the thing on stage and
shows and stuff like that yeah well I
know her career is not going to end here
and no rarely does not like this would
be I don't actually it might be
interesting to react to also her
introduction to the voice when they had
their chairs turn yeah go check it out
see how she Walton why the chosen planet
maybe a larger margin but yeah he had
except for his beautiful deep voice and
and I guess you know it was you that he
put into shame laying the ring he has
nice power bro yeah forgive my surprise
but we didn't do enough yeah you hand
out many wasn't creatively low in my
opinion yeah I fell a sheet over power
him Oh
she clearly out shown hand and I was
like if he had pushed a little more yeah
he didn't control the song enough I get
their that their criterias the judges
because yes I can tell that she did not
put as much maybe I don't know because I
thought somebody had told us that in the
Philippines is not as important well
maybe they're making it yes well anyway
you good I'm good
two excellent singers wonderful both
well deserves where my arrows will swim
so yeah so if you want to watch our
reaction video click on the book that
will be here very soon we me and if you
have things to add comments questions
etc about Andrea and amount of shows
performance let us know in the comment
section below
you gotta know because I forgot to say
through their Battle of Halloween oh
well too late resin overcome section
below
before I go please click on the like
button look before you go maybe I should
say this in 2009 we didn't get to go
about getting him a nickel ding default
girl cannot stop its humble manga and
it's done often it's cute and I think
you know I never see them pretty well
one below okay yeah before I go
inside on the like button and subscribe
to me the game uses you haven't all
ready with less than every part of this
in the community we have fun together
and if you're part of the community when
I mean so number four you know go really
appreciate you being here along for the
ride thanks for watching another MV and
echo impressions video and you can watch
the thoughts of the reaction the
reaction video if you haven't watched it
already take care of yourself we'll see
you soon maraming salamat oh yeah yeah
yeah
[Music]
