yes no no no no no lot of people
welcome to reaction the best guy I'm red
guy can be reacting to black things come
back music video and it's your last as
you can tell this is not my regular
background I'm actually a bit con right
now that's why it took me a while you
know to get this video out it's almost
3:00 a.m. twenty-five hours after the
music video which really actually was a
way when they were to leave without you
know going to bed already - no I sponsor
song but I didn't homage to at all cuz I
want to be surprised I was also speaking
on in fanboy when I saw the teaser and
when I saw the minute I was out like I
was like just yelling I was just like no
via the time has come
always offered and you here's my
reaction to black/pink new music video
as you can tell and let's watch it like
being so much all right let's do this
oh my gosh like that I chant like I'm
making lots of teasers right now I can't
press this button I don't know I'm
freaking I don't know I'm freaking out
right now calm down calm down
get it together get it together I don't
know what this means
because no no no no no no no no where's
Jenny Jenny Jenny Lisa what's happening
what's happening with us
Oh No Oh super awesome they're just very
old school girls and QC is it like
school time in Korea right now or Japan
that's why they're just a little
schoolgirl because price it is doing the
same thing with signal where they just
up as you know school drug - oh my gosh
Rose day with black hair oh my gosh the
natural hair color she was so good like
it looked so different but she looks
like a movie star now instead of like a
pop star no no no oh my god it is up
it's really a new sound from there but I
like that they're giving us like
different sound every like song that
they um release - Lisa wind redhead
this is all in English so I'm shaking I
don't I don't know what what's happening
right now I like that it put up it's a
bomb but it's not like if you know how
boom by out goes Horace this is like it
doesn't go as hard as boom by us but
it's so it's so a good song rocket I
could picture this like at a club
somewhere in Korea I've never been but
no Lisa is wearing that those $2,000
boots each like oh my gosh they're rich
why she is so rich showing us I can't no
I don't know I'm getting tired I don't
know like I can't handle this music
video no she's on the floor again it's
not like where she lives like she's
always on the floor roses always on the
floor we're good I don't know this movie
makes me happy it's so summery it's a
whole different concept from square one
and square - they're keeping that black
pink contrast where it's cutesy or you
know there's a cute concept or a sweet
concept and there's the edgy concept to
them like I liked it I loved I loved the
music and I'm gonna watch it again hold
on no ok ok I'm gonna watch it after
that after I make this video I actually
thought that they were gonna release two
music videos because you know for square
one and threat to their you pee mini
album they released two songs every time
and two music videos every time this
time they're only releasing one thing
mini-video so I don't know if they're
gonna release another music video like
maybe like a Parisian hour a month or
not too much but not about 94 obviously
I need more black pink in my life I
already bought this long and I'm glad
that I bought the song at everything
like I've been waiting for one like
seven months I've been listening to
their music most every day actually this
music video the song title really fits
the Bible the music video as if it's
your last like it has that feeling that
like I don't know like then it is this
distant instant and an insistence in and
then and I think that's how it goes it's
not first time every bit so I don't know
if I'm wrong I feel like if I listen to
this while I'm doing my run or while I'm
lifting weights on that gym I could feel
a little bit more motivated
it just has got my I have got Miriam and
clearly knows that I feel I can just go
on and on and talk about this music
video but you know what that's how the
discussion and the comment section down
below let's talk about this music video
Cara I'm going to give this music video
of five out of five it gave me
everything that I needed tonight is 3
a.m. or 3 a.m. but it gave me everything
I don't know if I'm going to be able to
sleep right now I'm gonna watch it in
the middle probably like 4 to 5 times
before I sleep I can picture myself
being a break being a black pig stand
for a long time
they're my number one group right now I
really hope when they start touring the
world I can be there to watch them
because I would pay to go see black bean
I keep rambling I added all I'm super
excited for them a super excited for
their future and black pink is
definitely in my area maybe guess what's
for watching enjoy a video simply
collect and preserve examples on the
kitchen counter low do you think this is
like get to work at hospitals every week
action all my soldiers given for them
check out my adventures I also have a
new channel this video where I give you
a hand in living close together next
video alright please
