and the Knights we are on our way to
enchanted kingdom and I'm a little bit
scared we're not too far from my condo
but we are all going down a path that
I've never been on and and Steph has
left us oh no next clip
and tonight so we are here at enchanted
kingdom we have a step we have a Kris we
have a mission we have a cube I wanted
to introduce you to this guy this guy
right I don't know his name but he is
some kind of like jolly wizard I just
want to put my hand right in his mouth
next clip
and tonight's it is selfie time
everybody seems to be taking selfies now
that we're here all my goodness I wish I
had my 360 camera with me of course I
would have to make a whole different
video for that but if I could just give
you a look around it is so Rio de Paul
and pretty they are so cool let's
explore a bit next clip
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
please remain seated
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Anthony I am standing in line waiting
for bumper cars I'm not yet four
I'm a pretty big boy but looking at all
of the cars and everything it explains
so much about Manila traffic next clip
[Music]
[Applause]
and tonight's I'm in an interesting
place where for a hundred and fifty peso
roughly three US dollars I ain't allowed
to get blown dry this is what's called a
dryer or a magic dryer organ is that I
can't I can't quite read that but this
thing is going to like start blowing air
at me in all directions and it's good
for like three minutes maybe four
minutes I forget which I haven't
actually been on a wet ride and but I am
sweaty as all heck flimsy magnets right
out
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and the Knights let me tell you about my
night right now I am sitting on a
mechanical dog that is kind of like one
of those children's things but oddly
enough it's one of the few rides here
that will fit my big self on it I am a
big boy I've been a big boy most of my
life it wasn't a shock to me that some
of the places here simply aren't going
to fit me but it was nice to find out
that some of them did like for instance
I was able to do that ride where you
like do this like in a u-shape like on a
boat I was able to do a few others I
tried to do the one that drops you but
sadly that one that one didn't fit me oh
there was this one really good thing
like an experienced thing and that was
really cool because it was it was kind
of like I kind of felt like it was maybe
propagandas not the right word but
definitely inspired by the Philippine
tourists association like one of the
best ways that I've ever seen that sort
of done it was amazing essentially what
they did was they like had these chairs
that moved in like they sprayed like
stuff in your face it was an awesome
experience I won't give too much away
they actually made me give up my camera
and all that stuff so that I wouldn't be
filming I'm so glad that I did it
wonderful experience especially if
you're one of those people who likes to
watch vlogs with drawing shops and
things like that breathtaking and it's
all about the Philippines and how you
can make a difference if you just try so
I'm I'm out of I'm out of quarters so I
have to hold on
we should start moving here any there no
that's actually to sort of simulate you
being an Aguila or eagle in fact that's
the name of the experience the Aguila
experience so it makes you feel like
you're an eagle sort of soaring through
different parts of the Philippines
through different ravines seeing all
kinds of different things
it's our sermon what little footage I do
have I got footage oh my god this is so
cool I got footage of an eagle dancing
outside of the acolyte experience along
with some guys that I don't know a lot
about this but they kind of these other
guys that they're the backup dancers
kind of look like bird person from Rick
and Morty so that was freaking cool and
just so much right now I'm actually
outside of the log jam thing waiting for
staff and careers in them because I
probably would have fit on it is it if I
stopped moving I'm sure I would have fit
on this one but I'm already drenched in
sweat I'm I've just bought I'm exhausted
I've had so much fun it doesn't change
the fact that I think I'm about done for
the evening just got done at NJ Kingdom
pen now before I go and pass out now I
get to start night one-carbon Coco let's
let's do this you may be able to see up
there I have the instructions written so
I don't forget though
are you wondering why I have a pink comb
I think my mom left it when she was
you're missing something I don't know
well I gotta figure out how this stuff
works tell them that fun don't forget to
Like subscribe with Auto shrink oh my
god I'll bro they got for your trouble
an amazing billing car
thank you so much for joining me on
today's story on my kwinto be sure to
check out one or more of the things on
screen now that'll lead you know even
more stuff because it's awesome
all right next blog
[Music]
