what's up you guys this is Gabe and in
this video we are eating at big boys
Filipino restaurant Thank You first kill
so we we kind of found this place online
and a friend kind of recommended in to
us there's there's not a lot of Filipino
restaurants where we lived I kind of
looked at the pictures and it looks
really good like some of the dishes here
like they serve the classic Filipino
like flavors like sisig and adobo but it
seems like kind of a Hawaiian fusion
from what we read right right I'm super
excited and we I think what we have seen
from them they had a food truck at an
event or something right and so we've
seen pictures of their food truck and
their food truck food we've followed we
follow them on social media we're just
like drool every time they buy oh it
looks so good like I mean just the way
the food is like setup and everything
and like just reading the different like
flavor combinations they like they like
use I'm really excited to try to you
know we thought that it was a food truck
location that they have here in Seattle
area but we just pulled in and there's
actually like a restaurant so I'm kind
of stoked like yeah I don't have to
stand out in the rain those weird days
in Seattle where it's like raining but
it's like sunny - you know what I'm
talking about so it's like it's just
raining it's a little funny
okay so Kayla are you ready to try this
we'll see we're gonna order and we're
gonna eat it
so I'm so beyond ready like I haven't
eaten all day
I'm not very good preparing for this so
yeah those are Filipino food too so okay
let's go
[Music]
oh this place is so cool okay yeah does
this make Kayla wishes yeah sorry here
more WC prizes Alec was my nose
[Music]
okay kill so I have these in my house
for some reason I don't know that I
don't know just traditional and like
Philippines or something like that but
have you ever seen these before no what
do you think they are first of all it
wasn't like sauce are like something
effort I'm here they're on every single
table let's lift up the barrel and check
you sneak off the barrel yeah all right
Kayla that place was super like legit
inside it was like very Hawaiian feel
but you know the men you just see the
menu so many like Filipino
like everything was just Filipino fusion
the girl said you know the three things
were pretty popular that we got so let's
just go ahead and get right into it yes
start we ordered three things this like
that's you there big portions of what
Hawaiians eat a lot okay this first okay
these are way bigger than I thought
these are way bigger than I thought look
at this this is ridiculous so the first
thing we're gonna get to is the
appetizer and the gal you can just see
cuz the the vibe in there like everybody
could write on the wall and you can just
tell by like the writing on the wall
like what was the most popular dish and
like this was written on the wall a lot
so yeah what do we go ahead and tell
what we got here well I don't remember
the menu said but this is pork sisig see
this yeah this is c6 fries so you know
you got a little bit of cheese you know
the pork with the potatoes and just a
little bit of sauce
it all right so I'm gonna open this up
look at that the threat the presentation
is just ridiculous on this this looks so
good it looks so good I don't know I
don't know if you guys can see like
these are like fries with like pieces of
the pork
so go ahead Kayla ladies first go ahead
and take the first bite of the C cig
fries everything go ahead oh yeah all
the flavors like just harmonized
together so you got to make sure at
least get some seasick
that whoo the toppings falling off
pieces look like the pieces
yeah these are what you call loaded
fries okay yeah
is that us is it a sour cream or what is
it I don't even I don't know that is so
good is it do you taste though
what do you taste what stands out the
most
it's like really salty yeah does that
like we're gonna need these napkins the
pork is definitely salty you can see
like there's seasoning on the pork
there's a lot of seasoning on it and
what is these eggs it's poor its poor it
it's like it's so good you can just
taste the seasoning
so like you I want a bite of everything
yeah I'm going I'm going too hard you
bite right here this is this is this is
like a this is like a mouthful right
here right so this is the tomato
everything on it
Maui's chowing down napkin and so it has
like nacho cheese sauce on it too so you
can kind of taste the spice from that a
little bit that's super good
like you already have these like I don't
know if you call them waffle fries but
they're like these big round fries it
has evening on them it's super good all
right there's a little guacamole I've
never put anything like that in my mouth
before like that
the sisig is definitely the star like if
go ahead and taste this e-cig like
separately it's like it's like a fusion
you know it tastes you know you get the
it eats like loaded nachos or something
like that like loaded waffle fries but
like you can definitely taste the
Filipino like influence on there so I
need another bite of that
I need another bite of that like I can I
can call this whole thing up
oh my goodness Kayla this is ridiculous
it's really good I feel like oh I feel
like I just wanna like there you go
yeah but you can see but I did not know
that there was camouflage with the sauce
there's a plate on top that's cool is it
a yolk is it a full yolk I think it's
favorite part I do it do it you ready I
already know what you're gonna do get
that yolk drizzle oh my god now you have
to take a bite with the yolk
I can't even you just I love egg yolk
you have to take a bite with the yolk
okay gotta get this e-cig okay this can
be harder than it looked it's just so
much food okay okay don't spill I'm sure
I'm trying I have like a little bit of
everything
oh okay I love everything under cleaning
this carcass both Wow
does it totally transform it it is so
good
can I can heal us scoop me up a little
bite there are teas you don't if you
don't mind
you gotta get that yolk okay I'm trying
to get like three teeth egg as long as I
get some yogurt since ecig I'm good
maybe a little bit of avocado in there
little guacamole
yeah okay okay here's like a little bit
about that is so good I can't I can't
that's so good like just like the
richness of the yolk I mean it's it's
already Wow and don't get me wrong I
like a really rich stuff but the
richness of the yolk just adds a whole
nother like layer layer to the bite you
know I'm fine with just eating this for
real like I always don't I always don't
want to move on to the next one because
this just sets such a high bar thank you
for reminding me we need to see what
else we have so we're getting back to
that okay so the next thing we have here
is this is the adobo moco
I'm guessing obviously adobo Filipino so
I'm guessing it's a little play on the
local mocha which is a Hawaiian dish I
went to school in Las Vegas and in Las
Vegas there's just like a ton of
Hawaiian people I think they call it
like the ninth Islander I don't know
however many islands are on Hawaii but
the Hawaiians are well represented in
Las Vegas and I just I was friends with
a lot of Hawaiians so we always like
just pig out on local moco spam musubi
so this fusion will be interesting it's
the adobo moco
I'm Way too excited the thing about
Hawaiians their portion sizes are insane
go ahead okay bigger than our faces
I can't even so I don't even know I
don't know what is it but I think this
is like an egg it's gotta be pork ribs
like chicken oh you know okay so I see I
see a bay leaf in here yeah okay I think
I read I remember reading on the on the
menu that the gravy was adobo gravy okay
so I think that's where the adobo is and
then we have an egg on top I'm just
gonna
a sickness foresight classic loco moco
and then we have the rice yep on the
bottom and I am NOT I'm not quite sure
what these are but I feel like we should
try one but so this looks like almost
looks like a tempura batter or something
yeah that is you know man you've been
looking you've been learning from eating
all this Asian food sounds like adobo
you try one okay it looks like it has
like a seasoning on it okay yeah ready
three two one mmm it's chicken chicken
mm-hmm you see now how to try it with
sauce let me dip it in that's like adobo
seasoning in the batter so did the adobo
gravy in it too good mmm that's gonna be
good as like a unified bite I already
know is gonna be good so I feel like
should I break the yolk or break the
yolk was breaking on the olace but let's
be honest breaking the yolk is like the
funnest part so okay yolk break grab it
nice I actually think we should mix this
we should give this a good little mix
and like yeah get everything in there
you want me to do it or you want to do
it yeah you do it yeah
we're going to hollow hollow we're going
to ha I'm going to hollow hollow on this
dish right here and fast forward all
right guys that's a good good little mix
right there so now we now the bite you
know will be a little bit more okay
gotta get a little bit of tempura
chicken a little bit of rice a little
bit of egg a little bit about doable
great a little bit of a double gravy
okay so the chicken is kind of just too
big so I'm gonna just rip off a piece
right here there you go all right y'all
a huddle of it okay here it is this this
is a winner right here okay you ready
for this girl yep lean in
tell me what you're feeling right now Oh
oh my goodness
like I'm feeling you yeah sorry I think
man it's just the different textures
like that yeah softness of the egg and
then the rice and then the the crispness
of the the chicken I mean you know adobo
you cannot go wrong with adobo adobo is
like it's just such like a nostalgic
flavor for me that oh man just all the
combinations it's really good I don't
even know what to say girl you did you
dip that thing nothing is that sauce
right right it's so good so that is so
good there's no little piece of chicken
I know you gotta like tear the chicken
apart here I get I got an idea I'll just
call I guess do you think anything for
your bib okay
soy sauce just goes good with everything
soy sauce and garlic Cheers
and we got the garlic fried rice with
this so it was kind of minimum it was
kind of an upgrade but yeah that's
that's so good that is so good you guys
the garlic rice so good okay last thing
that we got this is crazy this is like a
crazy experimentation like Frankenstein
twist like dish so of course we had a
safe dessert for last right so go ahead
so we ordered an ube waffle Nancy it
smells really smell that ha smells like
vanilla goodness okay I like that how
the menu said like ube it's like
something sent from the heavens above
did you read that yes okay so you can
just I just want you to see like the
texture in this yeah
Oh purple is y'all purple that is
delicious
okay speaking of purple so what what's
the other component basically what goes
on top of this waffle is like a hollow
hollow icecream
hallo hallo ube ice cream and check
check that out you got the beads you got
the nacho de cocoa and then of course
you got the coconut shavings all right
so let's go ahead I don't know if you
want to taste it separately here so you
can kind of see like everything that's
in here it's like hey then that purple
shines that purple shines can I get a
little yeah let me just taste it
separately everything is sweety goodness
and that's gonna be delicious with a
waffle I'm calling it right now YUM okay
go ahead and spread it on top just like
in like me just pour it on top and then
all right Kayla so I don't know how
we're gonna attack this or anything like
that I don't know if we should just use
our hands but like this is like a
combination of like two delicious like
desserts I know okay so I'm just gonna
straight-up use filipino chopsticks here
with aka my hands with the fork and just
like rip you off a piece here okay oh
the waffle so warm I got a bead on here
the Nats of the cocoa the move a ice
cream and that would be a waffle okay
you want me to feed you up there it is
sure okay three two uh you're open wide
you got two you got a little bit of ice
cream on yours okay how is it
the waffles like super chewy
it seems like it's super chewy um that
was that's really good
it was super cold when you first put it
in my mouth right um I got like a big
bite of ice cream right but that warm
waffle on the bottom so good and get off
I feel like this ice is not like every
oh there you go here's my I got I think
I got a bead in here mostly ice cream
let me get some that's heavy cocoa here
just for that just for that gel
eNOS okay see that got a little bit of a
jelly oh good that's really interesting
it is I just want like a little piece of
just the waffle yeah
mmm that waffle by itself is so bad it
is like truly just a combination of like
a breakfast dessert like you know
nothing gets more breakfast like a
waffle and then when you combine the ice
cream with all those other components of
like the hollow hollow mix like dude
that is that is the truth next time
we'll bring a knife but I think like
what you said I think the best part for
me and I'd like this with any kind of
dessert like this is the temperature
difference really hot in the cold you
know so what was your favorite out of
everything okay you go first cuz I can't
even think they were all so good I have
to go I don't know I have to say the
fries I feel like the fries are my
number one but everything like the other
two come in a very close second like I
am awestruck yeah why have we not come
here soon I don't know like ever
everybody needs to go here everybody
needs to come too big boys I feel like
my favorite I honestly I think I like
the ube waffle ice cream rollin holoholo
yeah I just it just it just like hit on
so many levels like it kind of
everything across the board taste
texture
I just creativity like like it's it's
crazy I've never ate anything like that
before
that was that was insane so I don't know
I mean I'm all about I'm all about that
egg like I'm diggin I'm diggin the egg
and when we were eating the fries and
then the egg popped up I was like all
right like really knew I knew from that
once you broke once you broke the yo-yo
is it was over so they have a lot of
different I mean we just
they have like 20 different Filipino
fusion like ditches so we'll have to go
back here again thanks again for
watching and coming with us two big boys
if you guys
want us to try more dishes here leave it
in the comments below we'll also leave a
link to the restaurant you can kind of
tell us what to try I don't know yeah
definitely check them out don't forget
to like this video let us know if
there's anything else in Seattle area
that you want us to check out and the
other Filipino restaurants and eat just
anything anything that you want us to
anything that you want us to vlog let us
know leaving a comment down below and
don't forget to subscribe bye
[Music]
