and tonight and yes that is supposed to
be an the night as in like the followers
of Anthony
someone in their comments recently
thought that that was supposed to be and
tonight which kind of makes sense
because a lot of my videos have been at
night time over the past couple of weeks
or month or so so okay so here is the
deal I will probably not be saying mixed
clip on this video because I'm going to
try to do it in as few cuts as possible
for many reasons one to give my editor a
break so those of you who don't know I
have recently brought together a team to
help me with this channel so that I can
focus more on my day job as well as
focus a little bit more on the business
end of running this channel and that
might sound a little bit strange to you
but there is a lot of business end that
has to be done everything from dealing
with the analytics to also contacting
certain area companies and entities and
people to see if they will want to do
something with the channel or with me or
whatever so yeah that is these couple of
people that I brought on are going to
help with that so for those of you who
might think that I'm just some weird
Western American type person who isn't
helping create jobs created to so far
directly and I also work for a company
who's created about a hundred more so so
in addition to all that sorry weird
tangent now I wanted to talk to you
about the fact I'm going to VidCon 2017
VidCon is a convention that was started
by Hank and John Green on YouTube and
basically it's for YouTube creators here
on the platform who are doing things
that are awesome you get some great way
to meet your favorite creators meet up
with other creators in a way to
potentially collaborate and to work
together and to do all kinds of stuff
but also a great place to go to get
advice they have different kinds of
talks they have different kinds of like
workshops where you can learn different
things about the way that social media
and YouTube in general work and you can
also learn about like emerging markets
and things like that so that's a thing
and you should if you have the ability
you should definitely go or you should
at least look up stuff on YouTube about
past vid guns because some of it is very
very valuable anyways let me digress
alright so I'm going to VidCon and I'm
going to VidCon primarily before work
now for those who don't know the company
that I work for helps youtubers and
teaches them how to make more money on
YouTube and to turn YouTube into a
part-time and/or full-time job that is
what we do we also help them out with
other various things such as we help
them out to get like sponsorships we
help them to get access to music to use
in vlogs we help them to get we help to
exact I can't talk we hope to get them
access to all kinds of things that are
really useful for you servers we also
help connect them in like a social
network type way and that's a lot of
what VidCon is is it's helping people
form connections and that's one of the
things that I'm going to go there to do
for the company is get a lot of
connections that I can then you know
read dole back out if I you know come
across somebody who really just needs a
let's say a really nice artist and then
the artist over here and a youtuber here
or youtuber artist who needs a little
bit of exposure put those two together
and it helps everybody in the long run
because this person gets what they need
this person gets promotion and it works
anyways I don't normally condone that
because there are a lot of artists out
there who are past the point where they
all they need is promotion and I don't
really think that everyone should work
for free forever because that's just not
the way it works however there is
something to be said for certain types
of collaboration and things like that
sorry I'm getting off topic again I'm
going to Anaheim California and
Northwest Alabama Anaheim California for
VidCon where I'm going to meet a bunch
of youtubers I've met several youtubers
in the past by going to this I've done a
whole lot over the past few years but
last year was my first VidCon and that
paid off very nicely for us as a company
and for me personally I gained a lot of
insight and things like that but I'm
curious what you want to see me do last
year I met boogie2988 which is a rather
large youtuber here on the platform I
also met um you know like who else deny
me um all kinds all kinds of youtubers
who I just had a blast with and who were
awesome people like CaptainSparklez and
and whatnot and I get to just about
every week I get to work with someone
here locally who's really blown up the
local gaming who is a pretty cool guy
you seem fine I have to say so but it's
a little bit harder to judge there
because it's a work relationship maybe
he's really not a cool guy or no he
totally is I'm only kidding anyway
moving on from that and then I'm going
to go to Northwest Alabama which I will
be vlogging of course as well or no in
these two locations what you want to see
what you want to see me do what you want
to see me experience um one thing that I
would love to do while I'm there is go
wall climbing with my brother I may not
look like it but I do enjoy wall
climbing and that's something that I
would very much like to do with my
brother so I know I'm probably stuffing
the valet box a little bit there but uh
so if you could you know let me know in
the comment section down below to go
wall climbing with my brother that'd be
awesome also in addition I wanted to say
that I am currently looking at some
camera options
my roommate tonight is getting a DJI
Osmo I almost went with him to go pick
it up but
other stuff came up so I wasn't able to
go do that but I will be able to play
with his camera this week and I will be
able to see if it's something that suits
my needs now if you've ever watched my
vlogs and you've gotten kind of a little
bit motion sick from watching you know
the camera moves too fast or too much a
lot of that has to do with the rolling
image sensor in the camera not handling
motion the quick motion too well
perspective shakes and things like that
and I do apologize about that that's
something I'm looking into now I do have
this now this is a is a some people call
it a monopod some people call it a
selfie stick I like to think of it as
like like a self-reliance utensil
because rather than being ideal will you
hold my camera I get to just do this
it's kind of cool anyway this is a great
tool but it is not enough for what it is
I want to do and what I wanted is I want
to do with this channel so I may be
making that investment in that now
that's definitely what you want to call
an investment because that would cost me
more than this particular channels ever
made ever but I do have the faith that
that will keep a lot more people
watching over the long run and help me
get a lot more interesting shots and in
general just help me keep things simple
one of the things with vlogging for me
is that I like to keep things simple
that's why I use for those of you don't
know my my smartphone to do my filming
on the rolling image sensor is a little
bit of a cutback but it does give you a
decent image quality with a decent
number of megapixels and all that stuff
so me it's weird but the trade-off is
worth it in my eyes for most
applications however now that I'm being
a little bit more active with the camera
it's starting to show its limitations so
that's what I'm looking at the DJI Osmo
if you have any experience with the DJI
Osmo let me know in the comment section
down below and I will yeah like you know
that stuff like you know take a look at
everything anyway ah let's see what else
oh my goodness I feel like I have so
much more to tell you I don't know if
I've mentioned my editor but if I
haven't if I have please forgive me if I
haven't please go check out his channel
it's in my end cards and my editor does
all kinds of stuff for me moment he he
edits for me but I mean more than that
he's also sort of become kind of a
little he's got a little bit of creative
control as well so a lot of the things
that you see that are added in post
those are his ideas and I appreciate
that very much and his name actually I
don't know if I should say his name but
his channel will be linked in the
endcard and potentially down there into
the description please go check him out
he is awesome and I've also got somebody
helping me out with like contacting
businesses to see if we can vlog in
their place for a long time I've kind of
gone with the idea that if for someone
to have a problem with me filming they'd
have to catch me but there are other
ways to go about it such as contacting a
place and saying hey look I'm a vlogger
I would like to do this is it okay if I
come in on Thursday or whatever day and
they're helping me with that so that I
can instead of sneaking shots get really
good shots and even maybe talk to people
behind the scenes find out how things
work how things operate I would love to
do that like there I mean it may sound
kind of weird but um like I went to a
place called Genki sushi a couple of
weeks ago I think it was released more
recently but the actual thing was a
couple of weeks ago and I would have
loved to go in the kitchen and kind of
get a tour around and see how things
worked and all that stuff but because I
was sneaking around and getting footage
the way I shouldn't have been I wasn't
able to do that
also one thing you may notice is that I
am going to try to stop doing vlogs and
things about food because it seems that
people have this idea that I just sit
around heat all day which is not the
case actually after my health scare
which was again a while ago but very
recently released the deal with that is
I am trying to lose weight I've been
walking flushed jogging for like 45
minutes a day
I've been reducing my number of calories
and all that stuff and I mean Italy I
don't want to bore you with the details
but pretty much I am trying to make sure
that I am around for a good long time to
do a lot of vlogs some of that I
wouldn't mind doing with you if you if
you would be interested in seeing some
like fitness workout vlogs let me know
in the comment section down below also I
know as soon as I opened myself up to
that a lot of people are going to be
like oh yeah well he's not doing those
push-ups right uh-huh you should be
doing them this other way but that's
okay like that gotten feedback and you
know some people look at that as like
trolling I look at it as like an
exercise in creative friendliness how
friendly can I be you know and yeah and
when it comes to that like some people
look at it they see it as trolling other
people you know they don't I'm one of
those people who I don't really look at
much of anything as trolling anymore
because I've seen so many conversations
evolve to the point where it's like you
know something that I would think would
be 110 percent trolling it turns out the
person on the other end had really good
intentions but they just maybe put
things a little bit too bluntly or or
they maybe didn't mean it that way or
maybe they did in the moment because
they were having a bad moment I dunno
wow I'm rambling while I'm on the ramble
I might
go ahead and welcome again did I marry
welcome you I don't know
welcome to all the people who have
joined in the past two or three weeks or
so I appreciate you coming out and to
this channel and watching on a regular
basis I appreciate all of you who are
coming back vlog after vlog day after
day actually no I'm only releasing like
two or three times a week so you know
blog after vlog time after time coming
back and seeing all of this content I
appreciate it
the people in my life appreciate it it
gives them something to do and something
to talk about I can't tell you the
number of times that I've had people
come up to me and say things like you
know in your video and I'm like we're
true or you know that person in your
comments said the grass is blue but it's
really green like I'm like okay go go
for it with them about that so you've
made my life so much more interesting
and I'd like to say thank you so much
it's not very often that a channel
doubles in size in such a short amount
of time so I appreciate it and I just
again you know I should probably stop
saying I appreciate it I'm sure you get
the idea by now I totally freaking
appreciate it thank you anyway so
Wow what else what else can I tell you
um-hmm let me know in the comment
section down below what kind of
television or TV or movies you've been
watching lately because I don't know
like I I know what I've been watching
maybe if enough people have a similar
vibe for TV or movies maybe I will start
sort of talking about those maybe just
kind of doing references if we happen to
watch the same stuff I don't know anyway
till next time don't forget to like
subscribe and do all those things that
make me love my job also be awesome to
yourself and amazing to each other also
sorry about the ran brand
[Music]
