we have over 10,000 new cases 102
thousand total tested positive 14000
hospitalized the frontline battle is in
the health care system
a deadly pandemic has cut a swathe
through America's biggest city and
Filipino nurses are in the heart of the
battle Filipino nurses are very friendly
you were very caring 150,000 nurses from
the Philippines make up the largest
foreign contingent of health care
workers in the United States but for
some the American Dream has become more
like a nightmare it's like you're going
to the war zone every time you work and
the pandemic is just the latest
challenge they're facing false promises
of where to work
false promises of being paid prevailing
wage false promises of working
conditions 101 east meets the Filipinos
saving American lives
[Music]
it's so eerie because nobody goes out
now so the streets are so quiet all you
hear are thus just sirens the ambulance
Lera Catalan is a nurse at New York's
Cola
rehabilitation and nursing care center
[Music]
it's America's largest long-term care
facility Lyra's lived in New York for
eight years in March she was meant to be
visiting family back in the Philippines
but when the pandemic hit Lyra was stuck
in her New York apartment instead when
she started getting alarming messages
from colleagues this is the cheap stuff
and we had to treat people that are
contaminated
we coronavirus and this is how we expose
ourselves and take a lot of chances
every day I would hear a lot of things
from the hospital so I was scared for
myself I don't want to be part of the
statistics I don't want to die I mean my
kids don't need me Cola has denied any
lack of protective equipment for its
staff but Lyra was still worried enough
to take matters into her own hands
raising money on social media for extra
protection we were able to raise 1,600
something and I bought face shields and
n95 masks to give out to my co-workers
in the unit I work with armed with her
supplies Lyra returned to the job she
loves caring for patients
in our PPE she also keeps photos from
the life she left behind that's so my
team in Giovanni back Lyra was a senior
bank manager in the Philippines before
retraining as a nurse in order to move
to the US she'd set her sights on
providing a better life for her family
even though it meant leaving her three
children behind with her mother my
ex-husband was here already in 2005 so
the plan was to migrate with the kids if
I am I great as a banker it would be
hard for me to work here but if I'm a
nurse it would be easier Lyra found two
nursing jobs in New York and began
working up to 17 hours a day her two
sons have since joined her and she's
desperate to protect them from the virus
when I go home I already take off my
scrubs actually in the parking lot I
already take it off I don't care if
somebody seems to me no matter how many
precautions she takes nursing in New
York is now filled with anxiety Lera
says when she had to pursue one of her
dementia patients into a covert
contaminated ward she forgot to put on
protective gear I was exposed like maybe
two minutes or three minutes inside so
I'm kind of paranoid that's why I had
myself tested yesterday
there's test results came back negative
but showed she had already been infected
earlier while she had no symptoms her
friend Jemma wasn't so lucky
when I had that fever four to three days
I went to the hospital
Gemma Pena Florida blackness another
Filipino nurse works on a covert
nineteen ward at Elmhurst Hospital in
needs it's in one of the poorest and
most ethnically diverse areas of the
city
and it's been the epicenter of the
pandemic in New York Gemma and her
family lived near the hospital
for the past three months death has been
all around there was no testing for
stuff and simply getting tested for the
virus wasn't easy it was raining that
day and a line for the testing is so
long soda supervisor told me just go
home because you might get much sicker
if you wait for your turn to be tested
Gemma was feverish and sick for two
weeks it was kind of 19 and how did you
feel I was so scared I was so scared
thinking that my family was with me in
the apartment and we don't have that PPE
and the apartment is just like a
two-bedroom apartment it's it's small
you know so I stayed in the room and my
husband was the one taking care of me
like his he's bringing everything that I
need in the room and my children were
instructed to just stay in another room
okay man okay now
her friends in the Filipino community
life Jason Pacheco were worried about
moles and her health she wasn't sure
whether or not she was going to get paid
for her sick days or the days that she
was in quarantine
Jason knew Jenna before she came to the
US she nursed his dying father back in
the Philippines and they've remained
close ever since pero
ghovat barrini when he heard Gemma was
sick Jason also organized a fundraiser
to help cover her expenses this sort of
heroism like I can't do what they're
doing out there in the front lines and
having a face that I could put in front
of all the news and the heroism that you
hear I just had to do something
it was so kind of him to do that Jenna
and her husband Mark were thrilled when
they moved here three years ago I just
saw New York like in the magazine and in
the movies but when I got here it feels
so amazing that I I was really in New
York like when I got a picture of me in
front of the Empire State Building I
feel like this is it I would read him
the Buddhist yeah
even so the covert 19 crisis in New York
made them question their decision to
move here I was scared to go back to
work actually I was thinking of
resigning because you know having this
experience of coronavirus is a very
traumatic but Gemma's brush with the
fires has now made her even more
determined to help others it has
impacted a lot because you know nothing
Wentworth is important example life so I
have to take care of my patients because
having this experience I know how they
feel it really gives me the courage to
really look after them and take care of
them
Filipino nurses characteristics of being
industrious very polite very dedicated
and committed to their work later Felix
Dorado is the executive director of the
Philippine Nurses Association of America
and a professor of Nursing at William
Paterson University
he says the Philippines deep commitment
to the profession began over a hundred
years ago during the u.s. occupation at
that time there were many soldiers
American soldiers in the Philippines and
they started training Philippine IRS's
to take care of the u.s. soldiers after
World War two the system intensified as
the Americans set up more training
programs and a new visa system allowing
Filipino nurses to easily move to the US
by the late 60s Filipino nurses were
heading all over the world the
Philippine nurses were celebrated as
ambassadors because of how much they've
contributed to the Philippine economy
they improve the livelihood of of their
families they were able to send members
of their families to school and they
were able to improve their way of
today either Philippines is the largest
exporter of nurses globally New York
even has its own little Manila and it's
estimated that 25% of the Filipinos who
live in New York State and the
surrounding area work in health care
they come in search of a better life but
the pandemic has made it a more
dangerous life
I think I miss most his presence
whenever he was around he always gave
such a comforting smile so him not being
here it is hard because now we realize
like
we have to be that for each other Denise
and Alan's father Ali Guillermo died of
covert 19 in early April he'd worked at
the same hospital on Long Island since
he moved to the u.s. 16 years ago I
always bonded with him through our love
of photography this one he took while he
was on a shift and the emergency room I
had some of his colleagues Allie passed
away in the same ICU ward where he had
been caring for infected patients just a
few weeks earlier they say that he
brought around like a presence with him
where you could trust what he's doing
like not even just the nurses but the
doctors of evil that confide in him too
you know reassure themselves and he just
he was it just really showed that he was
really good at his job
yeah you must be very proud of him yeah
Allie had been intubated and put on
dialysis in a desperate attempt to save
him his children saw him in the hospital
before he died it was hard to see him
all swollen and stuff so yeah it was it
was just a nightmare to see him in that
way and it was very hard
I wouldn't wish for like any kid to see
their dad in that state it's terrible
you know so just like it reminded me of
how fragile he really was Ali's funeral
turned into a moving show of support his
co-workers emergency workers and the
Filipino community I always knew that my
dad was a hero like as a nurse he was
always a he's always helping people now
that he's like really recognized as a
hero it just means so much more outside
the White House activists held a grim
roll call of the nurses like Ali who
have died of covert 19 across the
country
nursing unions are demanding helpful
equipment to prevent more nurses from
dying you don't
filipino-american masses have been
disproportionately affected by the end
of June nearly 50 had died already
Leo Felix believes there are several
reasons many of our Philippine American
Nurses work closely at the bedside in
our more recent surveys it showed that
at least 60% of Philippine American
nurses work in acute care critical care
he believes this puts them at higher
risk of being infected with kovat 19 but
there's another more complex factor at
play - what Leo Felix calls the bamboo
ceiling which hinders Filipino nurses
who try to get promoted off the wards
into more senior positions Filipino
nurses are very respectful and very
obedient to to their employers and they
don't really question authorities so
they're seen as less assertive so they
may not necessarily get those position
of management he says these traits also
make them vulnerable to unscrupulous
employers one group of nurses turned to
lawyer
Oscar Michelin for help in a bitter
legal fight against their employer the
weight of the case was not just that
they were facing a year in prison it was
that they would be deported the fight
was against New York's biggest nursing
home Network Sentosa care when Oscars
clients were recruited in the
Philippines they signed up to work at
specific nursing homes but when they
arrived they found themselves working
elsewhere in breach of their visa
conditions
what happened was they were moved to
other facilities that were owned by the
same global corporation but were not the
name listed on their direct hire
applications and then when they got here
they had other issues with respect to
how they were treated how they were paid
the nurses say they were overworked
underpaid squeezed into crowded housing
and denied insurance when they
eventually quit their jobs in 2006 pro
bono lawyer
Felix Ben Lewin tried to start official
investigations both here and in the
Philippines but Sentosa intervened they
were able to engage a senior US senator
from New York Chuck Schumer to write
letters to the Philippine Consulate and
that ended up stopping the investigation
in the Philippines the letters went all
the way up to the president of the
Philippines what happened next was
extraordinary local district attorney in
Thomas Spota charged the nurses and
Felix with conspiring to harm their
patients Oscar then took up their case
and argued that the entire prosecution
was unconstitutional by saying that it
was a crime to quit your job essentially
the prosecution violated the Thirteenth
Amendment to the Constitution which of
course prohibits slavery and involuntary
servitude some of the nurses contracts
also contained exit penalties that meant
if they worked for Sentosa for less than
three years they had to pay the company
$25,000 oscar argued these were illegal
penalties unrelated to any actual
financial loss suffered by the company
as the case dragged on it took a heavy
toll on the nurses they were depressed
they were distressed they were
despondent they were
extraordinarily concerned across the
country the Filipino community mobilized
in support
led by groups such as the Philippine
Nurses Association of America we erase
once for them you know we erase legal
funds we supported them by joining
rallies supporting them in court when
the appeals court finally made its
ruling the nurses won not all counts
what was the mood that their festive is
the best way to describe it they thought
their lives were handed back to them it
was a huge weight lifted off of
everybody if they would have come home
convicted of that charge it would have
changed their lives entirely they would
not have been able to work in health
care in the States or the Philippines so
everything was riding on this criminal
prosecution Oscar says in a later civil
case Sentosa ended up paying the nurses
a confidential sum in and out of court
settlement all these companies there are
a lot of money behind them immigrant
nurses generally don't going up against
a very very large opponent is daunting
for anyone particularly for somebody
who's here on an immigration visa rgl is
a nurse who was recruited from the
Philippines a couple efforts to stop
exploitation intensifies at this Health
Conference former Santos a nurse at Rio
Baugus spoke out I know that there is a
lot of foreign educated nurses out there
who have the same and even worse
experiences than ours and this has to
stop most nurses that are in this dire
situation are afraid to speak because
they're scared to be deported
emboldened more immigrant nurses are
taking their fight for fairness to the
courts including an ongoing class action
case against Sentosa with employers on
notice the biggest fight at the moment
remains covert 19 but not everyone
agrees bringing in more nurses it's part
of the solution I would push back
against the notion that importing
doctors and nurses is essential Jason
rich wine is a conservative immigration
analyst who believes America needs pure
not more foreign nurses
he says data shows American hospitals
are actually laying off staff during the
pandemic as elective procedures decline
the nurse unemployment rate is rising
before the pandemic it was 0.9 percent
but in April which is the most recent
data we have it had gone up to four
point three percent so I'm not really
sure where these new nurses if we were
to import new nurses are going to be
working Jason insists the recruitment of
foreign nurses is really driven by
hospitals wanting to keep celery slow
when someone claims a nurse shortage or
a farm worker shortage what they're
saying is I don't want the wage to rise
I want to stay right here at this level
and therefore well I can't find anybody
if we were to stop importing nurses or
doctors then what would naturally happen
in the marketplace is you would have
more native-born people going into those
professions in the midst of the pandemic
Jason's argument is getting short shrift
despite the anti-immigrant mood in
America some politicians are arguing for
more foreign nurses thousands of
immigrant health workers are suffering
because of a serious problem in our
immigration system the US healthcare
industry is lobbying Congress to
urgently approve an extra 25 thousand
green cards for foreign nurses the bill
brought by high-ranking senators such as
Illinois dick Durbin has bipartisan
support social service workers our bill
would quickly allocate these visas to
doctors and nurses who can help us today
in the fight against Cova 19
but the Philippines needs their nurses
to with corona virus infection surging
and nurses in short supply President
dieter Trey has lashed out at America
for luring them away so no nurse express
the minimal authoritative on CM Punk big
artists Inc lucky Depot Putin Sarah no
problem I don't americano
you could have relied on your own human
resource the Filipino nurses can earn as
much in one day in New York as they can
in a month back home that's hard to
resist if we could work at home and earn
as much we wouldn't believe anymore
I mean why sacrifice seeing your kids as
night falls in New York and leave our
catches up on sleep halfway around the
world in Cebu near his daughter ear is
starting her day you just look up
yeah banal nose the sacrifices her
mother has made she was left behind in
the Philippines when Lyra moved to the
US wear masks oh yeah it's been a
stressful time it's just really hard to
be away from your family at the time one
they're sick and you can't be there and
you can't really do anything over the
phone here is now old enough to
appreciate why her mother left but it
wasn't an easy childhood at fifteen as
soon as she left I was really forced to
grow up to become an adult I became sort
of like a mother to my brothers and I
would get the remittance go to the bank
do the groceries and then when I learned
how to drive I also brought my brother
to school and if there was a
parent-teacher meeting I would leave
that one to go but the sacrifice has
brought opportunities as well me and my
brothers get to do what we want in life
and it's because of her really so I'm
really thankful and I hope that I could
emulate her courage and her strength
inspired by her family leah is studying
to become a doctor and also plans to
move to the US and she's not alone in
wanting to continue the Filipino
tradition of health care
[Music]
back in New York Gemma's daughter
Michelle has also been inspired by her
mother she's a strong woman I look up to
her
shops people every time and then takes
care of us at the same time just amazes
me michelle has decided to follow her
mother into nursing I love the idea of
it because I like helping people al akir
Moe's son Allen also plans to work in
medicine and this next generation of
health care workers is taking pride in
the Filipino nursing diaspora it's great
how much the Filipino community is able
to have an impact on everyone it just
should make the Filipino community proud
because it shows how much of an
influence were having on the world right
now
[Music]
each night at 7 p.m. New Yorkers have
been cheering on the health care workers
from their windows appreciation for them
lizardom all-time high and Filipino
nurses are taking a well-deserved bow
they appreciate the work that we do so
it's it's very nice it's so fulfilling I
don't know that we ever before this
really took time to think about the
sacrifices that they make when they
leave their country and they leave their
family and come here to fill jobs this
is my ultimate dream to come and and
work here and bring my family here
[Music]
you
