okay so today we will find out what
foreigners in the Philippines I'm
guessing foreigners that live in the
Philippines really think of Filipino
people it's another Street interview yes
sir and I say another because a few
weeks ago I reacted to a street
interview of my boy Calvin cast
whom I did an interview with yes you can
check it out and find it on his channel
but the difference between his video and
this video is that his video was him
asking foreigners who traveled to the
Philippines mostly for the basketball
World Cup but here it's actually
foreigners who who have been living in
the Philippines so they know more about
the Philippines and they will be able to
tell us what they think about uh
Filipino people you know what I'm saying
so yeah this is exciting if you are new
to the channel welcome
welcome I am a sound engineer beat maker
and content creator on YouTube and with
that being said let's jump right into
it
hi what's your name I'm Sophie and yours
I'm Marcus and where are you guys from
We're from Denmark what brings you here
to the Philippines us and we are
backpacking at the moment for eight
months eight months how long have you
been here now uh almost a month a month
okay I see you got your bags packed are
you leaving somewhere now or you going
back or uh yeah we're going to around
the airport an area called mdan okay um
we're going to stay there for a couple
of days before we fly to Port P oh very
nice to ELO and coron area yeah it's
beautiful there it's really really nice
yeah it's really nice have you had a
chance to speak to Filipino people
yeah Filipino people what do you think
of them they're very sweet and kind very
U open open okay so when I get to the
Philippines next year in May I will have
the opportunity to stay approximately
three weeks in the Philippines very nice
and what about yourself anything
different I I feel different yeah heavy
yeah excellent thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thank you
thank you hi what's your name my name is
Roder and where are you from I'm
originally from Buffalo New York but I
live in Hawaii right now okay and what
brings you down here to the Philippines
um I mean just
to get away from Hawaii in the in the
high prices you know you can't beat the
exchange right here and
food is good yeah people is pretty real
real friendly tell me a little bit about
the people have you had a chance to
interact with any locals yeah I have I
have basically some of the staff at the
hotel and some some of the people I met
here but they are well-mannered well
friendly well man well friendly real
real nice you know easy to talk to don't
have any Hang-Ups about anything like
that so for sure do you ever feel like
concerned for your safety or anything
around here anything no no it's pretty
much I read up on I read up on the AA
before I came here and basically pretty
pretty safe the main thing is um people
here they basically they speak English
even it's broken English least you you
can not like some other country where
you just don't know anything like take
like yeah so my friend and my brother
and I are not worried about the
Philippines at all you know because yes
they do speak English and you know I've
been reacting to Filipino content for
years now so I I know know what to
expect from the Philippines uh I I'm
still hoping to be surprised you know
here and there but we will see but uh
we're not only visiting the Philippines
we're visiting Japan and Vietnam you
know so yeah we're a little bit worried
about those two countries because they
don't speak English you know it's going
to be tougher to move around in those
countries compared to the
Philippines Thailand if you go in a
province of the royal
are sucking you I agree so you've been
to Thailand oh yes oh have you noticed
any differences between the two
countries so far during your stay I have
I have I I travel all over southeast
Asia you know and I thought about
retiring you know the only difference in
Tha land and here see I mean the guy
enjoys Southeast Asian countes so much
that he thought of retiring there that
is
amazing here is the country's built up
more mhm and then and they have more
medical facilities for you compared to
here yeah because if you decide to
retire here you live out in the province
might have see which is crazy to me that
he's saying that that they have more
medical facilities in Thailand compared
to uh compared to the Philippines
because Filipinos are known to have a
lot of uh workers that work in hospitals
you know and Clinics and stuff like that
like a lot of nurses you know and
doctors so it's a little surprising to
me
you might have a problem if you're
trying to yeah need medical assistance
not like in Thailand you have hospitals
and everything all over but hopefully
none of us have to experience that
anytime soon so yeah yeah but it happens
it happens you know you know you got to
be prepared I guess yes yes all right
man thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it and appreciate you too and
I'll tell everybody in Toronto I say
hello Toronto and um Everybody um whoop
whoop so the interviewer is from Canada
let's go hey we are pretty decent people
as well we are welcoming in my
opinion hopefully I get a chance to see
the car caraban okay yeah of course
every year every year you know except
for the co time so we don't really know
how that's going right so okay you're
Bills fan oh 100% 100% when are they
going to win a championship this year
this year all right got you all right
look at this
girl she's wiggling for you my man all
right thank you for your time appreciate
it hi what's your name my name is Sean
and where are you from I'm from Tasmania
Tasmania I thought that was a cartoon no
carto it's a real place it is y just
below Australia amazing now I'm just
kidding of course Tasmania sounds
wonderful what brings you down here to
the Philippines just a holiday just a
bit of a relaxation and yeah sure how
long have you been here I've been here a
week a week that's not a lot it's been
great I love what do you like so far in
a
week the people the people are amazing
bam always happy always smiling always
willing to do something for you yeah
they're perfect y okay and how many more
days you going to be here I'm here for
another 10 days all right very looking
forward to so we're in SIU now do you
plan to visit any other Islands or
anywhere else or justu no just subu uh
I've been I've done a few tours and and
whatnot and thoroughly enjoyed them um
especially the canyoning and and the
whale sharks were great wow but yeah
shake up a bit of sun and just relax
okay have you had any chance to try
Filipino food I have yeah yeah what do
you think of it bit different yeah um
but yeah easy to it's very nice yeah
very nice is this a see yourself living
or retiring oh definitely yeah come
retirement age and yeah settle down with
a nice girl and yeah the climats
yeah I was going to say how the climate
Prett sing with a nice Filipina in the
Philippines T's um Fair colder than here
at the moment so it took me a few days
to sort of climatize but yeah easy to
get easy to um get used to thank you so
much for your time no worries you have a
good day hi what's your name H where are
you from Italy oh Italy and why are you
in the Philippines because in Italy is a
uh it's too much to Fe a woman it's very
too much difficult and very complicated
yeah so he's basically he's basically
saying that in Italy it is too expensive
to um to take care of the woman right
wow it's it's easy I don't know things
are Che to meet a friend a girlfriend a
woman are you here by yourself me St
alone and I Ser a woman in the
Philippine and how long have you been
here two months you've been in pH for
two months did you talk to many Filipino
people what do you think or perhaps he
was joking about uh the difficulty of
feeding a woman in Italy think of the
Filipino
people but for now I think are friendly
want to
speak but I think it's good is very
quiet yeah it's soft and always good for
awesome thank you so much for your time
I appreciate it very strong accent hi
what's your name uh my name is and where
are you from I'm uh Atlanta Georgia and
what brings you down here to the
Philippines uh bit of holiday and maybe
even uh to retire here how do you like
the rain so far rainy season
right it comes and goes yeah you know
for sure how long have you been here
that's interesting e how the let's not
elderly people but let's just say the um
you know the men between I don't know 50
and 70 years old uh they contemplate
retiring in Southeast Asian countries
man uh about a month what are your
thoughts about the Philippines what do
you like the most in a month I like the
people yeah they're probably the
friendliest people in the world really
ask about the people next but I'm glad
you mentioned it is there anything
specific everybody keeps saying the
people are the best but well well there
I never thought cuz before I said
Canadians were the nicest
people let's go I'll just use this I'm a
runner and I'm going to say I'm here to
run a race and then after the rain you
know the streets here I get kind of
slick yeah I I took off a spill oh no I
don't know anybody here all types of
people r over to check on me I was fine
wow all of people checked on me yeah
that's amazing incredible right a lot of
time in the west people might just walk
by Atlanta I got hit by a car on a
sidewalk wow nobody checked on nobody
cares yeah no it's very different over
here like Canadians are known to be nice
but usually you have to spark a
conversation or something I find in the
Philippines a lot of people take the
initiative by smiling or saying hello oh
yeah they smile all the time um you know
they say
it's it's it's just brilliant okay now
you mentioned about maybe possibly yeah
Filipinos are kind and very helpful I
remember either reacting or just
watching uh a video of this uh Foreigner
as well who had he thought he had lost a
uh backpack that contained you know some
valuable items So Random Filipinos just
really uh offered to help him out and
they did you know they did but the thing
is is he had misplaced his backpack I
think it was in his uh apartment or
hotel room or whatever but the point is
that random Filipinos tried to help him
you know which is
unbelievable retiring do you have any
specific locations in mind have you been
anywhere that's my hard part because I
would like to check out like the
bow he says The Vow I've Been Told
name Palawan I
heard for sure but there so many places
I don't want to you know I could live in
Sal yeah but you know Manila is way too
crowded I've never I've only been to
like BGC for a few days so I'm not very
experienced about Manila it's most
people are asking me to uh to stay in
BGC when I stay in Manila because yes I
will try to stay in Manila for a few
days you know so that I can check out a
bunch of things like the wish bus
hopefully some concerts maybe see some
people so BGC apparently is the place to
be I hope it's uh pretty easy to rent
like um I don't know like a small
apartment for a few
days I Toronto on steroids yeah another
major city that's like busy busy right
but crazy crazy
traff I hear like some of the worst in
the world man know traffic well yeah it
you know I thought about getting a
scooty here yeah might be risky right in
Manila no no way all right now do you
have any concerns about health insurance
how do you like stay up to date with
that stuff in case something does happen
well I have TR Insurance okay I mean
that's a smart thing to do what about
your like relationship status are you
seeing people are you single
single that's personal for me
just because I don't know if you're
familiar with ph was I'm not really
familiar but maybe you can help us all
out too much so about what about dating
if I'm going to stay here I get
everything oh I see and
because A lot's really built for the
Philippines I see it so if you know from
what I hear they all want to move in
with you and all that once you move in
anything you acquire I forget I don't
know the time frame yeah it's kind of
like they get part of it okay so if
you're going to buy a
condo you buy the condo before got you
so buy everything before your
relationship just in case it doesn't go
well even if you get to scooter yeah
it's after Okay and she I don't I don't
know the time frame but that's the kind
of stuff so I'm thinking they're talking
about doing things prior to getting
married in the Philippines I think
that's what they mean it's not not very
clear excellent but do I think that's
going to happen you know that happens
everywhere right Canada but I think yeah
but I think people you know need to just
be aware definitely I
mean it's just like it's not like it's
just like any place else in the world
yeah got it all right well thank you so
much for your time you're very
informative and helpful thank you thank
you hi what's your name Scott hey Scott
where are you from it's Filipino Santa
I just come for a bit of a look around
see what's happening are you working
right now are you retired back home what
do you do I work back on Earth mot and
have a cattle property cattle must be a
lot of hard work proper oh yeah yeah
it's pretty cool on I would love to know
your about your experience in the
Philippines what do you like about it so
far I really like it yeah uh you know
just going around see things find to
trying to get in how the people live you
know speaking of the people have you had
a chance to interact with any locals
Filipino yeah now what do you think of
the Filipino people oh they're just
they're just wonderful it's quite
surprising is this a place you can see
yourself retiring perhaps absolutely of
course how's the cost of living here
compared to Australia uh he it's uh yeah
lot cheaper a lot cheaper your money
goes a lot further right oh yeah yeah
okay thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it good on you man all right
so clearly the thing that came back the
most often are the people the people the
people they are kind they are helpful
you know I didn't I don't think they
said polite but I know that they are
polite you know so it's the people you
know everything all these videos have
been promoting about the Philippines you
know uh the they always talk about the
people and their kindness and it's true
it's true it's it's true so there you go
it was a fun quick video although the
audio was not great you know
unfortunately so I hope you guys don't
have too much trouble uh hearing what
they were saying um so yeah let me know
in the comment section below your
thoughts and of course if you found
value in this video do not hesitate to
check out my other reaction videos right
here
