Kyoto teen basketball sensational 16
euro
tie Soto who sky Soto camasta beautiful
people Mabuhay mug and a new McGann
welcome back to mg nd a co-op of Sevilla
and you guys love basketball okay
and you know how much I love basketball
and you guys keep calling me Stefan
Kirby yes I started this channel four
years ago and from the first moment
Filipinos laid eyes on me they started
calling me Stefan curry Stefan career
look-alike oh my god you look like
Stefan curry so I am I guess very
connected to basketball because first of
all I love basketball and when I was
younger in high school they used to call
me Allen Iverson not Stefan curry but
Allen Iverson because I had very good
three-point shot
you know just like Stefan curry but
Stefan curry was still a kid at that
point you know even though him and I are
kind of the same age he is younger than
I am but like by a year or two that's it
so yes I love basketball
I love the NBA and in this video we're
gonna talk about why do Filipinos love
basketball so much and you guys love
everything that starts with a B right
billeting basketball boxing beauty
pageants and basketball is one of those
so this video is called this is the most
basketball obsessed country in the world
I don't think that's right but we will
see I mean come on the USA is probably
the the country that is most obsessed
with basketball bruh I mean it's the
country that we're where NBA lives right
where the NBA takes place
and by the way basketball was born in
Canada in Montreal
the McGill University okay yes but
anyway I am excited to watch this before
we start please consider follow me on
instagram at music game news let's see
if the Philippines is the most obsessed
basketball country in the world let's
see oh wait but before we start you know
those teasers that you can find on the
channel well you can watch the full
reaction video exclusively on patreon so
don't hesitate to check it out
[Music]
the Philippines home to a hundred
million people that is a lot of people
meant a hundred million people brah
that's why it's important for you guys
to stay home during this pandemic okay
stay home it's populated country in the
world home to lumpia adobo and adobo
baby so good that Cal money Paul
demanded beautiful things to love in the
Philippines there's one thing that's a
lot more than anything else
basketball there isn't is that true
though is that true doe when I say
Trudeau every time I say it I think of
our Prime Minister's name Trudeau you
know it's funny is that true
like is basketball the number-one
obsession in the Philippines I thought
it was beauty pageants but I don't know
or be rethink meaning singing let me
know in the comments section below
anything quite like it this country is
obsessed now addicted to basketball
anywhere you go any neighborhood
anywhere on got you brah brah
it's like Philippines if I wasn't born
in Algeria I would have been born in the
Philippines because I love everything
that they love you know singing music
basketball
those are my things you know and their
food is delicious
we'll find a basketball court Filipinos
will play on anything even if there
isn't a wood or cement floor Filipinos
will play on grass this reminds me of
Jimmy ins with soccer it's the exact
same thing
soil even sand and everyone plays big
small short tall rich you'll find
players wearing shoes to nail us and
even bear see man lights baby feet you
see it doesn't matter who you were
before you stepped on the court you know
every time I hear the word sin Ella's I
know what it is you know it's the
slippers right but now I don't see the
slippers on someone's foot when they say
it's in Ella's I see the slipper flying
across the room hitting someone in the
head all that matters
is your game you know how much Americans
love American football well multiply
that by 10 times the passion for the
sport is real the only thing I can quite
compared to is Argentina or Brazil of
for football where the love for the
sport is almost a religion over there
for the second numbers Nike once
estimated that 40% of the population of
the Philippines plays basketball at 81
percent in total for basketball fans
that's approximately 81 million hoop
bowling fans this begs the why that is
amazing question why especially for the
fact that you know most Filipinos are
quite short right so much well there's
the obvious answer though because it's
fun
all right case closed thanks for
watching my video station bell from no
that's not a good enough answer because
you know what else is fun football or
soccer from my American viewers the most
popular sport in the world so far none
football is so popular an estimated 4
billion people more than half the
world's population are football fans
yeah so why did it this football fever
convert well in the Philippines why is
basketball so different for Philippine
Oh question we have to go back 1898
marked the beginning of the
spanish-american war
this is not the first time that I react
to one of his videos and honestly I like
his videos but these historical parts
bore me a little bit because I was never
really into history
I prefer geography in school after the
Battle of Manila Americans took control
of the city and then with the Treaty of
Paris the whole country of the
Philippines thus Spain relinquished
control to Philippines to the United
States for 20 million dollars which is
600 million in today's money during this
period basketball was brought over by
the Americans that there you go so the
USA is the number one country that's the
most obsessed with the basketball ball
started in 1910 where it was actually
introduced to public schools as a woman
sport like baseball track were deemed
too rough and intense for women the
Philippines quickly established itself
in the sport in 1936 in their first
Olympic showing the Filipino basketball
team came in fifth place which to this
day is still the best placing for an
Asian team nice gold in the first Asia
Games in 1951 and then won bronze in the
FIBA 1954
championships wish again has not been
eclipsed by another Asian country until
this day for the next 20 years the
Philippines dominated Asia and
basketball winning gold in the FIBA Asia
tournaments in 1960 1963 1967 1973 in
1985 and then winning silver in 1965 in
1971 it was during this time that the
basketball craze was at an all-time high
the Philippines then formed the PBA or
Philippines Basketball Association
the oldest PBA NBA PBA nice funny
professional basketball league in the
world the equivalent
bringing a Filipino all-time greats like
diamond Fernandez Phillips s are both
cotton Otto and Robert Jaworski when we
were liberated from Spain the removal of
colonization left behind a large void in
1934 the Philippines was nothing more
than a collection of islands ethnicities
and diverse cultural identities and
while the government would try and fill
that void in a political legal sense it
was basketball that became that cultural
glue for our newly born country I love
it I love that basketball is what
brought people together in the
Philippines
it's beautiful languages everyone sort
of has their own local and regional
connections basketball became one thing
that people could look to and say we are
Filipino and this is something that we
are really good at right now and
basketball in turn is linked with our
unity as Filipinos the filipino cultural
identity was basically born from
basketball that's why for a lot of us
basketball is more than just a game if
you're familiar with the economy of the
Philippines it's not an understatement
to say it's not the greatest most of the
time you die in the same economic status
that you were born in the state of the
economy makes it hard to advance
socially and financially this is where
basketball comes in Brian rep from KCET
org states professional basketball
offers a means to ascend the Filipino
social ladder in ways that it doesn't
elsewhere former PBA players go on to
elected office television films
or business success for boys basketball
serves as a rite of passage strategies
for achieving masculinity yeah it's a
little bit like singing right and a way
to bypass that you know it's a way out
from poverty everyone watches a sport
from the poorest Manila trader to its
wealthiest businessman now the last and
most obvious answer is the accessibility
with sports like baseball hockey or golf
you need equipment yeah baseball is
batting in time uh no no no I don't
agree because I believe that the easiest
sport out there is soccer and that is
why it is the most popular sport in the
world not basketball because basketball
you require a hoop like a decent hoop
but in soccer no you just require not
even a ball you know you can fashion
something that resembles the ball and
play with it and when we were kids
that's what we did and we instead of
having a real goal you know we would
just take two huge rocks and put them on
on the street and you know you score
through those two bugs those two rocks
and that's it
put meant not to mention the huge field
hockey requires an ice rink Ludacris on
a Pacific island bra I'm Canadian and I
I don't understand hockey I I don't care
about hockey at all
I wish Canada had more than one
basketball and be a team you know and
golf needs acres upon acres of land as
well as golf clubs and other equipment
costing easily hundreds if not thousands
of dollars basketball all you need is a
core kind of ball which is ideal for the
film no stop saying that you need a hoop
and a court yeah a court a court the
courts is not easy to build either and a
good court
so that was not very accurate as of
today the Philippines is ranked 31st out
of 165 countries the third highest
ranked Asian country how did the country
that was basically born from basketball
and went from dominating the reservation
to 31st place there are many reasons and
the most obvious answer might be the
biggest or in this case the smallest her
height basketball obviously is a tall
man's game and Filipinos aren't known
for being vertically gifted with the
average Filipino standing at 5-4 or
163 7 5 4 wow-wow meters the average PBA
player of today naturally stands a bit
taller at 6:30 or 190 centimeters which
was not as big as a problem back in the
50s when the average NBA player stood at
6 to 4 187 centimeters and while the
rest of the professional world grew the
Philippines remains short today the
average NBA player measures 6 7 or 200
centimeters hahaha so Kawhi Leonard is a
6 7 damn bruh that's tall that's tall or
it's easily surpassing that could you
imagine how well the standard PBA player
would fare against someone like
Shaquille O'Neal who in his prime stood
at 7 1 and weighed in at 300 pounds in
that picture was it Bruno Mars as
Shaquille O'Neal's girlfriend at that
difference she would absolutely feast in
the paint and there wouldn't be anything
a Filipino player could do except foul
him and pray that he missed his
free-throws
oh yeah the rest of the world making
great strides in basketball the
Philippines has one dream but you can't
compare to Shaquille O'Neal Shaquille
O'Neal is legit a freak of nature you
know that's not it that's not an insult
to Shaquille O'Neal but come on man like
who is as big and dominant as Shaquille
O'Neal nobody and that burns bright in a
lot of people's hearts having a
homegrown Filipino
playing the NBA now the NBA is clearly
the Meridian a professional basketball
there is no higher level of basketball
granted there have been players with
Filipino blood in the NBA Raymond
Townsend became the first Filipino to
ever play the NBA playing for the Golden
State Warriors in 1978 he also have
Jordan Clarkson who started his career
in the Lakers and currently plays for
the Cavaliers oh and as a joke a lot of
Filipinos like they did Nate Robinson
great-great-grandfather yeah
I've seen that in the other video that
shows you the the popular Filipinos in
the world which comes out to about 6%
that makes him an honorary Filipino I
guess but we still find ourselves
waiting for our own stuff on truck or
Manny Pacquiao to grace the courts of
professional American basketball will
there ever be a native homegirl in
Filipino NBA player many have tried
notably Japeth Aguilar and Bubba ray
parks jr. of the PBA Bobby actually
played for the Texas Legends in the NBA
Chile but none yet able to speak with
the basketball player so it's not it's
not a question of talent it's a question
of like fear or courage
you know it's it's harder for the first
person than it is for anybody else
because with being the first there's a
lot of doubt I was making the door when
you're the first has a lot of negative
input that's why it's always harder for
the eldest of the family whether it be a
woman or a guy you know because that's
the kid that takes everything that
experiences things first and then the
the brother or the sister you know just
follows through and it's a little bit
easier for them you know they open the
door so who's next for the time being
the hopes and dreams of the country
rests on these few players Bursar's go
be badass
yes named after D Kobe his father was a
PBA player and claimed the title the
youngest MVP of all time having been
born in the bald life he basically eats
breathes and lives basketball pianist
annoys CSUN and even once dunked on the
brunt what go be the best part of the
PBA quick as lightning reflexes and
handles for days
basically the Allen Iverson Florida
Kyrie Irving of the PBA and then there
is Jamar Fajardo the current MVP of the
PBA and arguably the best player in its
history he has the most MVPs in PBA
history would five he has amazing talent
and if you ever wanted to critics say
dude he's big however most people agree
it's gonna be this kid after a
seven-foot one wonder kid yo that guy is
huge
teen basketball sensational 16 year old
Kai Soto whose guy Soto Oh Kai Soto
he's already 17 and is seven Filipino
that's seven to eight dub the future of
Asian basketball and it was reported
that Real Madrid offered him 1 million
dollars to join their basketball team
supposedly FC Barcelona Saskia Baskonia
and Abba Berlin have also expressed
interest wait is he Filipino why all
counts he's a basketball prodigy he's
currently averaging 25 point one points
per game thirteen point nine rebounds
per game and two point six blocks per
game in a two game stretch I guess but
come on man I mean playing in Asia when
you're like that's all I don't know
there is almost no challenge bruh Japan
and China
he scored 54 points 42 rebounds and 9
blocked shots he's got so much potential
and he's projected to be on the final
roster of the national basketball
Philippines team for the World Cup so he
is Filipino and other professional
players around right so PO has a 16 year
old boy let that sink in barring some
crazy injury this kid's chances of
making the NBA or all but guaranteed so
mark your calendars boys and girls
because oh that gave me chills that gave
me chills to see a you know a true born
Filipino in in the NBA like that and
that tall but brah you're gonna need to
pump it up a little bit because you skin
it this way but he's only 16 so that
takes time 20 21 or whatever his
contract with his European team expires
the Philippines is getting an NBA player
basketball these are exciting time brah
if that happens I'm gonna be reacting to
his highlights for sure times for
Filipino basketball fans I for one can't
wait to see what the future holds for
the country whose heart beats like the
bouncing of a basket hey remember to
check out Pacific rims
rear man ballin in flip-flops the
Philippines unlikely love affair with
basketball on Amazon grief goes on a lot
more adept nice if it's on Amazon then
they'll check it out do the analysis of
Filipino basketball and the love
Filipinos have her basketball if you
liked what you saw or learned give my
video a thumbs up alright alright
alright so yes there's no doubt that the
Philippines have been influenced heavily
by basketball and that they love and
breathe basketball you know it's it's
there is no doubt about it but I don't
think that it's the most basketball
obsessed country in the world I still
think it's the u.s. I mean the u.s. they
have it's it's like religion as well you
know you can find a
a basketball court almost everywhere
honestly even in houses you know in the
garage of houses it's crazy and they
created a whole trend around basketball
you know and in the u.s. so I still
think that the u.s. is the number one
most obsessed country in the world but
probably the Philippines as very close
second you know what I mean
so but I also know that China China is
obsessed with basketball so I don't know
if that title is correct but I would say
yeah Philippines is the second most
obsessed country in the world but I love
it I love it and honestly after this
whole you know pandemic and stuff
because you all know that I planned to
go to the Philippines this month we're
the first are we are the first of April
when I'm recording this video and I was
supposed to be in the Philippines this
month but the damn pandemic happens so
you know can't do it I have to wait a
little longer and I'm telling you once I
go there I am really hoping and crossing
my fingers that I can maybe you know
grab a basketball and play a game or two
you know it would be so much fun because
this is my game like I love soccer too
but basketball is where my heart my
heart beats for basketball that's for
sure
so there you go now it's your turn to
tell me in the comment section below
your thoughts on on this matter are the
Philippines the most basketball obsessed
country in the world tell me in the
comments section below
and what is the topic the Filipino topic
that is number one is a basketball
beauty pageant billeting or boxing tell
me in the comment section below as well
I love you guys my hockey Tom I remember
having said I might go for watching this
take care of yourself stay safe and I
will see you in the next one yeah baby
peace thank you for watching subscribe
here and please like the video to show
your support and appreciation for my
work and turn on the notification bell
to beatbox for future content yay
