yeah yeah I think so oh yeah
you forgot to uh-oh good thing you might
have a cue that anything and as I'll do
that all are waiting okay purple you
couple I do okay it's small okay yeah
[Music]
[Music]
you don't have anything bigger
what's that mang see you give us I'm
gonna write it just so peeps Alaska
Alaska Alaska
the wait is that called the peerless
here this tundra or something like that
um wrap did braf we haven't yet but we
will talk more about that we are so
close I can taste it but anyways if you
guys in the chat please give us a thumbs
up it helps us out
Kailas just gonna write this thing and
we're gonna get things situated so and
we got you can't see but we got a bunch
of purple just below us
purple everything oh yes is if you guys
watched our ube haul is this back where
you're excited positions backwards for
us
oh no i don't know i don't know i don't
know an to the frontier that side that
okay let's kid stuff should you take
stuff out of the bag so it's all prepped
I don't know I think you shouldn't I
have like don't take that bag take it
out of the bag mm-hmm I'm like so for
right now from earlier it was like a
white elephant party yeah so we got no
no yeah just just get him out I don't
know what order you wanna do this what's
that what's that breaded dessert that or
that Brenda thing that people have
coffee biscotti
biscotti those aren't waffle sticks yeah
the same thing all right I mean it's
kind of like um Skyy just in time as you
are just a few more minutes all week job
making it guys that up we're just
getting all of our ube stuff shut up how
should we spend it's all worth it it's
gonna be all worth it last thing out of
the bag we're just getting all of our
ube stuff set out empty bags perfect for
garbage garbage okay I think I think
that's everything
okay hold on there
our name yeah I can do that so guys were
you watching from could you try to react
on ty commercial with boss we haven't
gotten a lot of requests on that but
maybe we'll check it out we're like
super scrambling for or just for the
holidays and I'm like working and stuff
and it's it's crazy so we we haven't got
as many reactions out as we wanted to do
but yeah well hey save some for Lily and
ollie oh there's plenty trust me I had
stuff for neither we better save this
for Lily nollie
on the table because this table is like
packed of who based up it's like all
purple it is like all purple yay yeah
ubi time says Rosie
[Music]
okay so we should we drop anything oh
yes I were listening like Kenny G
Christmas guys but there we go we're
done now okay so so try it with me yeah
yeah what is that
you made something we probably will it's
like it's like pi what is that Jeff is
it like PI complete is that like a baked
good or something so well yeah
here's what I did and I feel like you
guys tell me it I know I did it wrong I
already know I did it wrong but um so
when we went to the store as you guys
saw in our last video showing what we
got there was all all the goobies stuff
that we got at the store
um we went and got an actual like just
an ube and we cooked it and I don't know
if I cooked it the right way mhm
but I kind of treated it like a potato
so I just we peeled it and cut it up and
put it in a pot of boiling water and
boiled it for like 20 minutes until it
was kind of soft and then I just took it
out and um yeah I want to know how do
you how do you eat away by itself do you
eat it with like like here we potatoes
with like butter and salt yeah you know
so do you eat it with like butter and
salt or do you eat it with sugar because
sweet potatoes weed it with yeah yeah
brown sugar and butter I write so yeah
I've heard different things like people
have said people have said sugar and
like cream or something like that but um
yeah I don't know jason says mostly
sugar yeah I'm like sugar and butter or
just sugar yeah and I also I also had
another question is that like when we
posted that some people said you know we
got purple yam and some people said that
wasn't eBay so I'm not great I'm not
really sure what Guba is I thought it
was just like a purple potato kind of
thing but um yeah
but I don't know we'll just I'll just
kind of go with it and see what happens
so well okay well I okay well I made I
put two bowls because I didn't know what
you guys were gonna say but the one with
the two yeah cuz I don't want to forget
which one the one that's a toothpick and
it has butter in it so I just mashed it
up in these like little bowls and it
looks really messy you but yeah this one
has just butter in it and this one
doesn't have anything in it yeah and I
have some salt and sugar up here so salt
I didn't know we needed butter in there
salt
yeah or just sugar or butter and I guess
potatoes so I guess potato and salt jeff
says do you have any condensed milk
condensed milk is usually mostly use for
baking isn't it
no no I'm uses it for like coffee yeah
that's true okay so we're just gonna eat
it with a little bit of sugar yeah okay
that's fine no no butter just yeah are
we doing this yeah we're doing we're
just gonna try just plain we just boiled
some ube we haven't tried any of it yet
I like how you grab the baby's food
spoons I feel like don't want to
overindulge yeah though I don't know you
guys can kind of see it's just what it
looks like it's just boiled and like
squished you're in do you want to try it
on first yeah sure okay see kind of see
what the it's just like blander it looks
a little starchy so this is nothing this
is this is nothing nothing that's it's
definitely consistency of a sweet potato
obviously because you match it but it's
more earthy than a sweet potato yeah it
is starchy like a regular potato but
it's sweeter like a sweet potato yeah
like it's a little bit sweet not super
see it's not as sweet as a sweet potato
no I'm sweeter than a regular potato
yeah I feel like it's a little bit more
did you say what's more starchy
yeah I agree so I'm gonna put some sugar
in it no and we're just gonna have it
like that that's probably too much live
way yeah we were I had so much like it's
a suck you guys are just watching and we
were totally good his party thing a
holiday party just recently and we had
so much I did
embed relating it was kind of
embarrassing mean well you watch you
went back to get food like 20 times
no I didn't don't worry about okay so
you put the sugar on it yeah so I put
some sugar on it so I'm just gonna try
it like this
yeah yeah I feel like it would really
benefit from for what I really been yeah
from like some kind of like people are
saying condensed milk yeah Oh coke ube
cook it with coconut milk roki so that
yeah
it's coconut milk yeah that would be
good I don't have a code now we have
like yeah okay let you try to find try
to the sugar not see me I feel like I
definitely need some type of cream to
like mix it in so again anybody that's
just joining we're just trying plain
boiled and mashed bubay we don't stick
it like a base of like what it actually
tastes like before we try a flavor I
feel like I can see why it's mostly
using dessert though and it's not I mean
I haven't seen it like prepared in like
a savory dish you know but I feel like
it could be oh yeah I don't feel like
you'll be bad I feel like yeah I think
some butter and cream and some kind of
brown sugar yeah that was really good
yeah that kind of plays like this it
kind of eats like a sweet potato right
yeah I agree
Ross watching for the Philippine Tyra
what's up okay
so lady let's keep going you should try
making oon a cake I'm assuming you
better yeah yeah we're gonna
let's plan hopefully pretty soon but
okay Caleb okay we didn't separate the
egg yolks but go ahead there were so
many things that we didn't and we did do
this man for sure um so I feel like we
should just get started
mmm she wouldn't just pick one yeah sure
okay we gotta open any of these we kind
of waiting for this game we were on our
way back from this door it was like two
days ago now when we videoed that and
Gabe was like let's just open one eat
them and I was like no we haven't open
any I know we were so tempted that he
would enhance by it okay we're gonna
start with this one this one is called
magic melt purple yam flavor cookie so
you guys kind of saw us and other things
it looks like so it is it like cream or
something is it just straight cookie I
feel like it's just a cookie I like sure
we shouldn't even read the ingredients
there should be just like okay
probably not you just like flour sugar
butter that kind of jazz Elsa Jessel
says ooh big jam is composed of mash
Hubei condensed milk butter and has
cooked an hour yeah that's a good way
okay I'm just I just cut off the top
okay I think so I'm just taking it out
of this package I cut off the top yeah
oh they like individually wrapped
individually do you want your own yeah
okay so I feel I know I feel like it's
gonna like trouble I don't little crumbs
everywhere okay all right so it's just
in this little tiny oh it looks like you
can kind of see it looks like what's
that doughnut it's weird it's weird
no it's charred like look at if you look
at the bottom of this like the texture
it's like I don't know it's like
it's a weird it's not it's not like a
regular cookie thing we're gonna have to
vacuum I know it smells good you know it
smells like we're in this aw yeah I
already know what you're gonna say like
butter it doesn't like butter it smells
like the boob a cooler thing that we try
to do okay yeah yeah but yeah hmm okay
I'm gonna try it
here we go has like little sugars on top
yeah a little luck or did that your
crystallized sugar I feel like it's
gonna be flaky okay like I feel like
yeah I feel like this is gonna be like
authentic let's just go right into it
wait hold on let's let's catch up on
some stuff okay mom and a soup better
move a flat Chris you bread Arden says
hey we should marry this last coming
Lauren says hey I heard the Morissette
tickets are out really soon
did you hear about that no but I want to
take this bike okay that's that's kind
of important we'll get back to you just
okay I thought you like ate it all I
like looked away it's like all in your
mouth mmm it's like really Airy you
compare that to hmm does anybody try
this what's a who makes it oh tap tap
boob hmm it reminds me of like are you
sugar my nose yeah and she would have
like over those variety of like cookies
in like a tin thing and this reminds me
of like one of the things that is
exactly and how to sugar on top
right yeah this is like cookie tin and
it has like different shortbread kinds
Rockies and one of them looks like a
pretzel and has sugar on top totally
reminds me of it mom that is so true it
tastes like a really like a hard crispy
sugar cookie mm-hmm it was actually a
lot crispier than I thought it was gonna
be I I liked it though
mmm-hmm I was sweet I liked it I don't
think I mean the ube is really subtle
mm-hmm I think if I were to eat this
blindfolded
it would have kind of taste I was just
like a regular cookie to me like a sugar
cookie yeah Thank You sugar cookie that
being said it's really delicious
did you eat all of yours yeah oh and
some of yours you know I I want to try
everything I'm I would I would have this
again though all right I like it I don't
like the kids would like it and it's
it's pretty plain well I I kind of like
pretty plain things right yeah shout out
Peter what's up
wait we got to go back to this um
Morissette thing yeah Artie Heather I'm
just gonna open the next package okay
okay we had a kid I we follow more set
on social media I didn't hear anything
about her obvious guys cuz we I need to
I know we're counting on you guys to let
us know as soon as those tickets go on
sale you got to get them hang out
anyways okay okay I feel like we should
I went with this first so yes shall we
open the top of them you know so in our
vlog I call this pot you know it says
Pulver oh and it's read as polaron but
we called it Colbert on the be kind of
sounds like the B right so Paul Ryan and
it's like a it's just like a flowery
it's like a flowery texture foot you
know like like candy thing almost like I
don't I don't even know what it is but I
used to eat the eat so much these like
my mom would go to like Chinatown and
just like what like you know like you
need more than one yes they were
delicious they were delicious and I
don't know maybe you want a step change
Jeff says it's 4:00 p.m. in the
Philippines it is almost midnight here
house midnight so we're gonna eat and
crash eat them candy yeah I know
get on the sugar high okay we're opening
the
to make it everywhere yeah I suppose you
have to like keep this like carefully
otherwise it's gonna spill yeah see that
it looks like a little bars that looks
like polaron a bar so yeah I've never
had this before
yeah I know I've never I haven't had any
of these before
yeah Harry are you need the whole thing
or just a plea not oh yeah you can I
like oh I like the kind of texture it
turns into in your mouth it kind of
melts there's no I glue yeah I don't
know it's just so nostalgic for me maybe
if I didn't experience any more but I it
does kind of turn into glue somebody
said yeah Jeff said try to whistle while
eating Pulver own and someone said try
to sake tongue-twisters while eating
full it's like the top of my mouth is
completely like covered oh yeah I don't
know how to whistle so go ahead take you
take a bite and try to whistle don't
know how to Gabe doesn't know how to
whistle
he's never know it's probably cuz they
hit the pole room guys my mouth is good
proof before I eat the full room that I
think was sold okay okay okay good all
right
they're just really sticking your mouth
mm-hmm you save some for later family
thought it was awful
no wow I wonder why why because maybe
the air in your mouth like it gets
disrupted
I'm pulverizer rude I don't know all
right
we hear dis Jeff a little bit I have it
stolen my mouth but it's like at the top
my to you it's so good though it's tasty
right you know what it tastes like it
tastes like um have you ever like rice
krispies treats
I don't taste like that really like the
taste
yeah maybe blazing water yeah no that
was that was good
that was really good the polaron is a
classic classic
TV I wouldn't see I can see the appeal I
like that brought me back but does it
talk to my mouth now right what's next
Cal okay yeah what is next
oh oh you know what if you eat this and
kind of scrape the top of your mouth you
like you're like takes it off you don't
try it yeah you can try it like a
cleanser bonbons watching from the
Middle East jobs eat that hog around and
say a tongue twister I don't know AJ
Paula runs very sticky yes it's pretty
much just like wheat I mean like flour
so you mix flour with water and it gets
pretty sick yeah that's kind of what it
seems like so this is our next thing see
it mm-hmm so this is the boob a purple
uhm okay and the reason why we I got we
got this is because that um I saw a
thing on Facebook that was like a
electrifying hoobie unless your plan and
I was like that what's the first nope
Hawaiian okay and one of the ingredients
was that so show the camera I don't know
have you guys how do you guys usually
eat this do you prepare it or can you
eat it straight up you need a straight
up you help no wow
okay got it like I'm gonna sneeze no
it's a banana okay banana does that make
it go away it's like a jelly if I could
jelly you see that
it's like a jelly I thought I thought it
would be kind of like a starchy our
starchy thing but it's almost like a
jelly jam you would put unlike like it's
not moving right yeah
it's not it's not jelly you don't I mean
like it's really loose mm-hmm I'm gonna
use my um use your little spoon you too
all right okay all right so I'm just
gonna take what I don't know I always
like reading the ingredients okay okay
here you go just like purple um is the
first ingredient so buttermilk salt so
that's kind of big yeah you wanna see ya
guys that's good I thought that first
glance I thought this was gonna be like
something that like you just had to mix
in like bacon greedy but hopefully it
isn't it sound like Fred yeah probably
try it Thank You trappers or we'll try
the same time jam and butter okay ready
1 2 3
mm-hmm I was expecting something Oh like
you're supposed to either by itself
yeah huh yeah no that's okay it's really
sweet it is really sweet and it doesn't
take bad mm-hmm I don't feel like
dessert definitely not something your
dessert mind you something it's it's
like a little birdie that is really
sweet bill that's almost I think that's
too I think that's too sweet like if you
mix that with like a ube and peanut
butter sandwich like it's a lot like I
feel like have you have you ever had
like a spoonful of strawberry jam yeah
it's just super super super sweet
but it's not as strawberry jam isn't as
starchy so when you it's like hey I
don't know it's kind of too heavy like
eating alone yeah maybe I'll put on top
of a cracker or something I don't think
I mean I don't think you're supposed to
eat
like it's like a jammer like Kelsey
Kelsey said it's a bit plain alone yeah
I think I feel like you need to mix it
yeah it's not bad though I feel like if
you mix it with the right thing it could
be it could really add to it like what
did you see what recipe did you see okay
let you fling
yeah but I feel like this would be this
would have to be like mixed with like
some kind of like cake crumble like it
can't be like a layer of this and the
layer of legitly on it I think it would
be sweet but um the taste is the taste
is yeah I like it is this a popular
brand guys what do you what do you guys
know about that brand you guys know
about that brand was in there - there
was - it was me yeah we I don't know why
we picked this one right yeah like yeah
let me let me tidy up go ahead and catch
up on some comments you know this is
just messy I feel like you're not gonna
I feel like gonna make it worse huh hmm
I don't know where you left off oh yeah
Kelsey's that clean alone um they said
um Jeff said the first one you ate is
like the ube just put butter and oh it's
like those the ooby that we cooked just
with butter and condensed milk right I
can see I can see that yeah and um try
to put it in pan to stall yeah the bread
oh yeah I feel like that would be really
good I'm sorry I just keep going back to
this cracker - like - like like he said
it like to cleanse my palate anyways
okay perfect
we're about halfway through okay yeah
okay so next thing is it's pillows ooh
baby fill the crack this this was this
was one I was excited about because I
love the textural differences of
something like this at least that's what
I'm expecting but like
I feel like it's gonna be crunchy and
then creamy on the inside that's not I'm
hoping hoping for so so Kelsey Kelsey
knows what's out yeah
join us healthy yeah they all smell like
that kind of buttery yeah they like
buttery smell this smell really comes
through the base down place yeah maybe
it's cuz all of these things have pretty
much had butter yeah this is cool they
look like little it looks like lower
lava rocks like inside here how big they
are
AJ's eating those right and I don't know
those right now okay so they're filled
with ube I'm kind of I'm excited I like
crunchy with yeah
something inside I think I'll be good
mm-hmm okay jordan says we're gonna like
these Arden I think you're right okay
it's like you can't even probably see
it's like creamy yeah can you see I was
expecting it to be like the jamuns I'm
gonna get one more this is what I was
expecting I was expecting like kind of
the Oreo cream ish but I was not I'm I'm
surprised I like this I will say out of
all the things we've tried so far the
cracker the culverin and the jam this
this one the Obeid flavor shines through
the most and mmm bubi flavor I mean like
what we know cuz like by the ice cream
we try like you can really tell that
taste right you know right I agree
the the creamy are good the creamy stuff
in the middle
it really makes nixies yeah I would
think expecting that ube jam inside I
don't know why um wind says good smell
or not everything it's a good smell like
a butter smell all right I like it mmm I
like that's good if you like this we got
a cop some worthy dad we're gonna cop
some worthy yeah
I know these are just like I'm I'm full
right now you guys like I like a huge
dinner and I I want to keep eating these
pillows that's really good
hello you guys these pillows are put you
to sleep
anyways Ren says more set up date on the
top oh yeah okay yeah we she's probably
wasn't worth it so somebody said the
tickets are available um so we gotta
look that up you know we fall around all
social medias but we're gonna find out
but anyways regarding that and our trip
to the Philippines you guys so we just
released a video today talking about or
GoFundMe and I mean we're going it's
already settled but you know we're kind
of waiting for a few things before we
like bite at least but an update I want
to give a shout out to Ricky and a few
others I need to look him up but most
most of them were anonymous but we
actually got a couple donations and we
are I think we're we're like - we're
like 200 away so like I once once we're
there you guys once were we hit our goal
which is I think I think it's a thousand
we're so close that's when our we're
gonna reveal our whole like itinerary
yep and we're gonna book things we're
gonna start we're just gonna start
making this trip awesome for you guys
right and um we just have so many plans
we want to be able to do we're gonna
meet those of you yeah we're in the
Philippines I know I'm so excited yeah I
feel like this is off topic sorry off
topic back to thee back to the hollows
um I feel like these are really good but
they're also really rich so if you like
a snack this size is actually perfect
right do you think like I feel like if
you had this in a drink it would be a
good person yeah I would
it's fine as water but it really is
really like go down with milk yeah yeah
with calm down to me I'm like picturing
anything with copyright really I know
yeah these all these pastries type
things Eduardo says I think wish Awards
is next month no we're not going we wish
we could we wish we could go to wish
rewards but we're gonna be living
vicariously yeah everybody alright next
okay this is new baby purple yam candy
[Applause]
I'm seeing the pillow the pillow snack
is really popular we've got a lot of
comments on the pillow the pillow smacks
oh yeah okay so a lot in here okay okay
and this is a hard candy or is it like
you did yeah I don't think it's hard
it's like oh yeah I was expecting like
the heart candy but oh yeah right right
it looks like it looks like gum
yeah it does like them you can see like
it breaks yeah like it's like a hard
piece of gum yeah but I'm just candy I'm
sure you can swallow it hmm mm hmm
I have not what I was expecting hmm I've
had something you know what it reminds
me of like the texture it's almost like
a candy corn sham yeah mm-hmm
you guys tried this it's a popular brand
and he's that's not bad though I'm
trying what is remaining is a candy corn
mm-hmm ingredients are to be a sugar and
powdered milk so yeah I I can see that
it's I'm really surprised I thought they
were gonna be hard candies yeah no
they're not for sure not yeah
I'm always wrong yeah sorry well I still
love you no they're good I feel like
they are they're all so rich and I don't
feel like you've time right yeah I feel
really rich you remind me of the poll
groan yeah they do a little bit you're
not like as as grainy but they might not
that yeah I like them though because
they I like them because they're not
they don't have that many ingredients
like like Kelsey said similar simple
ingredients like I I like things with
fewer ingredients when you know when you
read like a thing and it lists like 20
ingredients and it's like a small little
thing it's like guess what I'm putting
in my body but these are chill these are
creature yeah yeah no yeah just eat the
rest of the one I put it down yeah I did
all right
if you're gonna eat it you down you so
give me yeah we wrap should we do the
last one last one okay is the last one
guys hopefully you've joined us and
watch the rest or watch what we've done
no I will say killer these are the ones
that I wanted to eat the most out of all
the ones we got I would have to agree I
was kind of like oh yeah I'm gonna use
these in my coffee okay I love these
like I've eaten like chocolate ones of
these you know yeah we're so good with
the chocolate yeah my my parents never
got these like we never had these at
home but like sometimes when you go to
somebody's house they'd have like
they're they have tins of these like
yeah the tins those were engines like
yeah like when I was looking at a
friend's house or something or sometimes
I'd have them and I always like oh yeah
these are purple though and ube so they
might be yeah yeah yeah yeah when Asha
says is that your favorite flavor
ube uh it's pretty darn good yeah I
really like that in the mood
yes like I haven't um I didn't grow up
having to be flavored stuff though it's
new to me and I did I drank it yeah so
the rise of okay guys this is a year of
boo bang so yeah okay
pars says stick a holic stick out there
stick goes yeah okay I'm expecting big
things you just raised the bar partners
like ube
why is this what is this is this like a
okay
oh you're cleaning this room okay okay
there's they're not filled with anything
I thought there were filled with
something yes yes thank you I can see
you guys okay I I am a question or
reserves like two in a pack that I don't
know are these special ones I don't know
okay I was really expecting cream to be
in him but here you go this is like a
broken one I was too ready
you're eating the other part of my
broken uh oh yeah I probably am carry
one hmm
there is cream mm-hmm there is cream
totally happy school
it's like ribbon yeah mm-hmm you use a
straw oh these are the truth delicious
these are really good don't bother
screams yeah yeah Oh somebody said you
pull the plastic thing out first so you
don't break the rest
that's probably did that broke some of
it yeah we didn't pull it out Oh ope is
broke because it creates room for the
other ones to slide out thank you for
that I love being educated by you guys
now we know next time we buy these which
you probably will buy these again but
mmm look cool no these are a little bit
sweeter than some of the other ones yeah
so I feel like the kids would really
like these yeah it would I feel like
they would like these and the pillows
the best that's what I like the best
oh yeah I like using the pillows I have
one more cool okay yeah we couldn't find
a smaller pack No
so big hole and so basically what
inspired us guys to buy a bunch of eBay
things um we actually ate at jollibee we
actually had a jolly be two days ago and
we have a video that will probably
release tomorrow shows ohm and still
being edited but um yeah we tried
Jollibee the the pearl drink that goop
April drink and it was delicious so
there's like a cooler yeah it was like
tapioca balls in it yes and you guys
gonna talk about but anyways um we tried
that and like where we're at jollibee is
right next to seafood city which is like
a Filipino grocery store and after
trying that pearl junk we're like oh man
we're really craving like goo bay stuff
so that's that's when we went to the
store and just splurged on babies we
literally went down every aisle we look
for everything purple um the just V
Vince just said I'm late what's going on
we are trying everything early we're
just kind of wrapping up our lube a haul
um what you missed is us trying this
polar on actual eBay yes yeah actual
obey those of you are watching we got a
lot of comments saying that purple yam
is not obey so I didn't I don't know if
eBay is a specific thing but they were
saying that taro is not soothing but
they said they said purple sweet potato
which we got is different than ube so I
don't know oh but all you know these
sticks are addicting they are I want to
know um oh yeah I just want to eat too
many before I go to bed I don't that's
true child
okay so annalen said um childhood cigar
that's so true because I remember eating
these out of a tin and pretending I was
smoking a cigar
yeah real Rogie that earlier oh you know
yeah yeah you're just pretending you're
10 do all your parents certainly feel
like you're cool and they're like
as you would go on it would get smaller
and smaller just like a bite but kid AJ
Ramos he asked if we tried the choco
Malo pie we don't have that here we
don't have that here that is gonna be
one of the first things we try when we
go to Jollibee in the Philippines oh
yeah really going with it I am I am this
was me this was me back in like years
the GAR six years old anyways um Sammy
said bonbon said okay guys put your
stick o in the ube jam mom can you do
that the vision was closed
I guess PEG me that give me that give me
that J is closed it's closed sorry can
that's sweet on sweet you guys that is
like sweet on sweet okay here you go
steak go in the gup-a jam just cuz you
requested it in the live here we go
there you go bonbon this is so sweet
okay sit go to the gym oh that's so
sweet
that way jams needs to be baked with
something yeah okay so jason says purple
yam is okay there we go why I'm so
confused
I wish my wish confused I was like great
we got the wrong thing
watch the reason but Liu Bei is also the
Tagalog word for Vejle or anything
violet
okay anything purple like go go in the
comment section of that video guys when
we went to the grocery store and there's
like five comments that are like that's
not the right thing I mean not talking
about the taro we know we messed up on
the taro but they might have been
talking about that I don't know I don't
know so we have YouTube hello YouTube Oh
what's up YouTube yeah what's up man
thank you for joining it yeah thank you
for watching
another
you tuber yeah um please stop it
YouTube yeah that we check them out um
and Ashley says what's your favorite
Filipino snags hmm that's hard we did
our last um Filipino snack haul like
quite a while ago yeah and we haven't
really had those snacks really since
yeah I feel like we really like some of
those salty ones mm-hmm I like shrimp
chips that much for like I mean they're
fine but I wouldn't go out of my way -
yeah what is that
um one that tastes like corn nuts hey I
don't know oh it's like it was like
adobo corn nuts
yeah that's thought uh maybe it is maybe
it isn't the Philippines but that's not
something I grew up on no no no I just I
really liked those I like salty I like
salty snacks yeah Cheers
so yeah like here's how I grew up on
mainly okay so I grew up on shrimp chips
I grew up on um
dried mangoes and then Pocky sticks my
koala always had pockets and that's not
I don't think that's Filipino per se but
like I feel like that's just an Asian
snack that yeah every Asian culture eats
so yeah you don't know if any peanut
snacks nothing Filipino snacks I mean
just the ones that we've tried like at
your mom's house like I don't feel like
she really has snacks yeah like she has
those they're like salt crackers just as
oh uh in like a tub yeah what are those
they're like a blue tub mm-hmm I think
red sky flakes yeah and those are just
crackers right she has those but she's
really hot snacks yeah like that I feels
like fruit and stuff like that all right
yeah so gonna read is there any ro is
another type of root crop good to add in
sinigang huh interesting sinigang I
don't know about that one I mean I just
don't taro because it's a start I don't
you
my mom doesn't usually have starch in
seeing her it's mainly the soup some
kind of vegetable tomato onion sorry and
then and then spinach or bok choy one of
the two but yeah it wouldn't be bad
though I don't think yeah but you're
very like not open to things being
different um well you tell my girl okay
um all right so we went through all the
snacks
um we'll probably finish up guys we've
got a couple of well answer a couple
questions so shoot them off we'll try to
get through as many of them as we can
but overall overall this before we get
to that overall Kayla what did you like
the best and what did you like the least
well I have to say I liked I didn't hate
any of them like I don't mean like I
didn't despise any of them right um I
don't like the thing with this is I
don't think you're just supposed to eat
it like I did like I think you're
supposed to like we've seen like ube
cheesecakes and stuff like that and ube
leche flan and I feel like this would be
really good for recipes right I I wasn't
a fan of really like just eating it I
didn't hate it though right you know
what I mean like I wouldn't do it yeah
it has to be incorporated in the right
right it's kind of deserved vehicle but
I agree that was out of all the things
we just tried like I kind of isolated
that would probably be my least but I
liked it I liked it though yeah I hmm I
would probably probably my favorite was
probably these yeah I was just really
excited by the creamy um a little bit
creamy middle except I did I wasn't
expecting it and I thought it was gonna
be that OB Jam yeah you guys could guess
my favorite would be the yellow light
Killa I hear okay for the rest of our
life
I'm just gonna like stick this you know
I'm not like in a cigar it's gonna fall
apart because oh yeah but yeah yeah I
like these
yeah I like the pillows I um I liked
everything else though I was well um
beep these pull groans they were good I
liked them they were a little bit hard
to eat like they just kind of like
turned into glue like we made them yeah
I like them though I don't know I feel
like maybe I don't know I like them
though yeah and these ones they were
like the air so so they were like the
kind of hardest candies mhm
I didn't hate them but I didn't love
that I mean they were I could have them
or not have them right do you not I mean
um I like some I mean everything all of
these things obviously have kind of the
same flavor it's George what vessel
you're having the big flavor in right
yeah that's true but but I will say that
the pillows yeah they they tasted like
ube like that ube were used to more than
any of the other stuff and I like this
one too it was a lot more crunchy than I
thought it was gonna be but I really I
like the flavor and the it tastes like a
sugar cookie I didn't really have that
much food waste labor right in it um
yeah YouTube said eBay cheesecake that
sounds good
remember we had that ube cheesecake at
um what was that restaurant in Seattle
Oh cracking congi they're they're closed
down now but yeah that was yeah yeah
Eduardo says have you heard about Maury
adult the Delatour yeah you know what I
feel like be reacted to one of her is a
long time ago I know who she is she's
been I wish Bush we've been slacking in
terms of reactions but we will get to
her I guarantee I add on a sec guarantee
but we'll try to get her yeah anyways
try to eat sumon or cassava cake cassava
cake
I feel like cassava cake is like some
like filled cream filled cake so
right there somewhere yeah right Carl
says Goldilocks ube paal graan are
better cold it that's what I remember
all the poverty is was from Goldilocks
in the restaurant Goldilocks is like a
Filipino bakery um
the nearest one to us is Candida I think
but when I lived in Las Vegas yeah I
would I would go there all the time they
they had a bunch but um yeah Goldilocks
we got to go there we need to make a
ready Canada Arden says part two of the
kids I know how you feel about that well
the kids are just they're so
unpredictable and Lily is all I mean you
guys know kids are crazy Marie is all
for being on camera like she's right she
go for it but um she kind of wants to do
her own thing and Oliver isn't really he
doesn't really care about being funny
camera no she never take he would rather
not be in front of a camera yeah that's
yeah but I took an idea though
maybe we'll take a video and maybe we'll
post it on Instagram or something yeah
yeah if you guys if you guys want to see
more of our kids follow us on Instagram
and Twitter then you would you'll
probably see more of her kids than you
would like but our Instagram Facebook
and what did I say
twitter twitter yeah you won't see your
kids on Twitter you'll see kids on is
your physic Carl says oh they flavored
bras OD Mercedes from a red ribbon I
think we tried that
no we just tried we tried names like
that yeah we had that ube cheese thing
great choice ube cheese bread oh yeah
and it's a motto or something like that
yeah um YouTube says we want to go back
to Seattle maybe summer time hit us up
man kiss up we'll uh we'll go eat at
someone here yeah I'll go eat some
Filipino restaurants where do you live
YouTube I feel like it's in Cali or
something like that but Kelsey said
bibingka
what's pathenger that sounds like her it
sounds like a Russian word is that a
Russian or
yeah okay Eduardo says do you have
something heavy in CL I don't think so
try puto bong bong and be big I know
puto I feel like is the rice kind of
like a rice small rice cake thank you
yeah yeah Mario says where's Lily she's
asleep and I don't want to know he goes
oh now you're gonna flirt with her yeah
I don't know she she was awake like
right before this life so I was like
kind of like I'm crazy she's she could
come I know
yeah I think she fell asleep at the
right time yeah we're having Christmas
at my parents tomorrow so somebody asked
that are you just saying no I'm just I'm
just yeah guys no I just that's how I
got her to go to sleep cuz I was like it
it's our like a pretend Christmas Eve
tomorrow yeah sleep right but I know
we're so excited guys Christmases I said
do you smell came in real life no I
smoke I mean it goes things by that we
all know that you don't know and it's
real life yeah I don't
okay Jeana says it's a rice yeah bonbon
the thing is okay okay okay there's
there's two commas that said the same
thing hey sorry guys these lives are
super like I don't know what's going on
um YouTube hi I'm Kelly browser Mercedes
it's good it's my all-time favorites net
I'm trying to make abeja laia make it
that's what that is
so we can know oh they're saved for us
to try making oh we're making okay well
we need to find like a recipe to use it
with on the list people will use this
one first and then make it yes okay so
reading that I never know where you
stopped and then I pick up so I just
kind of read hello I'm a fan of yours
hello Jan thank you for joining us yes
okay see you in the Philippines god
bless thank you
Eduardo asked what happened to her trip
to San Francisco we oh yeah we there
were at the time it we were gonna go to
San Francisco there were a lot of fires
yeah their air quality was terrible like
it was people weren't actually allowed
to go outside I mean they were support
they were told to not leave your house
and if you do you had to have mass death
and everything we wanted to do in San
Francisco was um outside yeah so also we
decided not to do that Yeah right and in
so instead like it worked out because
instead Kayla's mom like um wait what
did she do well she was she was looking
for a trip to go on and we were looking
for a trip to go on so we kind of came
together and ended up going to Phoenix
right for a few days and it worked out
because I don't know my our mom my mom
came with us and she was able to help us
with the kids and she had a bunch of
point saved up with from like her
vacation stuff and anyways that we were
able to go down to Arizona to Phoenix
and she was able to help us out with it
yeah and that was it was so awesome and
over so thankful and we were able to get
a little bit of a get away so that was
yeah and by the way guys we've logged it
I actually want to get those out
sometime soon years so yeah I'm gonna be
off season let me know we're gonna be
like like in the sunshine anyway like I
think two months ago right yeah I was
like two months ago so I'll try to get
those out to you cuz I think I feel like
we got some really good stuff so yeah
that's what happens in Francisco Beth
said more set is in New York with Erik
Santos and angeline quinto what oh snap
they will have a show December 23rd 7
23rd nobody ever made tomorrow that is
no yeah it is time nobody ever makes it
nobody ever makes it to Seattle yeah no
look it's it's my site it's the 22nd oh
but it's like 12
so that's like I mean technically yes
mom one says in every province or
islands here different we have different
food as I experience yes and hopefully
we get to experience it too when we go
over there
Eduardo you can go to Napa Valley and I
will see you there
maybe maybe we'll go to Napa Valley
we're thinking about taking a trip to
California maybe yeah I think so I mean
if we're in Seattle California's like
depending on where you go San Francisco
like 12 hours always so we want to do
that too right day trip right yeah
Kelsey says what month is the concert
concerts February I think it's February
21st to be exact I think so 21st your
toys the toys yeah and whenever the
tickets are on sale like well we're
keeping up on it but just keeps missing
you guys get a blast us and all our
social media saying the tickets are out
but I need it we need to do a little
more research so I know huh okay Sarah
says they said Sarah silent night mmm
yes we will do that we pretty soon here
guys we're gonna be doing our holiday
festivities so they're gonna work
probably gonna go mi a for like three
four days maybe now maybe we'll try to
get a video up where do you like a
little bit on social media of it right
yeah yeah Mario why and there okay
we had to get one of these comments and
why is it Kayla so pretty well what
beauty products do you use on your face
you're so you're so you're so pretty
thank you thank you Mario there you are
so pretty so um and then May DC is my
little boy max its hi to both you hi max
hi max someone's watching you guys right
now he said I was talking to Sony on
Facebook and I said uh give somebody a
shout-out I forgot who it was and I
forgot I'm sorry if that was you I was
talking to um anyways
okay sorry um Kelsey said she might be
there in the Philippines at the same
time I'll be cool
nice let's meet I know we need to get
our stuff together
no get everything finalized so that we
can get everybody all where we're gonna
be win and one more time if you guys
weren't watching before we up their
GoFundMe and we are so close and once we
hit that goal once we hit that goal
where we're letting it all out where
we're going and etc I just need to say
that we can like finalize all of our
plans which I got a GoFundMe link is
probably not in the description but it
will be after this this should put in
the scription I can't do that right now
but okay weirdo says the 49er is getting
better Gabe ah I don't want to talk
about football Seahawk sir are they not
doing it's a sour topic
49ers do look good Garrett Jimmy
Garoppolo is you guys you guys got
somebody with girl morale well I think
they're gonna be good in a couple years
give him a couple years thank you yeah
Thank You grace Mar for joining us she
says bye we should we actually probably
yeah we need to go okay so last look
through these last three and then we're
out okay oh my best says most Filipino
artist go where there are more Filipino
communities that's why they usually go
to California and she legit make sense
business-wise yeah to do that um Kelsey
says I'll be there in time for
Valentine's Day
um if all goes as planned
oh she might go to the states afterwards
cool yeah and John says Sarah will have
a concert in the u.s. yeah we saw that
that's pretty soon right yeah yes oh
yeah I think so yeah and I I don't know
if oh I mean I would love to go but I
just don't think I think it's in Vegas
or something but yeah anyways thank you
guys for joining once again on our lives
we appreciate all you guys who join and
like in common
it makes it really fun for us and you
guys first watching us you pay for stuff
to the brim probably turn purple
tomorrow yeah yeah so leave a comment on
the rebroadcast if you have any
suggestions for reactions or any thing
else Kelly did you want to say anything
else wrapped up um like why I'm like
what makeup products you use or
something like that um I am just I think
I need to go to bed I'm just I'm facing
out okay so thank you so much for
joining us though we love doing this you
guys and you guys make it really fun so
thank you yes so what did I say okay
I'll see you guys later
