it's just been really a really tough
situation more sobbing mouths
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
every second I spend here botanas whom I
start realizing how much you guys
actually must really love this place to
be part of it today
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
good morning guys and welcome to another
stunning day here in the Philippines
whistling botanas and today we are on
our bikes to explore this beautiful
beautiful island and it's getting off to
a phenomenal start we are here on a
beautiful windy road these roads here on
this island are so stunning especially
riding around on a motorbike or scooter
it's unlike anything I've ever seen
before got up this morning and it
doesn't matter where I go I just see
very kind loving people welcoming people
people that are proud of where they come
from people that are part of what they
do and it just shows the balance in the
spirit in harmony or not I just
absolutely love it and I want to talk a
little bit about the Filipino people in
general today and what kind of an
influence that they've had on our lives
since we started coming here two years
ago but for now let's mount our humble
steeds and I said George and Lucy's bike
is quite a bit nicer than ours but
though our little scooty does the job
we're gonna ride to a few awesome
locations first place is beautiful
dude morning Nelly good morning how's it
going good
it's another sunny hand super hot day
I'm glad that our luggage arrived oh so
nice to have a shower and put on clean
coats and really nice
can we please address the elephant in
the room the elephant the elephant in
the room which elephant the elephant
that Nellie's life got more subscribed
from yesterday to today than making it
happen but the good news is got my Rick
with it with me got the additional bag
so I'm going to film a vlog today or
just a few sequences for my weekly the
tennis blog so if we can continue
growing like this this is going to
happen very soon yeah
so what's gonna happen if you hit 200k
this year let's see I haven't even
thought about it I haven't even
published a video yet so let's get that
out first and then we can continue
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
so we were originally on our way to
model Hills but we had we had to stop
here because of this incredible view
George and Lucy are taking pictures but
an Instagram Marcus flying the drone
because this is absolutely amazing
breathtaking Wow
so something something not quite right
about this broad I can't figure out what
it is but something's not quite right
about it
the ax men are in the comments down
below you can tell what's not right
about this rod might have something to
do with the Spence waiver you're
supposed to be going in yeah so what's
the attraction on the other side of this
the molderos but there was just a car
that that came from the other side is
this maybe to keep cows out maybe
on a scale from one to ten I'd say this
is not a road so after the road blockage
we just took a kind of a detour that
wasn't really a d2 it was an off tour
and now we've ended up in this beautiful
level garden farm area so nice yeah it
is so so beautiful
should we keep on driving now let's just
see what happens let's see where it goes
[Music]
so this area is so beautiful and calming
there's like a really nice breeze
pulling proof you can hear the wind in
the grass
these cows and goats and all sorts of
animals just chilling out here you know
how this feels this feels like reading a
book and somebody's describing the
landscape and you can picture it in your
mind this is how it feels this is kind
of that vibe that I get true so nice
oceans back there what I wanted to talk
to you guys about today is just in
general how the Filipinos have changed
our lives since we started coming here
one of those things is taking the time
to appreciate the small things and
appreciate the big things when I say the
big things that I mean moments like
that's not and what I mean the small
things it's just like small moments
sitting together with people enjoying a
good time we never really enjoyed that
to the fullest before we start to come
to the Philippines but we really want to
do it here
a good thing is everybody's very open to
it's very different from any country
that we have been before and it's so
refreshing you just feel welcomed
everywhere you want to give it a try
for the Powell's
[Music]
[Music]
we gotta find our way
[Music]
so we just want this little lookup went
and every second I spend here botanas
the more I start realizing how much you
guys actually must really love this
place and be proud of the place it is
absolutely stunning yeah look at that
amazing gauge incredible huh so nice
crazy
you get impressed and then impressed
more and impressed more I know we
stopped so we just figured out we were
actually looking for Mulder or Hills but
we've been there
we took the drone shots there we're
looking at we're looking for something
that we've discovered documented and
left to find places before you even
intend to so we even know that you found
them that's absolutely incredible skill
that we've all managed to develop over
time so what should we do instead or
additionally no cuz we've done it oh
yeah starts with F and it ends with oh
well it starts with Bo and it ends with
mother yeah true that that works
[Music]
Oh No
[Music]
so we've just pulled up in this little
seems to be a fishing village and
there's not much here just a little bit
of a little bit of a beach but there are
a few local kids playing here hello a
few locals hanging out at the beach oh
it's really nice though so stunning such
a stunning place to be so it's time to
eat lunch it's already four o'clock yeah
many of you guys also the view there is
absolutely stunning so I'm really
looking forward to get some food in my
belly and I really need some
refreshments some water coconut juice
something so yeah as we walk down to the
beach is like a crowd of kids just
playing they don't really have any toys
they're just you know playing with
whatever they can find sticks stones
rocks they're building little sand
castles the plank like throwing catching
throw kind of game it's really nice
really cute and that's one of those
things you know you live in the West you
get so tied up with possessions and
iPhones and computers and all that stuff
all things that cost money but you come
out to some of these smaller provinces
in the Philippines come out to a
beautiful island here like botanas the
people are just as happy I'd say even
more happy than a lot of people that
have all these possessions so it just
shows you don't need a lot to be happy
you just need to be happy with yourself
and I think I pointed it out in one of
the videos where I said where we
actually talked about the reasons why we
want to move to the Philippines and I
mentioned the word simplicity
one of the things that and that's
something again that we learned from the
Philippines because before we also used
to be like oh we want a nice car and we
want those nice clothes the expensive
brands and you want I don't know like
all the stuff that you don't really need
and we'd spent more money on vacations
and staying at fancy hotels but now
being in the Philippines the only thing
we really enjoy spending money on is is
maybe some camera equipment that we can
make nicer videos for you guys and
otherwise just experience its food and
experiences another thing I learned from
you guys
pretty cool we just made it to cafe to
con going to try some local delicacies
here I read the comments on yesterday's
video and I really really love to read
how you guys appreciate the cinematics
and our vlogs and the style of our vlogs
some of you even said it looks like
watching a movie which I really really
appreciate and I'm so thankful for all
the feedback Mike puts a lot of effort
into learning new techniques recurring
camera bags that are really heavy I got
blisters from holding the camera so it's
really nice to see that this little
sacrifice gives so much joy to so many
people out there and yeah I hope one day
I can bring up my editing skills to the
level where Mike is so it's all about
the learning process and I practice for
years for years to be in front of the
camera so if you look back on our older
vlogs from the very beginnings you will
only find Mike and some Nellie awkwardly
standing somewhere in the background
hiding from the camera so it was really
really uncomfortable in front of the
camera thinking back I remember that I
hated being in front of the camera and
Mike pushed me to talk in front of the
camera to talk in English in front of
the camera I know it's a whole different
thing when you have to talk in a
different language so I really
appreciate all the love that you guys
are showing me as a as Nellie I'm really
looking forward to hit 200k on this
channel so I can publish my very first
botanas weekly vlog just let me know
what kind of topics you would like me to
cover and I'll I'll do so so I'm getting
really hungry we've been on the road for
the whole day with dojin dulce by the
way they're almost hitting 200k so head
over on their channel if you aren't
subscribed check out the videos we're
traveling with them so show them some
love as well and yeah that's it let's
have some food so right now we ordered
some local delicacies which
snails right we have very adventurous
with food we already had snails in
Austria Dubai Dubai many places so I'm
going to give it a try these are the
three big ones again these guys are a
far less adventurous when it comes to
food far less adventurous than we are
but look lucifractor mclaren got this
like a some low and play I just release
the snail from its host so this is just
different that it was their texture is a
little bit more kind of chewy oh yeah
[Music]
it's really good core I already tried
one but I'm going into a second try this
time ask for some salt because salt is a
flavor enhancer salt doesn't just make
food saltier it makes the flavors of the
food more intensified hence that's why
we have msg because MSG is just salt but
it's not as salty as regular salt it
just brings out more the flavor of the
other foods
not seditious early on that it might be
a little bit overcooked or we just use
the different texture yeah it's
different snail so they might be just
like a different texture but they're
good
the thing about snails is they don't
really have a taste of their own
actually if you just take a snail and
you boil it and you'd eat it it would
taste literally like you feel nothing
yeah it's more that the snail takes on
all the flavors of what it's cooked in
so I just it sucks in all those flavors
and the nice thing is about snails so as
we've mentioned throughout this vlog the
Philippines and the Filipinos have
really changed us in a very positive way
that helped us reach kind of a new state
of mind in our lives and just the
positive impact that we've received from
the Philippines we feel obligated to
kind of give back especially to our
viewers and not just give back and form
of the videos that we create on a daily
basis but also give back in a sense that
we want to help some of the people that
are struggling and yesterday we received
a very sad and heartfelt email in the
night which we read this morning and we
just felt like we need to act on this
email so one of our viewers and his
family got into a very bad situation
with a business that they were running
it's a bit of a long story behind it and
it wasn't just the business problem it
was also some health problems of his
father that made the situation a little
bit worse his father had a heart attack
and they had to deal with medical bills
and just health issues in general and
sadly his father passed away and he was
left to run the business and it's just
been really a really tough situation for
them and we can understand how hard it
is we have a business in which we
struggled in the past as well so
the thing is he wasn't asking for money
he just asked for help and we have a
huge community so we want to give back
we a part of this community as well so I
just want to help him in some ways and
so so Nelly and I thought of what we
could do to help straight away so in the
description you'll find a link to our
blog and you can see his email and you
can see ways to help so essentially he's
trying to sell the house it's it's then
hustle yeah it's like the last thing you
need to do to overcome these struggles
yeah and right now we're gonna create
the blog post and we're gonna put in a
screenshot of his email we're gonna ask
him for if he has a PayPal account
because I know some of you guys would
like to support him in any way so we'll
try and put in a PayPal account and you
can just send him a few pesos anything
anything small Willie even helped and
we're gonna ask for details of his
property and so we can put it in there
as well and what we just ask from you
guys if you can give every little helps
but also you can't if you don't have
anything to give yourself just spreading
the message and sharing that blog post
on Facebook will help a lot will embed
this video I will embed this video as
well on the blog post so that people can
see the story behind it we'll have the
screenshot of is email and any details
and updates that we get from him we'll
just keep adding to that blog post and
you guys can share throughout this
community we are almost two hundred
thousand people on here let's really try
it help and support him in any way we
can we hopefully we can make a bad
difficult situation a little bit less
bad and yeah
Lilliana I know the feeling we've
struggled in the past with our business
we've been in tough situations and
luckily we had a support system of
people that that could help us could
support us so now we want to be we want
to be his supporters and we want to be
his
Foundation with this community together
and I think all of us together can
achieve a lot
as mentioned spread the word let's make
the sad story happy again let's make as
positive together as a community and
support support other members of this
community if you did enjoy this video
please give it a thumbs up subscribe if
you're new around here and turn on the
notifications please share us as much as
possible let's make it happen we'll see
you guys tomorrow same time same place
remember to stay awesome be positive and
make it happen oh sorry
[Music]
