ice
cream you guys are like proper
adults Apple all right love what do we
need to get I see we've gotten a baby
already what else do we need she's
making a list she's checking it twice
she's going to find out who's nice is
this the most expensive food for a trip
away oh my God yes it is
[Music]
it
are you tired now I'm tired W all
afternoon I'm I I'm just about ready for
either beer or coffee beer or
[Music]
coffee it feels like years since I've
last been to maati we've come out today
to go to the legaspi Sunday market
together with Kim Tom and the family
we're going to buy some groceries for
our trip tomorrow to Batangas we're
going to be there for a few days and we
want to bring some delicious foods that
we can Grill in the Garden Grill by the
beach and just enjoy and what a
stunningly beautiful day to come out to
the Sunday market dud we got really
lucky with the weather because I felt
like when we left BGC it was still a
little bit gloomy it looked almost like
it was going to rain but right now Sun
Ain't shining in BGC exactly but yeah
this brings back so many memories I used
to go running here in the park almost
every day
though it's a lot more Greenery than it
was back then a lot more shade yeah it's
really grown it's so nice here and over
here we have the
curator yeah the last time we were here
was 1 year ago really wow yeah that's
crazy we more than a year ago actually
because it was when we cooked our
Seafood blog and we got all these fresh
amazing Seafood from the legaspi market
and maybe maybe we're going to be able
to get fresh seafood once once again and
maybe we could do that seafood boil for
the fam and for the squad let's
see hello good
morning everybody hello good morning Hi
how are you no no no but he said try it
first and if you like it he'll give you
hello ice cream
fre love it smells so good around yeah
like all the food I think it's mostly
it's a barbecue yeah oh yeah this look
really
good hello wow smells good so I just saw
Kim has made a food schedule for us for
the Batanga that's right that's amazing
so Monday uh we're actually going to
have useless Monday we're going to have
lunch in Guai more like an early brunch
and then when we arrive in Batangas
we're going to have a barbecue dinner
so we need to get stuff for our barbecue
dinner and then Tuesday we'll have maybe
a light lunch I was thinking and then
dinner a barbecue again only thing that
it doesn't say is who's cooking you guys
are like proper
adults okay we're parent yeah I might
not be an adult but I'm a great cook and
so is she
fantastic okay
so I'll just the baby we don't usually
manage to feed ourselves but we at
cooking mom you're on dishes I'll try
I'll do you're on
entertainment okay so we got coffee and
Grill coffee and Grill babysitting and
cooking planning entertainment dishes
hold on what are you doing I'll
film I'll
film emotional support emotional support
I'm good at that feeling okay grilled
grilled vegetables everyone happy with
sounds great
and we're going to get me somewhere else
wow here we have some bibinka calls
binka going on this looks very nice oh
look at
the
[Music]
oh noise we ordered some P bom bong and
some binka and some palito that's going
to what's
palita it's difficult to explain but
it's also in the same family same like
Christmas uh Christmas this like
glutenous rice flour we just kind of we
kind of lost the fam got to catch up
again okay so grilled peppers or coret
or coet zucchini oh you call it zucchini
kette kette that's very French right
kette no well in the UK we say forette
oh really yeah oh okay what do you call
this
cucumber what she said cucumber okay
she's not in Duty for the
veggies no no don't want on cuc we have
we have three different answers
already oh what is
it so we got cucumber cucumber kette
kette and I said zucchini zucchini I
nearly went a zucchini yeah but then I
realized I don't know what a zucchini is
kette kette have you ever had salted egg
no I've tried um belot twice but I've
never had salted egg salted egg is
awesome and great makes an amazing
salted egg salad it's it's it's to die
for okay I mean is it similar to we had
one one time oh what's the gray what's
the What's the Filipino delicacy that
has The Salted egg in the middle of it
binka yeah binka we just ordered binka
oh I've tried binka before I like binka
yeah so that yeah that's a salted egg
okay perfect I'm in I'm in basically
every food that you're saying the answer
is just yes okay
amazing okay looks like we are all done
here at the market we got all the
veggies that we need uh we got uh some
bingka to try for later and now we're
going to head to the curator I I haven't
been to the curate in such a long time
as well so I'm really excited to go the
trip to bangas is going to be so nice
hello barbecuing and having a good time
I think maybe I'll bring my guitar on
the Strip we have a house that we're
staying at by the
beach should be
[Music]
nice hello how's it going
hello I know we're just popping into SM
AA to go to SM markets honestly the best
value for money grocery store that there
is in BGC at the moment and we're just
going to get whatever we couldn't get at
the market like oh the dog just pooped
in the
mall so we're just going to pop into SM
markets to get just like canned goods
some drinks and then the Lio as well
just because we love the limo at the
market here so it's really good and then
are we going to marinate the LI today
already y nice oh it's got to be so good
looking forward to that
all right love what do we need to get I
see we've gotten a baby already what
else do we need I've got the list right
here so we're getting Lio we're getting
salted egg she's making a list she's
checking it twice she's going to find
out who's naughty and
nice okay okay love hold
this
may it's always surprising to us to see
how expensive vegetables can be in the
Philippines especially if it's things
that aren't as like popular as not so
popular in Filipino dishes those
vegetables are usually immensely
expensive potatoes for example we're
looking for potatoes now and a bag of
potatoes like 5 kilo bag of potatoes in
Austria will be like â‚¬3 or four EUR Max
but here you take like a few small
potatoes like one small little baglet of
potatoes with four potatoes inside and
it's 100 pesos already
crazy hello he 12 because it's from Sun
sweet so they're extra sweet wait is
that three different ones that is one
that's one that's one in three different
colors 126
pesos so that's I'll just put that
back so if I get three in the UK is
probably 70 P sa going to go
B I just open a b
yeah
oh get
Tom I think this is the biggest grocery
shopping Hall I've ever been part of me
too bus you're not paying just
kidding this is actually
yeah Kim even got toilet paper I I I
don't know what we're planning but we
just in case the food is cooked really
badly oh yeah we both get 14850 I'm
saying
14850 a that's cheap got that's the
cheap one
okay well I think 13 13 yeah okay I'll
change to 14 14 okay I'll stick with
15 is this the most expensive food for a
trip away that you've ever spent they
have to look how long that receive this
for two okay now for a 2day vacation
Batangas guys look Jesus what did we buy
toilet paper for we have a whole roll
here
love you doing your famous pork marinade
why do you always say famous it's not
famous it's just the thing it's just the
thing that I do well it's famous on the
internet already you know a lot of
people are like interested in your
cookings in your culinary
skills true but um yeah so we decided
since I got 2 kilos of Lio we decided
we're just going to make some of them
into pork or v c skewers nice and throw
it in the grill as well nice nice nice 3
and 1/2 hours later we are done with the
marinating so this is everything so we
got chicken in N Sal pork barbecue pork
Lio we've got our rump steak in here
that is marinated in a briy seasoning
you've got to take over we've got mashed
potatoes mashed potatoes potatoes for
potato salad um vegetables for grilling
pastas to make a tuna pasta in the back
and then we have chopped up salad in
some lemon seasoning that's it we have
plenty more I'm realizing how much food
we've gotten this seems like it's for 7
days we're only gone for 3 days and two
nights and we're still planning to get
more Seafood from but tangas I think we
don't I think if we yeah I think we we
don't have to get Seafood anymore I
think just this is enough it's way way
way too much food for one night but for
two nights I think it will do fine we
have to figure out how to can't begin to
describe how it smells here are you
tired now I'm tired we go afterno you
know that was back beating that garlic
to a
poop bye-bye where you going going to my
[Music]
house we are starting with the
offroad we're very close already to the
property we're about 5 minutes away
[Music]
[Music]
this is like proper off-road isn't it
yeah going on the offroad
ooh are we here I think so cuz it says
private property do not
trass so either either we're here or
we're
trespassing could be one of the two both
are okay by the way would you like some
uh pal
leaves that's banana
leaves why do you like to do that nice
oh my
God oh my God yes it is it oh this is
looking nice already I think this is the
place I sense some beach back
there drop off trees I re that way oh
yeah well welcome to Batangas welcome to
Leon Batangas we've actually never been
here I've heard a lot of Leon many times
but we've never been out to Leon and now
finally we're here together with the
keto family to have a few relaxing Days
by the beach and this is looking so
beautiful look at that look at that
lovely stretch of
beach we got here just in time for
sunset we got here just in time for
sunset
yeah so nice and peaceful
here wow so it took us a while to get
set up here um get the car unloaded and
everything nice and cozy and yeah we're
finally done and I think now it is time
for a quick little property tour quick
little room tour of the place so you
enter here through this massive door and
then just look how big this placees we
got a big dining room table not quite
sure if we're going to have dinner in
here or we're going to have the the
barbecued stuff out there I think
outside's probably nicer over here we
have a living area we have a projector
set up I brought my projector from at
home so we can watch a movie here on
this white wall it's perfect then you
have over here we got the coffee station
set up don't travel without my coffee
machine we have some lazy boys here not
talking about Tom and I I'm talking
about the chair itself this is so comfy
you can just picture us later tonight
mik we all settled in wine in
hand you know what it's really got I
know this is crazy cuz we live here in
the Philippines but you step outside and
it has that like distinctive holiday
smell I don't know if it's the beach but
I think it's like a combination of the
beach and places nearby like doing
barbecue Esau and that kind of stuff it
is it's just such a nostalgic smell for
me it reminds me of childhood going on
holidays and I love it a it's so nice I
think this is also a perfect spot for
morning coffee and edits yes this is a
good edit spot yeah right all right got
power outlets over there close to the
Wi-Fi I'm trying to find the Wi-Fi oh
perfect all right and then we move on
see you later Tom bye we move on we have
a few bedrooms all the bedrooms here
have unsuited bathrooms then here
there's just a general bathroom we have
this long hallway with Spider-Man what's
up Spider-Man yeah and then uh here we
have our bedroom hello hello I've got to
lock peanut in yeah you got to lock
peanuts in here right now peanut there
she is how was your trip long way to
come here wasn't it girl yeah but you
were good kitty such a good kitty such a
good kitty oh somebody's feeling cozy
already rolling around all
happy now that is a happy cat right
peanut yes that is a happy cat if ever
I've
seen there's two more bedrooms here area
you see if you have a rice CER or
something
is this it oh yeah that's it oh yeah
rice cooker very important and then we
have a fully stocked fridge the best we
can do perfect love amazing exactly what
I need for for
everything thank you you're welcome look
at all the food we have proven myself
useful already with this because I
there's more I'm I I'm just about ready
for either beer or coffee be or coffee
I'm just about ready for wine why not
wine I don't oh my God I I put the wine
in the refrigerator but it'll take a
while to get cold so is this the only
light to W
there's no there's more on the side so
they
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
must
[Music]
that's very much like or
[Music]
something oh wow we have an amazing
spread of food here so excited to so
exciting to so excited to dig again we
have poran po we have veggie skewers
which I flambeed with butter to just
give them a little bit o Flay we have
chicken skewers chicken
legs and
rice
no D can Canon
Canon does that mean like a meal with
rice
