what's up everybody it's your friendly
neighborhood hunting that goes back
again how you doing with the mess
reaction video I was always by my side
ha see ha family to never coming at you
with the soup lady Eva herself Katrina
Lyday do you cover a flashlight which we
will let myself don't remember who we
listen to you do a cover of it on the
wish list wouldn't Samantha wish list
the first night I remember we listen to
somebody doing a cover on the channel I
don't know what it was or who owes
because now my Justin Jessica did we do
Jessie J real voice yes probably because
that's you go flashlight I don't know
we're very prepared and good a tear down
go ahead and watch me so far I'd like
her first performance was my favorite
when she did Michael Bolton her original
song we didn't really understand it but
I enjoyed it and it seems like
everything that I said about it was
correct
again it's poisonous kiss was what it
translates to and a lot of people said
we got the idea of the story and it was
very impassionate but it was kind of
harder for me to get into that 180 not
knowing the song and also not knowing
the language is a little difficult for
me to really you know be bought into
that other than it was a good vocal
performance flashlight I really like the
song maybe the first song I've heard her
perform that is actually a song that I
really like yeah I have high hopes and
expectations and I just hope she can
live up to it yeah because we know she's
got good though fun so yeah vocals are
on point but this is the first time I'm
going to hear her actually singing a
song now like I am intimately like aware
of like I understand what it's supposed
to sound like how it flows and how it
makes me feel you know I mean so up the
ante a little bit but I think she came I
think she could do it she's live on the
stage right a blue soda so it's like
we're going to have like that feeling of
like that live performance going on I
hope if it is on the stage I believe
it's a live performance I'm not sure the
let's jump in there get out see what's
going down
looks like being missing I don't see you
at all well that's like my thing
I do Moses is your preferred answer
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah you got your vote
[Music]
you can't get a girl she went got it
Oh
I told you I had high hopes and she she
where she graduated Wow
[Music]
yes even your world this goes well yeah
[Music]
she
[Music]
Wow
yeah okay all right I have a feeling
that a mr. Klain evil should be joining
the Divas it looked at the enemy KZ in
company Oh awesome like how many years
her with KZ like ally wait to hear a lot
of mixes I would like to hear
performances like when we saw Safa Xia
in kV
I think they should just add two clave
you go and that's it really what I think
is really cool with the wish FM Awards
like they did that a lot they mash up a
lot of really cool artists yeah I
enjoyed that I wish they would do that
outside of your work show like I say
would have performances on the bus I
mean I'd probably be harder to get
multiple artists lined up but I think
I'm doing really cool and exciting for
the award show to to have that like a
little bit of a change
yeah oh I agree that will be awesome not
to hear her with them I will say this
now okay no matter how they do
performances it's not on the wish list
it's not as good because their audio and
they're like I guess video there's
option quality there like this Holly not
the best yes what are the highest on
YouTube yeah looking like the best range
of YouTube channels and they will match
our audio and video quality i honest and
wish up and how does everybody else if
not beat their equals yeah so watching
any other performance it's not on wish
is like wow like I wish this was all the
whispers I got some animate now like
halfway through like she needs to do
more like this on which buzz and it's
like but the reason is because like like
I feel like on the wish behavior
yeah it's that better quality so you can
better enjoy and you can better get like
the feeling of like her performance the
cool thing about this though is the live
audience you have to see in a different
situation different scenario and I like
whatever was on stage with her like
jamming out like that an interface of
Gabby I don't know what that what this
show is this is like a talent show or
like a talk show or something
um I don't let us know more about what
this show is
yeah down below well that's not what you
thought as well as any of the videos you
like the CF Lodge this is phenomenal I
her and she's climbing up the ranks and
one of my favorite already a singer yeah
yeah I love I love the things that she
was like found on YouTube yeah that's
not cool I love stories to that exactly
where he's just like I'm all about an
underdog story yeah that's appreciated
my manager like I'm all about that -
yeah if you like this video click the
like button if you want to see our
future videos give that subscribe button
uh-huh welcome to the saying thank you
so much for hanging out with us and
watching this amazing performance if you
need to find your way to our next video
make sure to use the flashlight OCC bye
