[Music]
black sheep of Asia people commonly
refer to the Philippines as the black
sheep of Asia
Filipinos included people also commonly
refer to the Philippines as less like
our geographic Southeast Asian neighbors
then like the predominantly Catholic
formerly Spanish colonized often
culturally Americanized latin-american
countries academic scholarship from the
Philippines take to largely the same
position working from the assumption
that the Filipino self-image is
historically non-asian seeing itself as
belonging instead to the Western
Hemisphere to wit early post-war and
cold war scholarship excluded the
Philippines entirely from studies of
Southeast Asia as if it were not a part
of the region at all but has has always
been the case and what do these
assumptions elide about what maybe are
more complex multifocal and evolving
national identity in history today I
will argue that the idea that the
Philippine nation and people are
explicitly Asian was deeply central to
the concept of the Philippine nation
when it first emerged as well as to the
political argumentation and
revolutionary organizing undertaken in
the name of sovereignty for that new
nation first a bit of background the
important global moment of the late 19th
to early 20th century with all the
changes in technology sovereignty human
exchange and ideology that it brought
it's too often apprehended in Asian
historiography there a bilateral
framework privileged in relations with
the West
sure the interaction between the west
and the East was important and we always
hear about the West interacting with
itself but there is also an East East
narrative as well Ana narrative that
takes place entirely between the
colonized nations alone a large history
of the period barely acknowledges the
long Philippine Revolution which began
against Spain and continued against the
United States of America took place
against a backdrop of imperial
incorporation and local resistance that
was truly region-wide
I don't have time to acknowledge each of
these contemporaneous histories but
these slides will allow you to match
the converse of hardening empires and
quickening local resistance that
enveloped Southeast Asia at this time
this era also saw the emergence of Japan
as a non-western imperial power this is
important to this story because the last
quarter of the 19th century saw a global
increase of violence monopoly capitalism
and direct colonial rule that was bound
up in the intensified Western Imperial
struggle to partition the world which
greatly increased the sense of
insecurity in the rest of the world
pan-asian ism which emanated centrally
from japan and china advocated asian
solidarity under the aid of japan
against the encroachments of western
imperialism internalizing a loose belief
in a vague evolutionary social Darwinism
in which mutual aid and cooperation
among those of like races and cultures
would allow for better competition in
what they perceived to be a global
competition of survival of the fittest
among nations mainstream sign eccentric
East Asian pan-asian ISM also hinged on
an understanding of a common destiny in
an Asian struggle against Western
imperialism
and at times against westernization or
even modernization this idea of a common
destiny with the intellectual vehicle
that Southeast Asian pan-asian is used
to enlarge in Japanese plantation ISM to
include Filipinos Vietnamese and other
members of oppressed Asia beyond just
the East Asian cynic world indeed my
dissertation showed that the
revolutionary first Philippine Republic
foreign collaboration represents the
first instance of fellow panelists
lending material aid toward anti
colonial revolution against the Western
power and harnessing transnational
pan-asian plantation networks of support
activism and Association for doing so
but why would this be the case that the
Philippines did not consider itself
Asian today my talk will unpack the role
that Asia played at this pivotal moment
of Philippine history in order to
correct our overly narrow understanding
of Philippine history there were
alternate visions of world order to
challenge that of the Western Imperial
alternative moderna ds2 that which the
West
offered and the reason why the
Philippines was ultimately drawn to
these is also important to note for what
it tells us about the International
framework of power and race that
underpin this transnational moment in
Southeast Asia at the turn of the 20th
century the moment of the birth of the
Filipino nation is the late 19th century
when they enlisted others or the
educated elite constructed it and the
Philippine Revolution organized it
leading briefly to the first modern
secular republic in all of Asia
prior to this active work the very third
Filipino meant a Spaniard born in las
filipinas I mentioned this to illustrate
how necessary it was to construct the
concept of a Filipino it was not simply
assumed the illustrators propaganda
movement which worked centrally through
their European based newspaper la
Solidaridad inscribed the new Philippine
nation within a more within a more
ancient Asian landscape imbued with
civilizational importance recognizable
even to the Europeans rather than
arising simply on an island with no
visible ancient ruins or historical
grandeur the propagandists apparently
thought this older Association necessary
with a richer documented civilizational
realm uses a visible laugh of ancient
kingdoms around which Filipinos could
assemble their own unique Philippine
eyes nationalism for example the
propagandists sought to recover their
Tagalog language a member of the
malayo-polynesian linguistic family as a
marker of autonomy and identity issuing
the Roman alphabet the propagandist
about a Tagalog orthography or spelling
system Jose Rizal wrote to Maria Infante
excitedly in 1888 the new Tagalog
orthography and writing system we are
using is perfectly accord with the
ancient writing and with the Sanskrit
origin of many tagalog words as I have
found them in the British Museum
thus this active recovery succeeded not
only in effecting a symbolic separation
from Spain but also restored the
dialogue to its pre colonial Asian world
unless already dead Asia largely appears
as constructed through the history of
civilization with a capital C and is
noted for its heights
treatment albeit in a defensive tone an
important feature in this construction
of Asia through the history of
civilization with the premise that there
is something like Universal civilization
and that it merely passed from one
incarnation to another from east to west
and back again this ephemeral unitary
concept of civilization formed the
mechanism by which the illustrators
could reconcile the current state of
material inequality between the East and
the West and the rise and fall of great
powers it is interesting to note that
this is precisely the theoretical
premise that would later characterize
president jos√© P Laurel historical and
political thinking and that grounded his
time Asian ism in the 1920s and 1940s
Filipino nationalists writings of the
period commonly referred to Filipinos as
belonging to the Malay race this
emphasis on being part of the Malay race
was a way to counter Spanish and
European European thinkers who described
the archipelago as overrun by an anarchy
of tribes and races Rizal declared
himself to be Malaya Pagano and in his
1890 annotations to the scholarship of
antonio de morgan explored hypotheses of
shared racial and civilizational origins
for filipinos with Sumatran pala nations
and even Japanese results Paris based
organization India's Bravo's agreed on a
secret agenda of liberating first the
Philippines then Borneo Indonesia and
then Malaya facing Spanish persecution
results spent a week in 1892 traveling
through some dr. Borneo in 13-day
Malaysia to seek a land grant from the
British government to establish a
Filipino colony at home among their
purported racial brothers
writing from Paris in 1888 Filipino
painter Huang Luna wrote Jose Rizal
tell me about your travel impressions
especially about your stay in Japan
whose people is so attractive to me I'm
an enthusiastic admirer of their
painting and I think that is it is as
advanced as that of Greece and Italy we
should study more that country who may
resemble so much in contrast to the
Espada's desire to claim the Japanese as
their racial brothers the ethnic Chinese
commercial minority in less filipinas
with a target of prejudice
there are repeated references in la
Solidaridad the differences between the
Malay Filipinos and their cynic
neighbors in Asia particularly regarding
cynic Vice meanwhile Marcelo H Neapolis
asserted in a famous 1890 article that
the Spanish government itself recognized
racial similarity and affinity not only
between the Filipinos and other Malays
but also with the Japanese fearing the
Filipinos to deal frequently with other
individuals of their own race who are
free and independent as the born ants
the saya is the Cambodians and Japanese
people who in their customs and feelings
differ greatly from the Chinese the
government acted toward these others
with great mistrust and great severity
thus in this interpretation the Chinese
stood apart from the rest of Asia while
the Japanese stood with Southeast Asians
and Filipinos racially and culturally
even though they were integrated members
of the cynic world the inclusion of the
Japanese but not the Chinese on these
terms since a difficult paradox to
reconcile particularly given the mixed
Chinese ethnicity of the propagandists
themselves except through the
propagandist desire to aggrandize the
filipino by claiming the Japanese as
among their racial kind while holding a
staff is superior to the pure culturally
unassimilated Chinese immigrants in
their midst in the same manner that the
Spanish did while employing race as a
category and treating races as real the
illah service argued against a fixed
ranking of the races arguing instead for
a multi-linear evolutionism rather than
a deterministic orthogenetic Darwinism
however as we can see their use of
racial categories had its own higher
archiving logic and involved responses
to Western practices of ranking that
only serve to legitimize the framework
of that hierarchy Ising as their complex
relationship with their own Chinese and
animist Filipino tribal brothers
illustrates la Solidaridad reinforced
the idea that Filipinos were Malay an
1895 article proudly declared the
Japanese are male and the Filipino
inhabitants are Malay la Solidaridad
also hotly challenged
any suggestion that the Filipinos were
not Malay mariano ponce a dedicated an
article to the spanish writer Vicente
Fernandez and in it wrote his
excellently has the nerve to say that
the Malay element is not exclusive
not even preponderant in the Philippines
- what race when did the Filipinos
belong all as laundresses ethnographers
of the world will be grateful to his
excellency appear to surprise us with
the news that the natives with the
exception of the Negritos do not belong
to the malay base and not only the
scholars would be grateful but even the
children of the primary schools of
Austria and Germany because they know
from their teachers the deep offense
taken at vedantists assertion reveals
just how much the illustrative
civilizational and rational racial pride
depended upon their identification with
the Malays it also underscores the
instability of these racial
constructions and how global hierarchies
and international perceptions of
civilization achievement were deeply
implicated in they're constructed
nationalism even as Lestrade is claimed
to disavow them indeed the easy disavow
of the Negritos which was the term at
the time for the Philippines animists
indigenous peoples in the mountains in
Pontus article evidence is the implicit
workings of an internalized sense of
hierarchy the negritos of the
Philippines were either a liability to
the illustrators quest to win political
and civilizational recognition or an
easy instrument by which to shore up
their own racial superiority a way to
say to Europe nuance your denigration of
Filipinos your stereotype may fit them
but not us the Katipunan
the secret society that would begin the
philippine revolution upon the failure
of the propaganda movement that came
before it was the direct intellectual
inheritor of this work by the propaganda
movement to construct an asian
philippine nation and one finds
precisely this kind of theoretical
argumentation emphasis on the
Philippines Asian heritage and turned
towards Japan as a new symbol of power
in the writings initiation rites and
private letters of the Ngati paneros and
the revolutionize of the first
Philippine Republic as revolutionised
and anti colonial thinkers States
increasing Spanish crackdown in the
Filipinos they moved to Hong Kong
Singapore and especially Yokohama where
they would harness anti color
pan-asian is networks in an attempt to
aid the Philippine revolution so let's
close this discussion by tallying what
these overseas revolutionaries Asian is
organizing was like in order to get the
sense of pan-asian ISM in motion this is
not all solidarity unity and brotherhood
initialism was a romantic fantasy and
trafficked in emotionality in bonds of
friendship upon which the networks of
aid and political organizing rested but
it was grounded in power calculations
and instruments instrumentalized by
those in colonized Southeast Asia for
nationalist purposes first and foremost
in the newly racialized geopolitical and
intellectual framework the colonized
believed this racial solidarity
necessary to their political projects so
body faster sent delegates to negotiate
with the Japanese government to obtain
firearms the Japanese Duke and Admiral
the Congo and consul Manila agreed to
sell arms to the Katipunan
they organized the reception for the
Japanese Admiral upon his arrival Manila
Emilio Jacinto asked Japan to play the
role that France did to the US during
its war of independence there are
accounts from several thirty paneros
that Bonifacio offered japan
protectorate status over the philippines
one account claims that Bonifacio agreed
that Mindoro would be handed over to
japanese control the Bonifacio did not
verify this Japanese Minister for Okuma
obtained permission from the US
government for military shishi captain
Takizawa to accompany US troops in the
Philippines as an observer although in
the Philippines with the Americans took
his hour freely passed a lot of
sensitive information back to the
Filipino revolutionize
including the fact that he was sold
Americans were attacked Manila three
days hence in 1898 once al canal de was
setting up the his government and the
first Philippine Republic he named
former propagandist Mariano Kwan said
the Philippines for an emissary to Japan
a mission that ranked fourth out of 28
budget items of the organelle no
government bonds I lived in Japan from
June 1898 to March 1901 he met Japanese
officials and persons of all levels and
joined and attended meetings of various
Asian
I tease including the oriental young
men's society which included Koreans
Chinese Japanese Indians Siamese and
Filipinos as members and getting the
patronage of prominent Japanese
politicians within the society the
problems of Korean the Philippines for
topics of active discussion in Japan
don't aim at the chinese Confucian
scholar coming your way who led the
hundred days of reform the exiled
leaders of the korean reform movement
the Korean government and Prince Party
MP o as well as the Chinese
revolutionary and future President of
the Republic of China Sun yat-sen with
whom he became a lifelong friends for to
field an individual Japanese support is
to train the philippine revolutionary
army several japanese volunteers sailed
to the philippines to train a granolas
army along with arms and ammunition the
Hong Kong committee was also successful
in procuring arms to the first
Philippine Republic but what sustained
Japan misses successfully in terms of
delivering intelligence to the Hong
kong-based point of the philippine
revolutionary government and in shaping
foreign asian opinion on the rightness
of the philippine revolution his work
questioned Filipina with published
several times in Japan and Shanghai with
scholar Rebecca Carl are you set for
Chinese intellectuals it was this piece
by Bond set that first persuasively cast
colonialism as a global discursive
problem a characterization that not only
facilitated the universalization of the
Philippine national experience well
beyond its particularities but one that
endured well beyond the duration of the
Philippine situation itself indeed you
have Asian leaders as later sukarno
referencing the Philippine revolution
and Rizal as inspiration Apolinario
Mabini published an important article in
1899 in which he declared that the
revolution had as its sole objective and
final goal the aspiration to maintain
alive in Brighton Oceania the torch of
Liberty and civilization so that
illuminating the gloomy night in which
today the Malay race live debased
integrated the revolution will show the
road to its social emancipation written
by Alan Alda's closest adviser and the
first Philippine Republic Minister
foreign affairs this is a strongest
statement we have on the deeply racial
interpretive framework and
a vision that were operative in the
Philippine Revolution the Philippine
revolution eventually ended
unsuccessfully a schism continue to
inspire certain pockets of Filipino
discourse and the world of ideas albeit
from the sidelines
yet the distinct mode of critique and
alternative visions of cosmopolitanism
modernity and world order that pan-asian
ism represented were neither unimportant
nor short-lived in Southeast Asia not
only did they abet and inform what would
become the post-war discourses of third
world ISM and family ISM in the
Philippines but they're also embedded in
the very foundations of the Filipino
nation
[Applause]
