hustle and bustle welcome to my cutting
now this is old Makati okay I'm at
Makati cinema square or formerly known
as it's now just called McCarthy square
even my driver was cool I got a taxi
100 pesos from their main makutsi Manila
where I was near the Clipper Hotel a lot
of cheap shopping and market stores here
even though it's a mall and cheaper food
and of course armed school shooting
range and gun club in the basement level
thanks okay so I'm at the basement level
of cinema square trust traders name of
the business they're really nice with me
so he said I could make a quick video
but I have to avoid the stuff I don't
want to put one color green this is a
Noriko this is a Chinese manufacturer
norinco is a Chinese company but this is
a 40 caliber in P 58 40 caliber Smith &
Wesson they shoot hot meaning it's a
high-pressure caliber I don't like it I
prefer 9-millimeter but to each his own
and are they do work well just to give
you an idea they also stock MagTek
ammunition
okay MagTek has a very good brand i
meaning they're known for being very
reliable to have good quality assurance
it's the full-metal-jacket they are
selling them 21 pesos each they also
have hollow points for how much 40 47
pesos each for hollow points
okay these 124 grain as you can see Full
Metal Jacket very nice very nice and why
is this interesting they've gone with a
good brand that's all they stock as you
can see they have multiple calibers
forgive me let the camera adjust their
multiple calibers and 45 is 31 pesos
each for Full Metal Jacket do you know
how many grains 3 220 or 200
230 okay 230 excellent this is a Glock
21 I was very interested is a gem fall
because this is a 45 caliber Filipinos
viewing they love the bomba they love
the big boom but and this all sorry the
pricing this is forty five thousand nine
hundred and forty seven forty six
thousand pesos then you have to pay
licensing separately only Filipino
citizen only a Filipino citizen can own
it and how much is the Noriko this is
about 1970 are about twenty thousand
pesos almost just a bit about that just
to give you guys an idea and this is how
much capacity for ten rounds of living a
living round capacity and this one is 13
plus one 13 round capacity was this
interested to say that I'm gonna just
show you guys I got I'm not gonna point
this at anyone that's why I'm pointing
out the ground yeah
okay guys it's clearly empty but um yeah
it's also locked clearly it's locked but
there's there's been nice letting me
take a look at it I'm gonna put that
down there I might hand that back I
think that back to you yeah thank you
and yeah very nice
this is interesting Nariko have really
made a comeback they used to make full
quality goods but now it depends on what
year what time period they'll you know
that there are like a joint manufacturer
meaning just because this isn't Rinku
doesn't mean it came from the same
factory but it's basically a copy of the
Sikh believe it's a Sikh p226 but
supporti caliber so it might be two to
nine forgive me forgive me I forgot
wrong but it's a pretty much exact copy
of the six er 200 series see I've cocked
it this is the decocker okay not the
trigger the decocker up here sorry and
what have I done see energy costs it
it's because your trigger lock on me but
um see what I mean so just has the
features that's what I'm trying to say
press that the lower the hammer safely
and that actually puts a firing pin
block it blocks the firing pin to make
it safer as well if you use the the
appropriate decocker anyway just
interesting and I'm gonna mosey on
around because you don't want to be in
camera so as you can see this is just a
small branch in Robinson's gallery Oh
Robertsons Galleria is your main branch
so they also have yeah more a larger
branch in mora you know just just to let
you guys then and though they all see
have more samples to show people
okay trance train there what's got
Taurus on display here these are all
tourist pistols but we're not too
worried about that buzzes interesting
they got the good stuff okay thank you
very much
okay still in basement level this is
where all the gun stores are like
they're all literally I gotta be careful
some don't want to be filmed you know
they're all just light laid out like
market stores
this is Twin Pines corporation as you
can see they have multiple stalls around
Philippines a bunch of them had problems
just because of previous administrations
making it so strict so they had to close
some of the satellite stores in the
provinces but they still have them in
the major cities because they're just do
it to do with the gun laws because those
changes the gun laws as you can see
cleaning products all brand names and
accessories what got my interest with
these magazines
these are lances very high quality
they're maple will known for being
reliable I'll go show you inside and
other accessories you know other
magazines I just had chapters oh no he
doesn't want to be on camera which is
why I have this thought to myself the
stuff are right behind me all right so
it's not like I'm running around crazy
but as you can see all the accessories
this is a smaller satellite store in
Makati cinema Square or sorry McCarthy
Square oh they put away the magazines I
had a bunch of magazines laid out to
show you guys but you get the idea I
mean ition for sale too
okay so so you could come down here and
look for yourself just want to show the
guys who may not have seen it before or
maybe a bit of gun shy
now though saying that's interesting
they they specialize in civilian sales
but they've sold a lot of everything
pistol rifle and shotgun but they said
rifle is most popular one of their best
sellers is the MMP 15 it's a type of
ar-15 or m4 style rifle okay I don't
want to get too technical but you guys
know what I mean it's just another type
of ar-15 style rifle but yeah they said
three gun 3-gun competition shooters
tend to buy the M&P 15 and it's one of
the best sellers there's not much more
to show you guys on the guns it
typically locked up this is very common
in Philippines they show pictures and
whatever and then and then you can look
at a catalog and then if you're a
serious customer then you buy it but
yeah I just want to showcase another
stall but I've even been to their
dumaguete store before it closed down
but I didn't catch it on camera and then
see you some Eastern Western so yeah
they get all the brand name Sig Sauer
Glock as well what else yeah they've got
all the brand name is basically you know
you put it in a water and yeah and you
bring it in they import it I just let
you guys know the Lancer magazines
average two thousand pesos which is
about forty dollars us and the Magpul
magazines are four thousand pieces on
average which is about $80 us now it's
as ridiculous but the reason why they
imported goods and because of the brand
name Magpul have such a good brand name
now that tends to be a very good seller
but as we all know
Lancers have reinforced steel feed lips
these are very nice magazines to take em
off
I'd rather buy Lancer but anyway this is
good this is good to see the brand names
Marine arms call makutsi Square Mall in
the basement level at the very bottom
basement level
they've got some basic sporting rifles
check it out they've been expanding have
been expanding this wasn't here lies fun
textures I want one of these
I want one of these taxis in pesos okay
these are in pesos it doesn't usually
include the licensing fees from what I
understand she get the storm see the
push it up they expanded they got all
the accessory Canada this was a new
before so they've opened it up
ammunition obviously as well all the
accessories
[Music]
yeah they've really expanded broadly so
I mean it's a it's a gun club and retail
stall and a shooting range so all three
why not
they're selling their product and of
course they are a manufacturer of
ammunition as well
that's the names Rockland armory but
they exported the world very popular in
USA well they got 30 caliber carbine for
26 bases each that's actually hard to
find sometimes okay yeah it's special
between three pesos each 9-millimeter
full-metal-jacketed to pesos each and 45
caliber 25 paces I'd say excellent price
that is an excellent price Full Metal
Jacket usually 45 to around 30 pesos 35
paces
the Buckshot where we got I think that's
number seven you know McCool I'm looking
for the heaviest rock where is it
anyway 25k says a shotgun Sean nice okay
and all your accessories are hearing
protection all the other stuff cleaning
products excellent good to see is the
professional office they moved they just
be here now they've opened it up it's
cool well it is a professional facility
that's why I recommend it I'm not joking
around guys be very careful of those
dodgy ranges because you can get hurt
you can get seriously hurt all their
trophies
they've got sports teams they've got
competition teams online is the range
now let's take a look let's go run
[Music]
I'd better go grab a pistol myself I've
covered it many times guys I've been
here so many times I might as well
become a member this is awesome
I met this gentleman Randy he actually
said hello and he said what season are
you following me
I was like what you watching my videos
so go ahead and introduce yourself me
and I'm here I'm Laura
you know
what's your huge YouTube blog and that's
all you are announce or every year yeah
yeah thank you for visiting Philippines
and also blood why do you have a
favorite video any particular video that
you might have liked but adventures by
Brandon okay thank you
now thank you appreciate because we're
joking you seen all my shooting videos
and now he's is there an arm school and
you or maybe I'm looking at this one
I've heard yeah it's been very popular
in USA where you can swap the barrel
from 2030 cm to 9 millimeter so you have
two calibers it's a package here are you
gonna maybe tried today okay well you
know maybe they have a sample you can
look at maybe there's a sample we can
look at but um yeah oh no no just look
at his brother he doesn't wanna get in
camera but I'm awesome impromptu you we
didn't set this up meddlesome subscriber
so thank you or any anything you want to
say to your friends or family maybe just
say hi okay cool was also meeting will
chat some more okay thanks man
[Music]
[Music]
all right guys let's get shooting I've
already been to this range many times
before word covered a lot of things so
let's use the map one go for about one
nine millimeter plug in my frame it's a
copy of the cz-75 we're shooting lit
reloads with a cop Teflon coating okay
just blinking training ammunition
and I'm coming close kitchen
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
magazine we're shooting it five meters
by the way guys
well that was my warmup I did some dry
fire practice but these were two
separate groups I'll just change
checking my holdover meaning well
selling my sites but god I'm pretty
tight touching each other I was actually
holding up here there's weird I was
loading up here and then they'll
dropping here and I was holding on the
center and they were dropping down here
that's me that's all me meaning I'm
inconsistent let's see these actually
two bullets touching okay so as you can
see I lost it I pulled one I pushed too
far to the left but yeah I dropped one
here many I was aiming here and I
dropped it really low I jerked joke the
pistol down and same thing here I was
actually aiming a higher I was aiming
high and dropping it low and of course
the same here and dropping it to the
right for some reason mangas pushing too
hard
for some reason but yeah not too bad
[Music]
[Music]
this is not my last mag I'm just gonna
have some fun guys
[Music]
okay repertoire
okay here we go
obviously still learning still
practicing what I found was I'm not
making excuses I'm right-handed and
usually right-handed people will push to
the left this gun was shooting to the
right so I actually think the sights
were off so I was typically aiming here
or here I mean my point of aim was here
but my point of impact is here to the
right which is unusual okay the same
with the head shots the way I achieved
that I went really slow aiming up here
and I dropped it low right for some
reason so when I was aiming Center I was
dropping low right again so it's
consistent that's just why I'm covering
it but again that's all idea the idea is
to try and learn try and understand why
you're shooting this way okay and then I
just wasted some bullets on the left
side just rapid fire and that is sprayed
everywhere but you're not too bad I mean
see if some of these are bullet on
bullet touching so the gun itself is
consistent you know but maybe I am NOT
as the shooter I think besides near
adjusting but anyway it's a good fun at
the range
professional range Thank You Kuya
awesome stuff huh and some other
shooters thanks for watching just do the
line thanks for watching the adventures
okay done we're rolling thank you
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
