all right today's reaction video is
pretty
straightforward the title reads top 10
foreign
celebrities who
insulted
Filipinos
disgusting who are these 10 foreign
celebrities and why in the world would
they insult the Philippines and
Filipinos I want to know know that if
you are new to the channel
welcome chel my name is I'm a sound
engineer BeatMaker and content creator
on YouTube and with that being said
let's figure out let's see if these
insults are warranted I highly doubt it
but you never know let's get to
it
I recently came across a disturbing
video of foreigners disrespecting
Filipinos and the Philippines so I did
an extensive research on why foreigners
look down on Filipinos in other words
why foreigners think Filipinos are
inferior to them
see this is pretty new to me that's one
of the reasons why I wanted to react to
this video because I have never seen or
heard a celebrity or a foreigner in
general insults Filipinos except for
those uh africanamerican women who were
upset that their men were uh you know
leaving uh to the Philippines to find
wives you know that that's it said this
many times but I'll say it again the
passport BR most hospitable people on
the planet and this hospitality is
rooted in the empathic Filipino culture
most Filipinos are humble and respectful
I could not understand why they're being
looked down on foreigners who visited
the Philippines would attest to that
it's really nice we really love the
people they are always smiling oh life's
great here the weather's great people
are all so cool and nice and yeah I love
it just great place yeah uh well I've
only been here for a couple of weeks but
uh so far I love it you know the people
are amazing they're friendly um
everything's convenient and uh so far
it's everything's been really good it's
been what I expected for nature is is
amazing and people are very humble I I
love it people are super super kind we
came here three years ago for the first
time and we just couldn't wait to come
back it's just beautiful nature lovely
people super helpful super easy to
communicate with because so many people
speak English Filipinos who travel
abroad usually you know and the proof is
in uh is in with those foreigners who
decide to travel to the Philippines to
just visit the Philippines right for a
few days perhap a few weeks and end up
staying in the Philippines for
months maybe even years I mean isn't
there like that uh Canadian from
Montreal as well Luis Lis portel or P
portelles right I think that dude like
went to visit the Philippines and then
decided to stay in the Philippines for
so many months that is just proof that
Filipinos and the Philippines is such a
uh a welcoming country you know where
you feel comfortable and I know for
certain that that's going to be my
experience in in May
2024 you know there are a lot of you
that contact me that try to to lower my
expectations they are afraid that my
expectations for the Philippines are too
high do not bother I my expectations are
right where they need to be okay because
I've been informing myself I've been
reacting to so many Filipino content
I've been in contact with Filipinos
whether it be via soci soci Media or
even in real life so I know exactly what
to expect and I think everything is
going to be just
great but thank
you focus on their job they contribute
to the economy of their host country but
in spite of all of that they're still
looked down on and mocked by foreigners
of all nationalities well show us the
Europeans or Asians why it's worth
reading a few comments from Asians and
other foreigners regarding Filipinos
being looked down on he keeps saying
that Filipinos are being looked down on
but so far he hasn't given us any
examples I'm going to read a few
comments and then provide my own
insights the comments will help you
better understand why foreigners mock
Filipinos the first comment is from Yang
y he's a Singaporean I believe he writes
you're probably thinking of Singapore
and Hong Kong in terms of Asia one is a
tiny Island and the other is a territory
in China most of Asia does not hold
Philippines in any form of consideration
at all good or bad singaporeans and Hong
kongers are unfortunately overly status
driven competitive people part of it
because we're the runs of the pack
constantly bullied and suffering from
small man
syndrome actually there are also quite a
few Middle Eastern countries who also
looks down on Filipinos in places like
Hong Kong and Singapore where the
economies are doing well many people
tend to focus a lot on showing off their
success this means they often try hard
to look rich and successful they might
care a lot about having things that show
off their High status like fancy cars or
expensive clothes they build their image
around the idea live in ath not life
this happens because being successful
and having a good image are important in
these places where the economy is strong
some people in other Asian countries
might not think highly of the
Philippines because it's not a wealthy
country it's not as wealthy as those
countries people often associate and you
know the looks and money and stuff is
just fluff it's just that it's just
stuff when you remove all that what
stays really in the end you know it's
education Traditions
culture uh education and the Heart of a
person you know what I'm saying
unfortunately money is something that we
need because that's how Society was
built Society was built around money but
if you think about it if Society was
built differently we wouldn't even need
it and we wouldn't even feel the need to
show off that we have money and we would
focus on things that are more important
like kindness and togetherness and I
feel like that's those are traits that
Filipinos uh have and
understood Na's wealth with its value
but it's important to remember that
every country has unique strengths
Beyond just money like culture
traditions and kindness that's exactly
what I just said in some Middle Eastern
countries some people might not think
very highly of the Philippines because
the Philippines is not as rich as those
Middle Eastern countries I have never
stepped foot in the in Dubai with it
wealth and I'm not even interested
mentioning that I stayed in Dubai for a
month and it was a horrible experience I
did not enjoy my one month step in Dubai
why what are the reasons it felt dull
and boring all the T buildings
everywhere and no nature around no trace
of nature
around everything seem to be brought in
from other countries they don't grow
vegetables in Dubai because it's a
desert it's really hard to feel bored in
the Philippines there are so many things
you can do even just sitting on a bench
in a park and watching people live their
lives can be an interesting
activity the Philip so far I'm enjoying
the video but the title of the video
says top foreign celebrities who
insulted Filipinos and so far he hasn't
even spoken about what he mentioned in
the title and that to me feels like
clickbait you know it bothers me at
least start with that and then you can
talk about something else in the middle
and perhaps finish with that so intro
and outro but come on man he's lucky to
have a lot of Natural Resources you can
easily grow your own vegetables in your
garden yeah because the country a lot of
Filipinos do that almost all types of
vegetables are cultivated in the
Philippines and you can find a variety
of them in any Market that's not the
case for Middle Eastern
countries someone else writes yes it's
because Filipino now typically work as
blue collar workers janitors domestic
helpers low-level overseers and
managers throughout Asia from the Middle
East to Japan note that there isn't
anything bad with their job
descriptions since Asians are status
oriented many Asian countries especially
East Asia and Southeast Asian countries
look down on Filipinos while shopping in
Hong Kong the mere mention of you being
from the Philippines would result to
immediate
snobbery due to corruption people of the
Philippines are left with no other
option but to travel overseas to find
better job
opportunities because they have families
to take care of also because of
financial problem some Filipinos are
forced to drop out of college ofws so
overse Filipino workers I think their
job opportunities are limited to Blue
Collar jobs like domestic hter
is corruption is a big issue in the
Philippines because Filipinos are
naturally forgiving and resourceful
corruption is a big issue in developing
countries inos focus on finding ways to
earn a living now let's talk about the
top 10 foreigners who disrespect there
we go finally people okay one Daniel
Brown he's an American Author he wrote a
novel titled Inferno includes a
character who describes Manila as a city
of horrible traffic jums suffocating
pollution massive poverty and a thriving
child sex trait he describes Manila as
the Gates of Hell in his novel that's
harsh this commment is a me how he
described so Manila it's it's true but
that's not all there is to to Manila you
know but how those that phrase that he
used to described Manila or the
Philippines is very harsh but it's true
those things that he mentioned do exist
in the Philippines but I've never heard
of this uh writer of how westerners
generally view nonwestern
countries but why did he choose Manila
why not New York or
Philadelphia there are states in America
that are much worse than Manila some
states in America are literally the
perfect representation of Hell mass
shooting homelessness gangs and we need
the context of uh why he said that about
Manila you know why did he choose Manila
as an example what is the book really
about or that chapter you
know on we can't judge his book or what
he said just like that because of
American
exceptionalism it's deeply ingrained in
the culture meaning we don't see what's
wrong with us because we're special
instead we pay attention to what's wrong
with other countries oh no the US is
messed up nonwestern countries number
two l h she's a Korean Australian
actress stay so can have a glass of
water please thank you excuse me I'm
little bit fasty so can have a glass of
water I'm little bit fasty I have a
glass the reason she mocked Filipino
accent is not because there is something
wrong with the accident itself no it's
because of the stereotype that the
Philippines is a poor country remember
all of the stereotypes associated with
the Philippines and its people are
rooted in economic
disparities if the Phil personally I
love the Filipino accent I really do
from the get-go I remember when uh you
know uh my co-host was still doing
reaction videos with me and we started
reacting to Filipino content I think we
had a discussion and conversation about
the accent the Filipino accent and you
know she wasn't very fond of it but I
remember telling her that I really
enjoyed it from the
beginning was as rich as a Singapore
those stereotypes would not have
existed also The Superficial Korean or
Asian culture in general makes it easy
for people to focus on superficial
things like accent skin color and so on
number three tellor catch yeah but see
unfortunately even Filipinos care about
those things man skin color and their
you know natural facial features and
they try to change it they bleach their
skin they try to look whiter and they
try to make their noses look thinner
with surgery and if they don't have the
money for surgery they're going to put
on tons of makeup you know to make it
look thinner and everything so it's not
just foreigners unfortunately even
Filipinos uh tend to look down on
Filipinos you know which is so
sad the Canadian after on the David
Letterman Late Show I know this guy he
described flying from Japan to the
Philippines to start working on Oliver
Stone's
Savages according to kitch he was
stopped at Customs for not having any
pages left to stamp in his passwort he
claimed that in customs everyone was
smoking and despite having a work visa
he was told he was being sent back to
Japan it turned out that Taylor has
never been to the Philippines and he was
actually in
Indonesia although the Philippines
government demanded an official apology
for from the actor he never really
apologized I know it's a little bit late
wait so he mixed them up Indonesia and
the
Philippines maybe it was an honest
mistake honestly I need this guy who
made this video to actually show us uh
the proof like a video or the writing or
something honestly the examples that
he's giving us are not that uh apologize
now interesting but on behalf of all the
good people of Canada I apologize for
the ignorance of Taylor number four Lucy
oh Lucy Lou she appeared on The Late
Show with David
Letterman when Letterman asked Lou if
she enjoyed running indoors or Outdoors
he replied I run in a machine it's
easier for me also if I get really dark
I'll start to look a little Filipino it
wouldn't match unfortunately such a
disgusting comment what
is do you feel insulted by this uh
comment I mean it's it's it's a fact
Filipinos are Asians who are darker if
you will than the other Asians
right I don't I mean I'm not Filipino
but if I were a Filipino I don't think
that I would be offended by this she is
stating a fact yes don't get me wrong
there are Filipinos that are very white
Filipinos that are very dark some brown
some many shades right but I think that
a good portion of them are Dark and
which is beautiful which is great so
what she said unless she followed that
by an
insult I don't see it as a as a uh as
her looking down on Filipinos you know
she just chose Phil Filipino as an
example because yeah they tend to be
dark Asians you
know don't they call them like the
blacks of of of Asia not in a derogatory
way you know but like they are cool like
African-Americans you know to me they're
super cool you know they know how to
sing they know how to dance they are
smart they're they're awesome so I don't
know considering how we have been
conditioned for decades through mass
media movies social media and so on that
Li skin is more attractive than dark
skin since mass media especially
Hollywood movies is controlled by filter
rich white Elites who think they're
better than the rest of humanity
especially brown people they reflect
this ideology they reflected in their
movies number five Terry Hatcher okay
okay now that I think about it maybe it
is a little bit insulting so she's
saying that she rather run at home on
her treadmill because if she goes
outside she will tan and look like a
Filipino and she does not like that so
she's basically saying that if she is
she if her skin is dark it's ugly okay
yeah that could be absolutely seen as an
insult so that is not cool ceu
definitely not cool if you think about
it that way yeah mhm yeah yeah yeah
yeah she's an American actress and
singer the offending common came when
Susan mayor played by Terry Hatcher
throws a fit at her gynecologist and
questions his credentials because He
suggests she's going through the early
stages of
menopause can I check those diplomas she
says
because I want to make sure they're not
from some med school in the Philippines
oh before we go any further can I check
those diplomas cuz I would just like to
make sure that they're not from some med
school in the Philippines although
Hatcher okay so that was in a freaking
show she did not write that right it's
the writers you got to be mad at the
writers not her but yeah that is
definitely derogatory you know that is
an insult to the Philipp
was simply playing a role in a movie
there you go again like I said before
her common is a reflection of how
westerners generally view nonwestern
countries institutions like schools are
automatically perceived okay I'm sorry
so you cannot include her in the 10
foreign celebrities who insulted the
Philippines cuz she's not the one who
insulted the Philippines it's the
writers inferior to Western
institutions regardless of the quality
of education for example we all know
that the education system in the
Philippines is similar to that of
America and the quality of Education in
some schools here Filipino University is
Great American schools but that doesn't
matter why because they associate
Philippines with low standards number
six Alec Baldwin he's an American actor
comedian and producer he appeared on
David Letterman show and said during an
interview that he was contemplating
paying for a Filipino male order bride
to Father more
children I really don't know what to say
such a sick mentality is a manifestation
of a sick
Society what did he just say I did not
uh catch that really like I did not
understand what he said I feel like he
did not pronounce things properly
such a level of ignorance is a byproduct
of Decades of deliberate
brainwashing number seven James Kimmel
Jimmy Kimmel he's an American television
host comedian writer and producer he
insulted president duterte by calling
him
lunatic if you truly understand the
concept of a exceptional list
meaning okay I'm laughing because do
was seen outside of the Philippines as
um let's just say a strong president who
did not do things uh in a conventional
way okay I'm trying to put things
nicely whose fault is that it's the
fault fault of the media okay and Jimmy
Kimmel his job is to make fun of things
okay he's technically a comedian so you
can't really take whatever he says uh uh
seriously or personally and I'm not
trying to defend him and before I
started reacting to uh some duter videos
and speeches and honestly a little bit
of uh Filipino politics that's the idea
that I had right because if you do just
a little bit of research that's what
you're going to find about uh duterte
but as I started reacting to him I I
learned a lot more about duterte and saw
that he was actually a pretty decent
president that loves his
people and did some good you
know during his presidency so yeah
Special so we don't make mistakes we
don't look at our crimes because we are
special then everything will start to
become clear no one will be defensive
and you'll see the bigger
picture number eight CL Dan she's an
American actress Danes was in Manila for
several months to shoot scenes for the
movie broke down palace in her interview
D described Manila as a Gastly and weird
City similar to the common that the
American made about they can't see
what's wrong with say New York because
it's not in the Philippines it's a city
in a so-called it sounds like a woman
who went there to do a job you know she
did not really experience the
Philippines and when I say experience
the Philippines I'm not just saying go
out just in the fancy places and hanging
out with your circle of people no it's
going out there and interacting with
Filipinos you know try to understand
their traditions and cultures that's how
it sounds like to
me first
world but then again although some areas
in New York New York are far worse than
the worst areas in Manila far worse than
say
tondo I lived in New York for a year and
I visited Manila a few times trust me I
know what I'm talking about number nine
Jay Leno he's an American comedian he
insulted Filipinos by
saying hundreds of barefoot Filipinos
march on the roads through the
Philippines carrying heavy wooden
crosses and whipping their backs until
they bled to prepare for Easter called
me oldfashioned but I just like coloring
the
eggs he made several remarks about
Asians but what else can we expect
so is he saying
that the suffering of
Filipinos doing all that is warranted
just for him to get his egg or whatever
you
know like it justifies their pain is an
American radi host he made several
remarks about Asians he characterized
the Philippines as a country where
fathers sell their own daughters for sex
stereotypes about the Philippines and
its people will never change will never
go away sense as long as the economy of
the Philippines Remain the way it is
today this country
and his people have a lot of potential
and it's destined to become a great
nation finally we will never make
progress as one human
race as long as we're distracted by
superficial things like skin color
nationality and so
on so what do they all have in
common why do you think they made such
disgusting
comments who or what is to blame for
making such disgusting
comments uh it's interesting but I feel
like the examples that he chose were not
that precise and maybe taken out of
context some of them yes were
insulting I don't know but the bottom
line is that if those were indeed
insults you know and meant to be insults
like direct insults to the Philippines
then that's disgusting true and just
flat wrong except for the facts like the
first example that he he stated you know
that he gave us about the writer who
said that you know in Manila there are
some parts of Manila that are very poor
and sad and that the traffic is is you
know is rough I mean you
guys contact me to tell me about the
traffic you know that it's not the best
in the
world um but yeah I mean it was
interesting I I enjoy reacting to these
types of videos it's just a nice uh
change of pace for me you know sometimes
I like to turn not turn off my brain but
not think about music and analyze music
or
singing um but yes honestly I just hope
that bong Marcos is going to uh be able
to add to the Philippines you know make
things better for Filipinos I'm I'm
crossing my fingers
seriously um there you go let me know in
the comment section below your thoughts
on uh this video do you agree with the
guy that made the
video uh yeah tell me
everything and of course if you found
value in this video do not hesitate to
check out my other reaction videos right
here
