I did but uh knocks all right and I am
nowhere near ready to start this video I
have to take the painting down and put
on pants all right all right all right
so this moment is Filipino language
month and I feel guilty because I don't
know much at all so I think you're not
really cool fun thing to do to celebrate
August Filipino language months before
1-9 wake up is - I don't know do some
pretty cool things with tongue twisters
cuz kakakaka bah bah bah roughly
translated are you nervous
which I think I am because I'm going to
suck the rest of these next is one of my
favorites and when I say favorites like
lying
it's one of those like it all say this
five times fast
Bosco foxy Oh pop go back to Mexico my
skills
let's go bask in POSCO that's Gilpin / Q
so again translations here are hard but
it has something to do with cooking
bigger in Christmas or cooking
Christensen and vinegar I don't know let
me know in the comment section down
below because I couldn't quite hear this
well
yeah I'm fixing my hair get it get over
it
next one is company bunny what up which
that again
how penny penny wanna I think guys
nailed it because that's believable
don't bump this one this one time we're
going to try it though it's shaggy like
Delilah's which I think roughly
translates to a really pretty hard word
it's wonderfully brilliantly awesomely
hard our next word is a sparkling word
Kumu coochie-coo teed up let's see if we
can get that if we get that a little bit
better
Kumu qu t gu g tap no that's like ooh mu
KU suited
[Music]
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
no wait that's not one of our words not
cut cop hi pop I got by knocking up hog
pop I'd go back knocking upon pumpkins
like their daddy was any listening it's
troubling that I'm not getting any of
these hey dukkha potiki booty key judges
not Dow Paducah Bodhi key boost it BA
Paducah post iike booty key judges sting
evening and now for something completely
different
I'm trying I promise I'm trying on your
real Oh me Leroy I rolex that one
translates to Leroy's watch there's a
rollin weight know what's good see you
Rollie so this next one oh yeah I'm in
trouble I'm pretty sure this is one
you're supposed to say like a million
times fast but I don't think I'm going
to be able to do it this one translates
to like full moon and then months of
fullness
Gabby Logan on one blonde nam kappa oh
god Kevin luo gan nan guanine why do
none get it Kevin
pretty sure I almost said Kelly Dugan
I'm know who Kelly Logan is Kelly
hugenon blonde blonde non callable debt
Kelly booga sanic googan nan Guang Guang
nan Kenny Lucas Kelly lugan nan Guang
Guang nan Kelly Phuket kabi kabi loogie
I got it and I'm pretty sure that my
friend sent me this one because I okay
it don't put it on we're doing it don't
force it don't force the purpose of such
a bit dope oh yeah don't put it on
within
towpath which translates to 77 white
sheep this is going to make no sense to
like half of you let's let's try to
Timothy me Susan on this is lamb
non-city roughly translated Susan lock
clicks key or the cage of the chicks or
chicken
Dave you're Susan I want my chicken okay
there's absolutely zero chance I'm going
to get this one right even with a
million years
practice so I'm just going to try I'm
going to try the best I can
we're gonna get through this okay mini
conical me monocle on Makena Nong Mac
Monica me Monica and on this one the
best translation I can come across is
that Monaco fix the wind up doll or
something somewhere step so as we get
closer to the end is getting worse and
worse and worse and worse
but we're keep trying right give us the
gold college try alright
speaking of colleges if you want to
college let me know what college you
attend competition level up completely
unrelated teachers alright
Pina poutine means the perio and written
routine Patong Patong but Tom and let's
go FINA me defeat REO and pecan
poutine hutong Patong Patong which hold
on let me check and see what the hell
that means
so the best translation I can come
across is like seven white pastries sort
of play expect on top of each other
somebody save me so this should be our
last one we're a try it where to go
we're gonna do it where try to go fast
alright you can do this cacao non Lanza
con Coonan some mai kakou young-hee
tinkin jab√≥n Khun wat kind non caca fun
cut cane kaha pond and succubus
I do thank you so much for sitting down
with me while I do some of these
I am currently trying to learn a little
bit of Filipino and I'm not doing great
at it but I figured that while I try to
make these words fit properly in my
mouth maybe I could make you laugh in
the process and also maybe appreciate
how complex the Filipino language really
is it's really complex it's really cool
thank you for all of your time and
energy let me know in the comment
section down below if you want to see
any more videos similar to this because
there are all kinds of other words that
maybe don't properly translate from
English to to college that I might want
to share and all that stuff and until
next time tak gonna turn the lights on
don't forget to like subscribe do all
those things that make me love my job
also be often to yourself amazing to
each other hi
[Music]
you
