are you planning to open your own coffee
shop in BGC or restaurant in Sharjah
question mark yes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
good morning guys or should I say good
afternoon we had a fairly late start to
the day today
and when I say late start to the day I
actually mean I started the day off
early but I only started the blog really
late so I'm actually coming to you at
around 3 o'clock in the afternoon I just
finished editing the vlog I'm pretty
proud of this video can't wait to
publish it
how you guys like the video we're all
gonna go out and hang out at the beach I
want to go and buy a little frisbee some
way so we can play with the frisbee on
the beach
George is gonna bring the guitars of a
good place on guitar so now I'll bring
all my stuff back up to the room plug in
my laptop to charge get the YouTube
video uploading and then I'll check in
with you guys from the beautiful beach
in Boracay
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so right now Nellie and I are heading
out to the beach to actually do a Q&A we
just put out our Instagram story asking
you guys for questions you'd like to
you'd like us to answer so we have
another Q&A in a long time and today
it's been really busy with everybody
working on the laptop so it's nice just
to answer some questions reply to some
inquiries submitted by the community and
so this is the chance to
get to know all this
I'm ready not easy Jason yeah how are we
going I don't know really my hand is not
based on that again
full engine you make the best coffee all
right so it's Q&A time I think the way
we'll do it is I'll ask one question
from my account you asked one from your
account okay so the first question is a
mic what's your other business from
smoky smoky j ir smoke eater smoke eater
well I don't like to think of it as an
other business anymore because we're
kind of focusing on the s-- community
here as our main business but the other
business we do have right now is an
advertising agency it's located in
Austria and we do mainly staffing so
let's create work more coordinative work
and back in yeah section le that was the
most of the work for the agency and I
focus more on editing the videos and
YouTube so when mike says mainly had
some work to do it it's mainly the
operational side of that business yeah
what's the next after the two months
trip in the Philippines we already have
a pan it's very exciting it's a very new
destination for us maybe a new
destination for you guys as well and the
controverted yet there's some
announcements to come in the very near
future so stay tuned top 3 Island Beach
Hotel mode of transportation coffee in
the Philippines so far Wow good question
Island I'd say chaga coming in Boracay
Boracay Boracay mode of transportation
aeroplanes another aeroplane motorbike
and coffee I would say Arabica Toby's
estate
the curator but that's only in Manila
because I really love little wave coffee
here in Boracay but I don't get to come
here sauce and so it's like honor it
honorably note for little wave so as far
as the islands go I really fell in love
with of course cigar
number one but I also loved Sakura was
really fun coming in and amazing coming
in was really different in a good way
yeah very good question Ivan underline
SI thank you very much relax Luna asked
who does all the editing always or
mostly is it scheduled good question
good question
so Mike does all the video editing I do
all the picture editing I think it's
good to have two separate past tasks
although I think you wish you would have
somebody to help you out sometimes yeah
yeah yeah but I love editing so I
wouldn't on the one side it's it's very
strenuous doing daily like George and
Lucy one day George edits the videos
when they're Lucy edits the videos and
for as it's always me editing the videos
which is a lot of work but at the same
time I feel like I wouldn't want to give
the creativity of making the videos out
of my hands and I'm always very proud of
every video that I created the blog from
yesterday I'm so so happy with that vlog
from yesterday so really yeah awesome so
I and I enjoy editing pictures I
received a lot of questions about preset
I might be working on it and then also
if I'm not doing editing pictures I do
other stuff as we mentioned already
before we like agency work which has
also deadlines also not on the estimate
replying to comments messages on
Instagram and all that stuff is it Rex
San Diego ask the question are you
planning to open your own coffee shop in
BGC or restaurant in Sharjah question
mark yes is the quitter that's literally
the question it says question mark yes
they may or may not be something in the
works we don't know yet you don't know
yet nobody knows it we're very
passionate about coffee and things might
happen but we haven't made any decisions
yet I think that's the best way to
describe it
which bloggers in Philippines would you
like to collab with that you haven't met
yet I must say coulis we've met him but
we haven't really collabed yet I'd love
to I'd love to collab with coulis
because he's just a nice guy Bret
maverick hilarious he makes me laugh all
the time I watch his Instagram stories
and I'm just laughing the whole time
it's really really cold seems like a fun
guy to hang out with and we've been
messaging back with some fours on
Instagram as well so definitely wouldn't
mind meeting him yeah and really there's
so many there's so many there's really
nobody no not a single blogger in the
Philippines where I say all I want to
meet them everybody in the Philippines
that everybody that comes into the
Philippines seems to share the same
spirit and energy as we do and I really
would love to collab with all of them
yeah I think it's a very positive minded
community so I know they we received a
lot of questions a lot of comments about
the fighter boys to collab with them of
course we already know some of them
so if our paths cross we will definitely
make something happen
yeah of course here's a fairly easy one
maybe Nelly and I should answer at the
same time what is your favorite kind
west song you ready three two all right
three two one
power
it's a power why how is not your
favorite song what are the lyrics of
power I don't know any lyrics many
lights many likes Whoopi's scoop no nice
good people hate whoops descriptive what
they scream I hate it's the song called
Kanye was so logical chaos also asked
the question with the best coffee shops
we answered that earlier and this
question was from champagne champagne
Colby Gino boy asked have you learned
any new traits or behavior during your
travels here in the Philippines eat with
spoon and fork every dish with spoon and
fork that's like a new trait I feel like
since I've been in the Philippines a lot
I've been doing this a lot I've been
sitting like this a lot I don't know why
it just kind of feels right to do this
when you're in the Philippines there
sure seems like it seems like the right
thing to do it's a drone squats yeah my
drone squat position also new skills
I've learned so much in my time here in
the Philippines when it comes to
filmmaking just because I'm so inspired
all the time by everything everything
here in the Philippines inspires me so I
keep pushing to learn more hard to film
this and I think you guys noticed that
levelled up the video quality and the
blog I've been getting a lot of comments
about that so yeah that's that's on my
side okay so my side I learned to open
up my heart
new things new how do you say a new
culture I realized that she and
Philippines everybody treats you like
family straight away and I have I talked
about this yesterday with George I said
on our very first trip to Quran I was a
little bit afraid to walk during the
night in a dark alley and I was kind of
oh this seems a little bit sketchy but
now I'm like yeah
nothing will happen that people will
just come and say hi and that's that's
also all the neck nine nine nine asked
physics question what would happen if
all nuclear bombs are detonated in one
place funny enough he watched a video
about it yesterday yeah I don't know how
you came up with that question but it's
an interesting one big-ass fallouts but
watch the quits kassak video for all the
details a little bit for to talk about
the time itself actually I I turned off
the video like 60% true because the last
40 percent they were talking about what
if we built atom bombs from all the
enriched uranium and then blew that up
and at that point I was just like I
don't want to know I don't
I turned it up wow there's a lot of
questions about the coffee shop in the
Philippines like a lot oh four or five
questions already
well we're heading towards sunset so
that the light is changing like every
few minutes and have to readjust the
camera oh here's a good question from
reggie la paz what language do you guys
speak when talking to each other we
actually speak German yeah
just every every now and then English
slips in or when Georgian do say around
or other people are on that to speak
English we we speak English because I
think it would be rude if we just spoke
German nobody can understand us so yeah
most time German unless English speaking
people are with us then we speak English
unless we have secrets German with
Austrian dialect yeah exactly
okay so as you guys remember we did a
road trip in January and then another
one at the beginning of this trip and I
received a lot of question if driving in
the Philippines is safe that's a
question for me right yeah generally
speaking yes you have to be extremely
concentrated throughout the whole time
you got to look out for tricycles
because oftentimes a tricycle will turn
right and it looks like he's he's
pulling off the road but then they'll
just make a left turn so actually
they're going right because they can't
do a full turn if they just turn they go
out right and pull into the road again
and very often that happens that you're
driving there's a truck in front of you
the truck will slow down so you think
you can overtake and then all of a
sudden this tricycle comes out tricycles
are super dangerous when you're driving
especially on Overland roads where
usually you drive like a hundred
kilometers power or ninety kilometers
power and also in cities where you're
kind of looking out and concentrating on
we are kids we are people crossing the
roads even without looking yeah so I
would it's not the people that worry me
so much because that really is my
responsibility to look after the people
that are on the side of the roads but
with tricycles you just don't expected
that they they just brake and turn and
oftentimes the tricycle
the brake lights don't work
you try it that's the one thing that I
says then just tricycles and I say
Manila is easier to drive than in the
provinces and the provinces the people
drive a little bit wilder than I was
driving in Manila so I can definitely
say a lot more aware of what's going on
around you but I have no problem so far
I feel like driving through the
Philippines I felt safe all the all the
way just you sure to everybody on the
roads everybody on the road seems to be
paying attention to everybody also seems
okay another question is if we are going
to Mindanao Mindanao is very high up on
our list so Davao City and the rest of
Mindanao the only little speck of taste
that we got from Mindanao so far was
coming in Island which we really loved
but you can't really call it it's it
belongs to Mindanao but is not really
Mindanao so you need to we definitely
want to go there might be soon but we
don't have any specific plans yet I know
that we have like two weeks that are
still wide open or we haven't got
anything planned yet so might happen day
but we'll see we'll keep you up to date
Rachel opposed asked another question
which is what's the best thing about
being a travel blogger because the first
really good question the thing I like
most about being a travel blogger is the
freedom to create whatever content I
want to create so there's a few things
that we know is view video topics that
we know are always very successful
because people just love topics but
literally we can do and film and create
whatever we want to create and being
that we are daily travel bloggers making
a new video every day and this is
something that George says a lot you get
a new chance every single day to create
an amazing video that people will love
to watch and we have 500 videos on our
channel so far I'm proud of around 300
of those but I will say
the last 150 videos that we've created
and put on our channel I'm proud of
every single video that we put on so
that's what I love about the traveler so
I have to say what I love about being a
travel blogger is the opportunity to
travel the world and see beautiful
places that most people aren't even able
to travel to just because we have a lot
of I would say freedom to roam around
with no time limitation with no but
nothing holding us back we don't have a
home yet so we are not paying rent we
don't have to return somewhere so that
gives us a lot of time and freedom to
see new places all sort of the
opportunities that come along the people
that we meet along the way it's just
amazing I think it puts a smile on my
face
every day more than Julian asked is
moving to the Philippines now set in
stone
meaning the ballet chapter is closed
moving to the Philippines we're pretty
much living in the Philippines already
but moving in the Philippines in terms
of getting a place to rent and stay in
in Manila is like it's more than 95
percent already but we've got a lot of
logistics to sort out we have to see you
know what are the visa conditions if we
want to stay here longer what what does
it what's the precondition that we can
even rent a place I know back in Miami
that was a big topic wasn't that easy so
we have to sort out all of those things
the chapter Bali is is definitely not
closed we love to travel to Bali
we love the vibe in Bali but just from a
emotional and logistical standpoint
Philippines makes much more sense right
now so our lives have changed a lot
since it's making the move to Asia
[Music]
so here the last question that we're
gonna answer on this Q&A comes from
Powell or underlying 1377 and his
question is top five countries you've
traveled to and why very difficult
question I'd say number one of course
the Philippines why the people and
diversity yeah
number two South Africa because to me it
feels like a second home I grew up in
South Africa and nature you have all
like safaris and that stuff is amazing
in South Africa we really love it
number three how do you agree on the
first two yeah okay so what would your
number three be would be Bali Bali okay
why Bali because of the culture because
of the vibe I don't know why but every
time I travel to Bali there is this
spiritual vibe that kind of embraces me
and it's just I don't I can't describe
it it's it's hard to tell
number four it's a United States oh yeah
we love living in Miami because we love
living in Miami and going to New York is
awesome
as long as you can leave again after two
or three days and California true road
trip was amazing and I even enjoyed
staying in Kentucky when I was in
Kentucky and number five I'd say just
Europe as a whole bunch alright thank
you for all the questions I'm sorry that
we weren't able to answer all of them
but with progressing time like the
answer would just shoot up if you want
us to do another Q&A let us know in the
comments down below and we'll be sure to
do another one next week maybe yeah
alright let's enjoy the sunset
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
as it has become accustomed to the blog
in the past few days we are going eating
again and this time we're going to no
knees which is a very interesting
restaurant concept it's like how food
it's very healthy food which I'm excited
about
Georgia Lucy are they waiting for us
already I just said I'm gonna have to
have like a free week diet after this
yeah we ate a lot of food
it's a
[Music]
