yo what's up a hazy fam welcome back
I mean tribe we are like a tribe bro so
welcome back to the channel if you guys
are new here i'm brian on my family
right in the back there's a bunch of
them we got a bunch so you have to
figure out all the names it's crazy up
in here just people running everywhere
we got toys like just sitting out we're
painting the whole house so bear with us
it's kind of messy but today i just want
to say thank you to our video i'm able
to upload everywhere from like for
example if you guys want to check out a
video and you're a tourist
then click the link below in the
description and use my coupon code hey
easy tribe and you'll get 10% off but
what i video is is my little hotspot you
have to have a United States address or
you have to be in Japan or Taiwan you
can pick it up at the airport before you
come here the Philippines so if you're
coming to the Philippines on vacation
and your tour so you can stay here for a
while I recommend you guys checking out
a video in the link below to have a
mobile hotspot wherever you go unlimited
data
so check out there's more information
below discount code and easy tribe 10%
off but yeah so if you're new here I'm
Brian and here's my fam okay here we are
all together all together with written
the walking home how you doing there
buddy
doing good subscriber from Malaysia
Kathy I shop sent us a package guys so
oh yeah that's right she was talking
about yeah she was talking about
pampering you yeah she said for the this
for the girls yeah for the kids and the
girls mommy's stealing at all what is it
honey show us would you stay away from
my stuff you get back over here right
now you dirty little get over there look
he's walking guys no okay read it
my dears Brian and Jodl and children get
away from there you what was that did
you just stick your tongue out at me you
go back there right now you walk it walk
it out so soft and you're blessed
oh you guys got a unicorn pen but guys
this came from Malaysia oh look at
Michael he he likes that what is that
those look cool
I see whoa
those are cool mine wow they're like
water stickers
mine oh sweet a sarong I love it thank
you so much thank you i sha let's line
them all up there and show them all the
cool gifts you guys got hey those are
not for eating Britain you just you
knock that off right now that's not for
eating bud you have to understand this
you have it's that for eating man yeah
it's not know Braden you give it to you
oh all you be nice
Braden oh wait Braden show Braden this
one whoa that one's cool we'll see what
happens when Braden if I take if I take
it away from Braden hey no eating it you
goofball you'll be nice you'll be nice
calm down
is that yours she says that's mine
it's mine is it yours okay it's all
yours okay honey just a pen can you wait
so we can look at all the gifts okay
yeah whoa that's really pretty tape oh I
love this it's so cool man yeah I'll put
this here so we can see all this wow wow
yeah I knew she was gonna send you guys
some cool stuff for you girls all the
girls get it but anyway
look at this cool tape guys it's like
that's not for boys this is for
everybody it's for everyone oh it's just
for boys okay
we got magical stickers we can use these
magic stickers to put on you know almost
anything cool right right Kathleen and
what are you gonna put it on you don't
know yeah yeah I don't know either just
they're just like I know it's super cute
this stuff's actually pretty hard to
find here what is this one these are
cute pad
these are really cute cats oh I know
I've never seen anything like this here
I'm really cool I really like that one
those are really cool stickers hey no
we're gonna take control of that and
we're gonna let you put that on
something special so you guys don't just
waste it right mommy Oh someone you're
naked what happened well I'm not even
putting you in frame yeah why are you
naked Joseph's in okay say thank you i
sha thank you okay it works what do you
got there can I see what you got show
what's in your hand which one's this
oh it says what's your name it says
Joseph
it's your name Joseph in Peppa pig's
here go ahead sounds yours okay and what
do you got is this one Michaels Michaels
so Michaels happy with his boats and
stuff and of course he's gonna he's
gonna share those yes he's gonna share
them and Kathleen's happy weight with
him wait I know you're gonna he's gonna
share with you and Kathleen are you
happy all right what do you got hot
stuff and you got your pencils and stuff
all right and then we're gonna give
aunty Erica hers when she gets home and
then mommy's super happy thank you guys
it's raining today yeah we're kind of
dressed for the weather yeah we never
get this kind of stuff like it's kinda
hard to find sometimes
and one of our first times to have that
in a long time so thank you Ayesha and
even Braden great in this a happy camper
like oh yeah she loves cute stuff yes so
once again thank you Aisha and stay
tuned for more guys
[Music]
I'm gonna go under yeah oh good job
yours it continues at
[Music]
