[Music]
hello
come on stuck Caillou and welcome back
to m√©xico and Pinal okay hello camasta
Caillou welcome back same GND Eiko and
Hanako I over now an angel and today
we're reacting to the top ten
Philippines travelers paradise video you
know I've been putting this one off for
so long because there are so many videos
like this but I finally decided to react
to one and I don't know if this one is
good but it's been suggested by somebody
and I was like let's go for it alright
let's do this now I'm about to let you
in on a little secret here the hidden
gem of Southeast Asia is right here the
Philippines my favorite of all countries
that I've traveled to it is some of the
most beautiful landscapes and the most
incredible people you will ever come
across now before you start taking
advice from a random stranger I want to
give you a bit of my background my name
is Christian LeBlanc and I spent the
last two years travelling Southeast Asia
and with that I've spent about three
months of it in the Philippines it's a
country I plan to revisit very soon it
may be in let's get started with the
countdown number 10 is or go more acai
is easily one of the most popular
islands and all of the Philippines and
with that it can get pretty busy
sometimes now that can be a good thing
that can be a bad thing the great thing
is you can guarantee you can find some
extremely beautiful hotels if that's in
your budget you can also find some
relatively discount ones too so budget
shouldn't be too much of an issue here
the nightlife is pretty good and the
food selection is great
Borka has everything from low-end
hostels all the way up to extreme luxury
hotels it can be back packed but then
lolene spend no money here the island of
Bora Kai itself is extremely beautiful
yes waters you'll see and some of the
finest white sand beaches
I assume this is how it got so popular
the population
has outgrown the infrastructure at least
ten times over those can lead to a lot
of congestion yeah but you're gonna
spend most your time on the beach anyway
so what does that matter
yes 99 a slog Ocelot is extremely well
known for one thing and that is the
whale sharks oh hell no you go and swim
right next to these gentle hell no
gentle because the whale sharks are fed
but I'll leave that up to your
discretion such a humbling experiences
with no next to an animal that could
literally grow as large as a small bus
no feet although it's very unlikely
you'll see whales only 30 minutes away
there's a couple sets of waterfalls to
Malaga
is the most I can do dog things not
whale beautiful mist now if you're
looking for more of an experience with
the waterfalls check out a guinea
waterfalls because you can actually
scale up them you can jump off with them
it's much more interesting than just
looking at a waterfall now that I can do
I just wanna work visit number 8 on my
list is malapascua mattifies likely that
you've heard of this place before but
there's a great reason to go and it's
this one animal that lives below the sea
it's very unlikely you've ever heard of
this place but malapascua is home to one
of the most beautiful creatures I've
ever seen the thresher shark if you're
scared Ivor this is a must
there is no fish more impressive than
the thresher shark it has a long butt is
one with unicycle you see it beautifully
cutting through the water for me this
made going to mallet possible at 100%
worth it now the dive scene is
incredible that is not the only thing
malapascua island itself is
extraordinarily beautiful again if you
haven't already done that trend
extremely blue water find white sand
beaches and relativity I don't know
about that look it's very dark
specifically you save up for terrifying
it is a great all the things on the
island aren't quite expensive do a
little research we even managed to find
a bit of nightlife on this incredibly
dormant Island my girlfriend Laura
really hit it off with the locals good
thing about the Philippines
you'll probably be shocked that I put el
nido in seventh place el nido is easily
one of the most beautiful places in the
Philippines when I'm arguably the world
the beauty of this place leaves you in
awe
now let's start with the great things
about this case the four island tour
isn't Wow but lets you see the cerulean
blue waters the jagged cliffs the
pictures that new thing under the
granite it's not here like you've ever
seen before the days in El Nido are
unforgettable because you'll spend your
entire day hanging around these
beautiful landscapes but this is where
the problems start when night hits it
becomes a bit less enjoyable I'd say El
Ninos electrical grid is archaic at best
when we backpacked we spent at least
half of our nights in darkness and worse
than the dark we spent it without any
fan or air conditioning it's extremely
hot that's why you don't back then I
become a pretty unhappy camper in
addition to this if you're planning to
do anything like I do as a youtuber
uploading is basically a no-go the
internet speeds are so slow and it will
drive you mad now there are some ways
you can get around these inconveniences
if you spend a lot more money you can
actually stay at accommodations that
will have backup generators and this
will at least help take care of the
problem of your air conditioning going
out so you won't sweat to death at night
I want to end this on a positive note
because despite all the inconveniences
of El Nido the beauty of this place
makes it all worth it so you have to go
check it out if you end up going make
sure you do the for island tour and make
sure you climb tarah cliff if you're
willing to risk your life it's extremely
jagged but the view you get is
unforgettable right rich people white
opal Bohol is a large and magical island
there's so many things to see and do
here it never hurts to go around with
locals that's how we find some of the
cool hidden gems like this little hole
in the ground no pun intended
five to ten days see this is alona beach
and this is a place where you can stay a
five-star hotel or I've guest
or hostile the practicing is definitely
on the expense event but nothing that
reasonable also a MOT simple hold is to
rent a scooter some of the most
incredible riding I've ever done has
been done here on this island
you take the scooter you drive up
further north from alona beach and
you'll end up visiting these guys these
are tarsiers whoa whoa they basically
sit like this all day but what more
could you ask
sure just look at him he's chilling mom
they look like lemurs further north on
the beach and although I like and I
didn't love it I found it a bit of a
dirty beach for me I would prefer to
have stayed in alona beach rented a
scooter and used it to do day trips like
seeing the tarsiers the chocolate hills
etc european-inspired churches while
exploring the Philippines this one here
was built by the Spanish and it was
actually shook up during an earthquake a
few years ago just after visiting the
tarsiers you're gonna see a man-made
forest and true to its name it's a force
that was actually hand planted by men
it's a really awesome feeling because as
we drive down this narrow road you feel
like you're going through a tree tunnel
it's great for Instagram goals and it's
definitely an awesome feeling as you're
riding on your scooter
after the man-made forest about another
35 45 minutes up north you'll be going
through what some people deem the main
attraction of Bohol these are the
chocolate hats and you'll notice they
look extremely similar to a Hershey kiss
I don't know if that's why they've been
called that but the name is definitely
fitting you can drive up to the top of
one of the hills and actually get a
pretty good visit up the entire mountain
range I definitely recommend it number
five is a place that's on very few
people's lists dumaguete is an
incredible place and there's a lot to
see and do here it's a place I spent
almost two weeks scuba diving and
exploring it's beautiful nature if you
go to dumaguete check out Casa dodo
Falls I know probably
this guy's a traveler right across from
dumaguete is a short boat ride to april
island make sure you check out this
place yeah
translates massive turtle yeah and it's
well-named because everywhere you go is
serious dude bro there's sea turtles
everywhere and these gems are usually
having people around so they don't mind
when you swim up next to them just make
sure not to touch them this is by no
means in Dumaguete but this is one who
must must must do this year is manju yad
sandbar i call this place the Maldives
of the Philippines yeah it's about a two
to three hour drive to get here from
dumaguete but every single minute of the
ride is worth it once you arrive you
arrive at a little dock you take a boat
across about 45 minutes and you arrive
in paradise if you have that extra time
or you want to take your Instagram to a
whole nother level you better check out
this guy those are just there's great
restaurants karaoke tales and resorts
this is a place for anyone on any budget
number for almost on the podium but not
quite cows on Bali symbols are known as
body on Kenyan ears I don't think I can
handle much happiness like my body's
already feeling anxious because it's
just too much
paradise Philippines it's a full day
trip where you're guided through these
very narrow crevices where the water
flows down creating these awesome
waterfalls it's such a unique and
amazing experience that you really can't
find that many places in the head I
brought my expenses and interest below
jumping into things I don't jump you're
nothing I can hear is I just don't you
do whales and sharks no walk this alone
by logging needs to have a guy and I
highly recommended any
you would not want to do this alone it's
not too expensive from my memory it's
about 30 US dollars you get a guy and he
shows you through the canyons he pushes
you off the cliff nope and you even get
me a lot of it so yes doing that that's
fine it's waterfall I'll be really like
kabayan mixes to the game God water is
this weed fluorescent blue that looks
like a heavy belt and sold to people at
a very high price the water is quite
cold so it's a very nice refreshing
break after a long day of jumping
through canyons now I must mention Oh
massage time to have gone through the
body on Kenny in quite some time and I'm
not even sure if they've reopened the
municipal government shut it down
because they were worried about erosion
so do a little research
hopefully it's reopened because it is
one of the top things to do in the
Philippines also random insert you'll
see roosters everywhere in the
Philippines cockfighting is basically a
national sport when income Fred the
bronze medal goes to my favorite
landscape in the entire world this Beach
is seriously heaven and I don't use that
word lightly it is my favorite we're
honestly blown away that to this day
Nach pond has not been developed as a
resort town this is the most incredible
active that I've ever seen now if you
remember we talked about El Nido being
in seventh or sixth plates
well knock plunk is about a 45-minute
scooter ride away from El Nido so again
if you were on the edge of going to El
Nido consider this you will get NOK Pont
and El Nido together because they're
only a scooter ride away from each other
the problem of NOK pond is this because
it's such a beautifully untouched
landscape there's nothing on it there's
really only a couple guest houses with
which they have no electricity after a
certain hour I think it's after 6 p.m.
you have two options you can either up
the heat and stay in a very basic guest
house on one of the most beautiful
beaches in the entire world or you can
just rent a scooter from El Nido and
drive back to your hotel resort wherever
you're staying in El Nido
but one of the most epic day trips
you'll ever do
this item here is my silver medal it's
probably my favorite island in the
entire world and it's easily the best
island in the Philippines it is the
definition of exploring getting lost and
seeing things a few others have ever
seen before is like work I before
Boracay blew up it has the beauty that
will one day become a developed area but
for right now this is a place that you
can experience to yourself there's so
much to do here from exploring the
jungle to exploring the beautiful beach
that surrounds the entire island don't
even go to the freely roam I'm out
definitely check out the mangroves there
these little trees that grow on the
water go explore the other side of the
island
we're not explorers landmarks just
beautiful untouched nature and so many
kids just playing on the side of the
road definitely say ah leave ah they're
a lot of fun to hang out with I joined a
few kids and playing some buddies what's
the highlights to my day it wouldn't be
a perfect game in fact the Philippines
has plenty of them I don't think I've
seen more beautiful sunsets in my entire
life you really start off these guys
they're in love with your Philippine
like you've got a summer movie one of
the most beautiful you've ever seen now
I don't want to call it the winner
because everyone's a winner guys but
just kidding this is the winner of the
Philippines Cole rum Quran is definitely
not the easiest classes to get to in
this way then it's not the best place I
know it's more inaccessible than El Nido
and it can definitely be a bit of an
expensive place to visit because is so
inaccessible you are wandering like a
five hour ferry from El Nido
or you can fly directly from Manila
definitely expect to pay top dollar
because the flights aren't cheap this is
not a cheap place to go now it's time to
show you why you're willing to spend
your money to come here and why you're
lying on its back together you go Quran
is simply is a cool front Toronto or
Vancouver it's like New Zealand and
Ontario attababy was beautiful as always
my favorite thing to do is rent a
scooter it's the first thing I do
whenever
I get to a new place get a scooter go
explore this I'll do it 7-way time on
the roads we toast
we're basically like operator there was
some very loose gravel some huge rocks
that we were driving over but since I
can't burn if you have explored but with
the Redwoods oh yeah they have mountains
that look like the Hershey Kisses
they're not called the Chocolate Hills
but they're very similar looking when we
drove down this road we probably didn't
see tourists for the entire day
this might sound scary to some of you
but it's one of the most amazing things
the local Filipino people are some of
the friendliest and most accommodating
we definitely don't take that as a bad
thing
hey I'm truly getting lost in a place
that you've never been before now after
the barrel cider from Rouen today we
went to the more touristy spots there's
these beautiful hot springs where people
generally come from the best farm
something coming around 5:00 p.m. you
can definitely expect to see tons of
other travelers it's a really cool way
to meet people the next day my
girlfriend and I and a couple of friends
rented kayaks and we went and kayak -
all the way across to a set of islands
now I don't know if I recommend the
kayaking because it truly was a very
very very very very difficult workout
exhausting you know to stay in shape
while traveling so maybe this is yeah
what shape you already have going in
means eating and sleeping all day but
when we made it to the other side the
work was so worth it similar to the
landscapes of El Nido
you have the jagged cliff sides the
incredibly blue water and the feeling of
being cut off and there's a droning
world very high up it's extremely
energizing to do that every now and then
these are among some of my favourite
drone shots I've ever come room thank
you Anna for rum
this is Laura looking graceful but then
she got bit by a fish there you go we
put up the white flag and we paid
someone to tow our kayaks back behind
their motor boat it was the best
decision we ever made
nice beautiful beautiful that's an
understatement
[Music]
it's it's fantastic it's amazing now but
see it's very misleading travelers
paradise whoo what's a traveler really
what someone who like him who leaves
their country
yeah but tourists can be considered
travelers right and tigresses people who
enjoy traveling for the sake of
traveling
yeah but tourists don't necessarily want
to go and do all of this and swim and
struggle and yes so I think what he
means travelers people explorers maybe
yeah explores that's what I would say
explorer who wants to shoot amazing
Instagram landscapes and everything for
his cigarette video and Instagram yes
for money I could tell he was Canadian
man cuz they are so adventurous you know
oh yeah they love to do this kind of
stuff Americans even at work have
friends are like oh yeah I'm just going
to Peru you know by myself with just a
backpack you know you know that's just
I'm it's just I don't know yeah exactly
I don't know one black person or
whatever or Arab person like me who does
this kind of stuff
I've never heard you know I'm trying to
think know even even the guy who did the
eight minutes in the Philippine video I
think that guy is Arab he showed Manila
right mostly didn't just go off and and
risk his life they like to risk their
like they like to live on the edge yeah
that is not me they go into the wild and
you know yeah gamble with their lives
it's like life is just right no it's not
who cares is it their lives I guess are
I don't know mundane maybe maybe they
don't feel much doing don't know I mean
that's what they argue I like the
routine there's the argument then white
people in the world are the less the
least hunted yeah
native so they feel so safe that they go
seeking danger but when you grow up
being discriminated
being picked on when you have a green
passport that doesn't let you go
anywhere when you feel like immigration
can kick you out in any moment you know
you live with a certain you know
updation too little little thing
everyday that you're like anxiety I know
it well
I don't need more of it and you don't go
jumping off of cliffs for every swimming
with sharks yes that's what I mean I'm
all good and when you have family and
you realize that your life isn't just
yours it's other people that as well and
they would be sad if something happens
to you and responsibility and
connectedness then you're less likely to
gamble with your life like you oh so
what if you go grieve my deaf I don't
care about them yellow yeah I mean if we
go there in reaction we go general
obviously we will visit Manila you know
the big cities and all so these are some
of these small places where we feel safe
you know where we can always come back
to safety a white sands blue water
that's all I want
so I think the first place he mentioned
and Bo horn and I'm not saying save me
and I'm not saying safety against people
because I think the Filipinos are
amazing yeah more like against nature
yeah because I can't take too much heat
you know I can while yeah sure is that I
don't know the history of I don't know
where they come from what they've been
through
yeah how their morning went I don't want
to counter them on a bad day
yeah and get I mean we went to Cuba and
I couldn't take that heat for more than
two hours like just too much gotta be
careful you don't want to swim with the
sharks no no no I like to swim I will
swim but not with the sharks
you know I've eaten enough fish that I
feel like a shark I would just see you'd
be like so brother choice fish in here
tonight right yeah I mean there's a
clear difference between this guy and us
we're more into music and this and that
he's obviously just a traveler yes just
to travel he's a traveler you know
having fun
yeah we're just not the same type of
trap no that's that's all it is
I was
about this with a friend depends on the
type of vacation or trip you're taking
there are trips that are about business
there are trips that are about discovery
and exploring and there are trips that
are about relaxation you have to know
why you're going to a place and that
will inform what you will do and where
you will stay
no I'd like to discover and explore if I
can come back at the end of the day to a
hotel or somewhere please since place
you know but I'm not gonna spend right
yeah like in a tent or whatever no no
maybe the queen tent yeah I know
I enjoy plumbing and electricity I slept
in a tent with a bat
no and I when I got out of the tent I
saw like you snake just passed through
no it's just not for me
we don't have the same camping
experience clearly no mine was on the
beach and the South of France so it was
very safe Mia was in Kenya in a safari
but it's a nobody the tent was
immaculate it was like a luxurious ten
yeah your tent was like a home it was
huge
yeah and in it yeah but you mind was
those teeth yeah but you are reminded of
the fact that you're still your
elderness you know the animals are there
yeah yeah and I like animals I'm just
saying I don't wanna be an injured
that's not a yeah
beautiful beautiful country we will
definitely come when we are ready yes
just make sure to leave a bunch of Wi-Fi
for us cuz I need to keep up a good like
to Wi-Fi for us I'll put it in a jar and
when we come ended thanks for watching
no I was subscribe here blah blah blah
[Laughter]
okay thanks for watching
like this video below once okay yeah
thanks for watching please like this
video subscribe here and amazing things
will happen and turn on your
notification Bell to be pulled for
future videos yeah
[Music]
