you
[Music]
homecomings fresh starts goodbyes over
the last 75 years the unique warmth of
our people has touched millions of lives
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
good evening together
are you feeling tonight it is true what
they say I am Stephanie Cameron I am the
choreographer of the Miss Universe
pageant my team and I have had the
pleasure of working with these
contestants all week and they are truly
a special and unique group please be
generous with your applause tonight and
clap for all of the ladies that you see
on stage can we do that it's what I like
to hear
with that said live from the Mall of
Asia arena in Manila
welcome to the 2017 Miss Universe
preliminary competition now let's
welcome our 86 beautiful stars of the
evening
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
surely lovely Anubha
[Music]
[Applause]
Shannon Harris Barbados
[Music]
hey buddy
Erica Ricky B Burchell Canada
Monique bruh Cayman Islands
ah
[Applause]
but everybody's Croatia
[Applause]
see the dadgum makers
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
Jamie Lee Bartlett Great Britain
[Applause]
[Music]
Vimala
[Music]
see a visa
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
daddy knuckle cinema
Jenny can curry
[Applause]
here in jest Oh lovely job my gosh who
runs a much more vicious
he's thanking us
Mexican
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
my tea
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
you didn't love Russia
[Applause]
Oh
[Applause]
the annotated Switzerland GMAC Tanzania
Shelley pop open a
[Applause]
I know not for the new Ukraine
Carolyn Carter US Virgin Islands
[Applause]
ladies and gentlemen I told you they
were beautiful let's hear for them one
more time who's gonna be our winner
tonight
[Applause]
ladies and gentlemen please welcome your
host for the evening he's an
accomplished sportsman and a top actor
in the Philippines known as the
universal leading man please welcome mr.
Derek Ramsay thank you very much Steph
thank you everyone for joining us this
evening and welcome to the Miss Universe
preliminary competition wow it's been 23
long years since the Miss Universe was
held here in the Philippines you can
feel the excitement in the air I'm very
excited to be a part of it the entire
nation is pumped to have Miss Universe
right here at home and I'm sure all of
you are excited to see and support your
favorite candidates am i right come on
and I feel more excitement in that am i
right all right that's more like it now
tonight's show that quite honor
tonight's show is being webcast live
around the world on Miss Universe calm
the Miss you app and of course on
Facebook live so whether you're watching
here in the Philippines or if you're at
home on your computer you guys are about
to witness the most accomplished and the
most beautiful eighty-six women in the
world now let me correct myself I did
say 86 beautiful women I correct myself
they're 87 beautiful win because tonight
I have a beautiful co-host the
Philippines loves her please welcome
Miss Universe 2015 crispy Awards now
[Music]
[Applause]
good evening everyone good evening there
good evening here you are beautiful you
are stunning and you are tall well I
kind of have to be thank you
now if we um I just want to ask you you
know your reign is coming to an end but
you get to crown your successor right
here in your home country how do you
feel I'm so excited that the Miss
Universe is Miss Universe competition is
happening here in the Philippines
because we are in fact the biggest fans
of Miss Universe am i right Wow I just
want to pick your mind here um the girls
backstage what are they feeling are they
excited are they nervous what's going
through their heads right now based on
experience right now they're nervous but
once they step onstage they'll feel the
excitement especially coming from the
fans all right
well ladies and gentlemen you heard it
from Pia they are excited to come out so
let's get the show started by
introducing our judges
[Music]
this dancer and model has been an
ambassador for the Special Olympics for
the past nine years she co-founded her
own Dance Academy in 2009 and was
crowned the second ever Miss Universe
from Japan in 2007 which our hands
together for riyo Mori this broadcaster
publicist and manager is the president
and co-founder of we - entertainment he
was one and the only journalist to cover
the band aid Relief Fund and has spent
the past four years touring and managing
a russian pop star Rob Goldstone
[Music]
[Applause]
an award-winning Broadway and film
producer who is committed to empowering
women she is on the chair of the Women's
Leadership Board at Harvard and is the
founder of same sky a jewelry initiative
providing jobs to hiv-positive survivors
of the Rwanda genocide Francine LeFrak
[Music]
she's CEO of the Bailey agency School of
Fashion a modeling and fashion school
dedicated to helping young women achieve
their dreams Cynthia Bailey eyewear and
cargo by Cynthia Bailey she's a model
actress and the star of Real Housewives
of Atlanta Cynthia Bailey
a board member of New York stage and
film which played a pivotal role in
developing several Tony award-winning
productions including the blockbuster
hit Hamilton he's the president and
executive producer of the People's
Choice Awards
Fred Nelson
she's an award-winning movie and TV
actress singer and model who lived here
in the Philippines for five years she
was crowned Miss Universe in 1993 and
gave up her crown right here in the
Philippines the ever Radian Dayanara
Torres
all right let's give another round of
applause for our judges well I think
it's about time that we start this
competition are you ready to see the
contestants in their swimsuits here we
go
[Music]
Albania Albania is currently a college
student majoring in social sciences this
20 year old flute player plans to
eventually become an elementary school
teacher Albania Angola Angola became an
advocate for the fight against cancer
after losing her on to the disease she's
currently studying psychology and enjoys
playing handball in her spare time
angola argentina argentina plans to do
more traveling after Miss Universe and
Rome is at the top of her bucket list in
her spare time
this successful model stays in shape by
doing CrossFit workouts Argentina
[Music]
Aruba Aruba says obesity is a problem in
her country
so she's proud to make a difference as a
dietician this 24 year old is a bit
scared of the ocean but still hopes to
go scuba diving here in the Philippines
Aruba Australia
Australia worked as a beauty consultant
because she enjoys making people feel
good about themselves
she used to be afraid of public speaking
but pageantry and boosted her
self-confidence Australia Austria is
currently in her fourth year of college
studying legal affairs this future
lawyers hobbies include hiking swimming
ski and Roy Austria
bama's
Bahamas and entrepreneurs specializing
in face painting makeup artistry and
upscale jewelry designs she volunteers
at a children's home mentoring the
hearing-impaired for Hollis Barbados
Barbados recently volunteered with an
organization that empowers high school
girls this 22 year old cat lover played
the recorder in high school
Barbados Belgium Belgium is trilingual
speaking Dutch French and English
fluently this 19 year old says it's
important to see the world and once
travelled to five different countries in
a year Belgium
[Music]
Bellies believes volunteers as a fat
high school volleyball coach this 23
year old was a superstar athlete in high
school and college playing on her
country's national volleyball team
beliefs
Olivia Olivia is currently studying
commercial engineering and hopes to own
a restaurant one day despite being a
successful model she prefers to not wear
any makeup Bolivia Brazil Brazil is
currently studying marketing but dreams
of being a chef one day she's proud to
be the first black woman to represent
her country at Miss Universe in 30 years
Brazil
Albania Angola Argentina Aruba Australia
Austria Bahamas Barbados Belgium Belize
Bolivia and Brazil
[Music]
[Music]
British Virgin Islands
British Virgin Islands was the first
female aviation fire officer in her
country she says it's important to take
care of the environment so she gives
back by tagging and monitoring sea
turtles British Virgin Islands
[Music]
Bulgaria Bulgaria was once a competitive
swimmer but a broken leg and at her time
in the pool while preparing for Miss
Universe this former plus-size model
lost close to 40 pounds Bulgaria
Canada's family lost almost everything
they owned in a tragic house fire when
she was a team now 23 she is currently
in her final year of law school Canada
Cayman Islands Cayman Islands is
currently a marketing professional for
her countries Department of Tourism this
25 year old has an eye for fashion and
often designs her own outfits Cayman
Islands Sheila Sheila currently works
with architects as an industrial
designer when she's not putting together
blueprints this 26 year old can be found
at the gym chillin
China China is a TV host recently
covered the 2016 Olympic Games this 23
year old volunteers for smile trained
and is currently studying logistics in
college China
[Music]
Columbia Columbia collect supplies every
January to help school children in her
country in her spare time she enjoys
riding her motorbike and photographing
landscapes
hello BIA Costa Rica Costa Rica studied
education in college and currently works
as an English teacher she has been
swimming for over 20 years and was once
an international champion in the
butterfly Costa Rica
Croatia Croatia played with animals
instead of Barbie dolls growing up she
is currently studying to be a
veterinarian and spends her time
volunteering at animal shelters Croatia
Curacao Curacao would like to either
work in the movie industry or host her
own talk show like Ellen's she used to
manage a bakery and took dance classes
for 12 years Curacao Czech Republic
Czech Republic is studying sports
management to combine her logs of
business and athletics this 2020 once
competed at the world cheerleading
championship where her squad took first
place Czech Republic
Denmark Denmark is an entrepreneur who
owns her own beauty salon this 24 year
old is passionate about traveling and
has already visited over 50 countries
Denmark
[Music]
British Virgin Islands Bulgaria
Canada
[Music]
Cayman Islands
Chile China Colombia
Costa Rica Croatia Curacao Czech
Republic
[Music]
republic dominican republic owns a
modern school and daycare for young
girls she grew up on a farm and once
survived an attack from a swarm of bees
that left her with nearly 50 stings
Dominican Republic
Ecuador Ecuador is proud to work as an
agricultural engineer which is typically
a male-dominated field in her spare time
she enjoys playing the piano and guitar
Ecuador Finland Finland is currently
studying multilingual management in
Helsinki
she's an eternal in junkie whose biggest
dream is to someday drive a Formula One
car Finland
[Music]
friends friends loafer broker clavicle
was cycling putting her out of
commission for a full month of hurrying
she loves to cook and recently prepared
a dish with a three star Michelin chef
in Paris France
to our job Georgia works as a PR manager
for one of their country's leading
construction developments this 25 year
old was responsible for organizing the
European youth Summer Olympic Festival
in 2015 Georgia
Germany Germany has gone skydiving
swimming with sharks and even volcano
climbing this adrenaline junkie plays
piano and flute and recently went on a
mission trip to Africa Germany
Great Britain
Great Britain site beauty therapy in
college and was awarded student of the
year she's completed the Tough Mudder
obstacle race and once scaled Mount
Kilimanjaro great brick Wow Guam is a
former tomboy who was once a member of
her country's national volleyball team
in her spare time she enjoys canoeing
and playing rugby Wow Guatemala one of
'allah volunteers for an organization
dedicated to assist in impoverished
people with physical and mental
disabilities she is currently studying
international relations what come on
[Music]
Diana Diana currently works as a public
relations officer but hopes to be a
child psychologist she was a track star
in high school winning several gold
medals in the 200 meters Guyana hatee
hatee is currently getting her master's
in scientific research after watching
her grandmother lose her sight
she's been on a mission to cure
blindness Hey
Honduras Honduras is currently studying
business
and would like to eventually open her
own restaurant in New York she speaks
four languages and has traveled to 12
countries Honduras
[Music]
Dominican Republic
Equador
France Georgia
Germany
Fritz's wah-wah Tamala Diana Haiti and
Honduras
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hungry
hungry studying financial management it
plans to start her own clothing life she
works with an organization for the
hard-of-hearing an issue close to her
heart because her half-sister
was born deaf holy Iceland Iceland work
as a flight attendant before she was
crowned at her national pageant she says
that the airport still feels like home
and she actually enjoyed her a long
flight into Manila Iceland
India India is currently getting her
master's degree in international
business and hopes to open a chain of
cafes in her country
she's been modeling since the age of 17
and has worked nearly a hundred fashion
shows India
Indonesia Indonesia works as the head of
accounting and Finance for a bank she's
trained in traditional dance and is an
award-winning volleyball player
Indonesia Israel Israel's first name yam
fittingly means see this 18 year old
model grew up on a boat and has four
tattoos that are inspired by her love of
the water Israel Italy Italy was named
after actress Sophia Loren this 24 year
old model is an advocate for breast
cancer research
as her mother survived the disease Italy
[Music]
that made bad jamilka is a certified
scuba diver who plans to be a marine
biologist in the future at 6 foot 2
inches she is the tallest contestant in
this year's competition Jamaica
[Music]
Japan has studied the art of flower
arranging and is currently in dental
school as part of her schooling is 23
year old once performed an autopsy on a
human being Japan
Kazakhstan Kazakhstan is currently
studying finance in college and plans to
get her master's soon after she is a
trained dancer who was the president of
her high school student council
Kazakhstan
yeah Kenya is a high-fashion runway
model will soon be launching a fashion
blog she lost both her parents at a
young age so she's made it her mission
to provide for her younger siblings
Kenya
Korea Korea was raised in Indonesia and
is proud to be multicultural there was
no swimwear swimwear competition
international pageant so she's excited
to be up here tonight in her Yama my
suit Korea
Kosovo Kosovo loves doing makeup and
would eventually like to open a beauty
salon her earnings from modeling are the
primary source of income for her family
Kosovo
[Music]
Hungary Iceland
India
Denisha Israel Italy Jamaica Japan
Kazakhstan Kenya Korea and Kosovo
[Music]
[Applause]
Malaysia Malaysia participated one of
Asia's largest obstacle courses to test
her mental and physical strength this 20
year old has read over 800 books
Malaysia Malta Malta is the PR
representative for a global cosmetics
company despite not speaking the
language she once hosted at Japanese
travel documentary for a major TV
network Malta
Larissa's Mauritius studied chemical and
renewable energy engineering and
currently works in a national park she
was a tomboy growing up so her friends
are shocked that she's competing at Miss
Universe Mauritius
[Music]
Mexico Mexico has a degree in business
and recently worked as an office manager
for her alma mater this 25 year old jazz
dancer dreams of being a TV host or
actress Mexico
Myanmar
Myanmar has her own event management
business with over 20 employees this 24
year old vegetarian currently teaches
classes on how to DJ Myanmar
Namibia Namibia is excited to be in the
tropical Philippines because she's used
to being surrounded by desert
she says her biggest asset in the
swimsuit competition are her long legs
Namibia
Netherlands
Netherlands is a full-time model who
also enjoys being behind the camera
she's allergic to dogs but is an
ambassador for an animal charity
Netherlands New Zealand
New Zealand has a degree in drama and
media studies and currently works as a
teacher this half-filipino
book collector hopes the one-day
purchased the farm she grew up on New
Zealand
nicaragua nicaragua started modeling at
13 and within three years was the face
of the largest cellphone company in her
country she grew up on a farm harvesting
and planting tomatoes nicaragua
[Music]
[Music]
Nigeria Nigeria currently works as a top
tax officer but plans to eventually
become a therapist for young women in
her spare time she enjoys playing tennis
and reading novels Nigeria
Norway Norway became a certified scuba
diver on her 10th birthday making her
the youngest female in her country with
a license she passed the Advanced Course
at 12 and has since gone diving all
around the world Norway Panama Panama
first job was at the zoo where she was
responsible for feeding the monkeys as a
kid she would parade around in heels and
pretend she was Miss Universe Panama
Malaysia Malta Myanmar Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria Norway and
Panama
[Music]
[Applause]
satify Paraguay won a gold medal at a
regional math tournament this help
health and medical sciences major is an
advocate for organ donation in her
country what AG why
[Music]
Peru was in a car accident four months
ago that left her calm temporarily
paralyzed while she sat in the hospital
her major motivation to recover was to
make it in time for Miss Universe Peru
Philippines fulfilled a childhood dream
but she earned her degree in interior
design she enjoys all outdoor activities
especially surfing and hiking / beans
[Applause]
[Applause]
Roland
dreams of opening an animal shelter in
her country one day this 21 year old
enjoys riding motorcycles
with the crown on her head Poland
Portugal
Portugal keeps in this the goals she
wants to accomplish from crosses them
out once they are carried out tonight
this 23 year old is proud to put a line
through compete for Miss Universe
Portugal Puerto Rico Puerto Rico used to
race carrier pigeons competitively she's
trained in CPR and plans to eventually
beat a neonatal pediatrician where's our
Rico
[Music]
[Applause]
Romania
Romania started a business designing and
selling dresses online for the past
three years this 27 year old has
traveled to Egypt to go scuba diving
Romania Russia Russia is currently
studying brand identity beside this
former realtor rescues homeless cats and
has been collecting plane tickets since
her first flight Russia
Sierra Leone
Sierra Leone is proud to be the first
woman from her country to ever compete
at Miss Universe she is trained in
cultural dance and enjoys reading
motivational books Sierra Leone
[Applause]
[Music]
Singapore
Singapore would like to study digital
marketing as she's interested in the
career in social media as a team she
battled with body image issues but
pageants have helped her feel
confidently beautiful Singapore slovak
republic Slovak Republic is an office
manager at a construction company this
25 year old play tennis throughout high
school and enjoys all adrenalin sports
Slovak Republic
Slovenia Slovenia is a country girl so
you'll often find her driving a tractor
on her farm she's currently an
elementary education student and enjoys
playing the piano Slovenia
[Music]
Paraguay
Peru Philippines
Portugal where Rico
Romania Russia
Sierra Leone Singapore
South Africa South Africa occasionally
ran her father's food store growing up
this 24 year old adventurer has gone
cage diving with sharks and paragliding
over the Austrian Alps South Africa
Spain Spain is a certified hairdresser
but she plans to work for the national
police after the pageant in her spare
time she enjoys playing badminton and
putting together puzzles Spain
[Music]
sri lanka sri lanka is a scientist
specializing in cancer biology she would
like to get her PhD in london and
eventually help improve the quality of
life for terminally ill patients sri
lanka
[Music]
Sweden felt honored when her country's
queen personally wished her good luck at
Miss Universe growing up her family
lived on a farm with 15 siberian huskies
Sweden
Switzerland
switzer McCarthy works as a
telecommunications specialist but
eventually wants to sell her own line of
women's clothes
she studied serbian folk dancing for 13
years and speaks four languages fluently
Switzerland Tanzania Tanzania volunteers
at two orphanages in her hometown and is
part of a national effort to stop ivory
poachers she began modeling at age ten
and has since graced the covers of three
magazines Tanzania
[Music]
cyanide began working in the fourth
grade to help support her family this 22
year old says the family's financial
struggles taught her a lot about
perseverance Thailand
turkey turkey is studying nutrition and
dietetics in college she enjoys cooking
organic cuisine and plans to write a
recipe book for those looking to lead a
healthy lifestyle turkey
Ukraine Ukraine is a talented interior
designer who knows how to train dogs for
five years she was on a professional
handball team and there was once named
they reserved junior Olympian Ukraine
[Music]
uruguay uruguay lost her father when she
was seven but says it helped preciate in
through a strong woman she's currently
studying Business Administration in
college and enjoy cycling in her spare
time Uruguay
USA
USA made history as the first delegate
from her country crown while actively
serving in the military she played the
clarinet through high school and enjoys
watching movies in her spare time USA US
Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands is the
first ship at one Native American to win
her country cycle this 27 year old is a
spokesperson for HIV and AIDS awareness
an ambassador for smile trade and a
fashion blogger US Virgin Islands
Venezuela Venezuela always speaks with
her mom before going to bed including
every night while here in the
Philippines she's won all nine pageants
she's entered and today is her 21st
birthday cheers to Venezuela
[Applause]
Vietnam once worked at a fishing dock
assisting her father this 23 year old
recently swam with the sharks
right here in the Philippines Vietnam
south africa spain sri lanka
sweetie
Switzerland
Tanzania Thailand turkey Ukraine Uruguay
USA US Virgin Islands Venezuela and
Vietnam
[Music]
[Music]
ok ladies and gents that Inc concludes
our swimsuit competition let's give our
contestants another round of applause
now I hope you at home have been taking
notes because this year you can actually
help your favorite contestants get into
the top 12 there are 4 ways of voting
via the Miss you app by clicking on the
vote button by downloading voting by
heading to the vote Miss Universe comm
or on twitter using the hashtag Miss
Universe and contestant specific hashtag
so guys don't forget to vote Philippines
now for the past couple of weeks this
year's Miss Universe contestants have
been traveling all over the country
getting to meet the locals learning
about our culture and several delegates
were lucky enough to take a trip up
north to vegan where they participated
in a fashion show wearing the
traditional Filipino Turtles check this
out the Philippines but it is very nice
[Music]
we're nearing the end we have a fashion
show going on I'm gonna be walking in
awesome garment down a street right up
to a stage surrounded by a lot of the
vegan locals the fans are all excited to
see us walking with art there knows
they're all outside waiting for us so
I'm excited too
[Applause]
[Music]
the tournelle was actually invented by
our firmer first lady Imelda Marcos she
invented this butterflies me use and
they used as as covering their face like
this it was called Terra now because
it's one plus
[Music]
there you have it looks like the ladies
enjoyed their trip up north now ladies
and gents since Pia was crowned Miss
Universe she's returned home to the
Philippines several times but the first
time she came back home after being
crowned she was a little bit nervous can
you believe that Miss Pia being nervous
well if you don't believe me watch this
she can't get up because she's so fat
hello no they're just a camera over
there she's distracted by food
everywhere it's it's so exciting I have
to keep reminding myself that I'm back
home
I mean I woke up and I was on the front
page of the newspaper
so it's I wake up to this it's it's
great I'm very excited I'm a little bit
nervous I don't know I'm trying to
analyze why why am i nervous maybe I had
too much coffee I don't maybe it's
because I want to be at my best for
every further philippinos it's it's for
them now I really got to see the impact
that I was able to make now I know why
I've been doing this for years now I'm
reminded why I love my job
the people
[Music]
I'm still in oh it just feels like a
grand reunion of all of my family and
all of my friends that's what it feels
like I know it's only been one day but
then I was already thinking about what
it's gonna be like when I leave
[Music]
here the entire Philippine nation loves
you you saw in the video there there
were fans crying when they saw you when
you just gave them a little wave we are
all very proud of you thank you for
being such a wonderful Miss Universe and
a wonderful Filipina it was a Jonin
really it was let's hear it for Pia
thank you maraming salamat oh we love
you here now ladies and gents real it
early moments away from seeing all 86
contestants compete in their evening
gowns but first there are some VIPs that
we'd like to acknowledge here in the
audience tonight let's start off with
hansi of sm group ramona of San Miguel
Corporation Philippine Airlines smart
pldt Metro Manila mayors who have
generously sponsored the prelims and
dress rehearsals headed by former
president and mayor joseph ejército
Estrada
maraming maraming salamat po mayor
Herbert Bautista mayor Lani Cayetana
and of course mayor a bb9
an extra special thank you
the governor Javits singsong thank you
very much governor and of course
chairman of Okada Manila
mr. Kazuo Okada mr. Wilson Chang of
solar entertainment thank you very much
and please give a round of applause to
the president of the Miss Universe
Organization miss Paula sugar also
please give it up for a very special
guest of mine super fan Catherine Nam
Bravo
hi Catherine
alright are you guys ready to bring the
contestants back out here come on let's
give them more love are you guys ready
all right then let's start the
preliminary evening gown competition
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Albania
Albania is a proud ambassador of the Red
Cross she has competed in three pageants
and has been crowned in every one of
them
Albania Angola Angola has visited
orphanages and raised money for
struggling maternity clinics during her
reign this 21 year old is hoping to
become the fifth woman from Africa to be
crowned Miss Universe Angola Argentina
Argentina is currently a communication
student at a university in Buena siteís
upon graduation this 21 year old hopes
to become a TV host Argentina
[Music]
Aruba Aruba was a track and field star
for over ten years specializing in the
400-800
and hi Joe when she was 14 she was named
her country's top model in a contest
featuring over 100 participants Aruba
Australia Australia would like to be a
UNICEF ambassador like her idol Audrey
Hepburn in her spare time she enjoys
horseback riding and playing tennis
Australia Austria Austria would like to
create a new perception of the ideal
woman one who's independent and career
oriented this multilingual 21 year old
is involved in humanitarian projects
that have both refugees and animals
Austria
Bahamas Bahamas enjoys preparing and
delivering food to the homeless in their
country this 20 24 year old says her
favorite pastime is swimming with pigs
Bahamas Barbados Barbados is honored to
be the first delegate from her country
to walk the Miss Universe stage in nine
years she is an avid reader of
self-improvement books and she loves to
cook
Barbados Belgium
Belgium is an award-winning acrobatic
gymnast who loves to paint and draw she
recently graduated from beauty school
and hopes to eventually open her own
Thai restaurant Belgium
filly's beliefs studied hotel and
restaurant management in college and now
helps run her family's resort she enjoys
kayaking and is a brown belt in karate
beliefs
[Music]
phylidia bolivia proudly works front or
organization that cares for orphans in
her spare time she enjoys horseback
riding and swimming
phylidia brazil brazil has appeared in
many magazines including marie claire
and women's health this 21 year old
Beyonce fan enjoys singing in church and
playing basketball Brazil
[Music]
Albania Angola Argentina Aruba Australia
Austria Bahamas Barbados Belgium Belize
Bolivia and Brazil
[Music]
[Music]
British Virgin Islands
British Virgin Islands began modeling
after high school to get out of her
comfort zone this 22 year old horror
movie fan is currently training to be an
engineer British Virgin Islands Bulgaria
Bulgaria is currently pursuing a degree
in European studies this 21 year old
hopes to eventually become president of
her country Bulgaria Canada Canada has
always been an intrapreneur
and currently co owns an apparel company
she's proud of her voluntary work with
Operation Smile and recently ran her
first marathon Canada
[Music]
Cayman Islands Cayman Islands loves to
fish and once worked as a deckhand on a
boat she's played netball for many years
and was once a member of her country's
national team Cayman Islands
Sheila Sheila volunteers with an
organization that improves the lives of
those suffering from Alzheimer's
this animal lover once saved a
chihuahuas life after she performed CPR
on the choking puppy Chile
China China believes music is an
international language in hopes to have
a career as a singer in her spare time
she enjoys dancing and playing the
ukulele China
[Music]
Columbia Columbia is currently studying
industrial design and production this 23
year old model enjoys folk dancing and
is also a competitive volleyball player
Colombia Costa Rica Costa Rica it's
honey everyday and even brought some
with her here to Manila this
hard-working 27 year old bought a house
for a car and put herself through
college by working in sex sport Costa
Rica Croatia Croatia has always been
social but credits pageantry for giving
her confidence this 19 year old
equestrian once escaped they've heard of
charging bulls on horseback Croatia
curacao curacao lost her father to
cancer which taught her to appreciate
her loved ones this 21 year old enjoys
working with the elderly and recently
spent a day providing manicures and
pedicures to seniors Curacao
[Applause]
Czech Republic Czech Republic heard that
the Philippines has the best beaches in
the world so she is thrilled to be here
for Miss Universe this yoga lover had
only competed in one pageant before
tonight Czech Republic
Denmark Denmark is an advocate for
cancer awareness as she's lost five
family members to the disease she spent
a year volunteering in China and once
worked as an image consultant as an at
an African TV station Denmark
[Music]
British Virgin Islands Bulgaria Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile China
Columbia
Costa Rica Croatia
Curacao Czech Republic and Denmark
[Music]
[Music]
Dominican Republic Dominican Republic
gave up a traditional college education
to pursue a career as a model in her
spare time this 24 year old enjoys
gardening and horseback riding Dominican
Republic Ecuador Ecuador wanted to help
when an earthquake rocked her country
last spring she travelled to the regions
hit hardest and delivered food clothes
and water Ecuador
[Music]
Finland Finland intern at her country's
Embassy in Washington DC and would
eventually like to work for the
government this 24 year old went to
boarding school in Africa and drinks
five cups of coffee every day Finland
[Music]
France France is an extreme sports
enthusiast who enjoys skydiving and
bungee jumping she's been studying
dentistry for five years and will soon
be a dental surgeon France Georgia
Georgia recently participated in her
country's version of Dancing with the
Stars
she stays fit by boxing and hopes to
eventually climb Mount Everest Georgia
Germany Germany is currently studying
textile and clothing management and
plans to get her master's in
international trade
eventually this 24 year old wants to
become a buyer in the fashion industry
Germany
[Music]
Great Britain
Great Britain has appeared in multiple
episodes of a popular soap opera in her
country this 27 year old is a master
scuba diver and a certified ski
instructor Great Britain WOM Guam is
currently studying to become a physical
therapist prior to preparing for her
national pageant this 19 year old has
never worn high heels before Guam
Guatemala Guatemala father is a
politician and she hopes to follow in
his footsteps as a future congresswoman
she plans to advocate on behalf of rural
areas and help end world hunger
Guatemala
Guyana Guyana is a member of a dance
company in her country and was formerly
a bass player
she is currently producing an online TV
series called The Sisterhood Guyana
hatee hatee was in a coma for 21 days as
a child due to a battle with meningitis
she's had a fear of flying since
witnessing a crash but is happy to
travel 20 hours to Manila to be on stage
tonight Haiti Honduras Honduras enjoys
mountain climbing despite her fear of
heights she prefers to workout before
eating breakfast every morning as it
provides her with energy for the whole
day Honduras
[Music]
Dominican Republic Ecuador
Finland
France Georgia
Germany Great Britain Wow
what another Galliano
Haiti and Honduras
[Music]
hungry hungry says growing up in an
all-female household helped make her a
strong woman in her spare time she
enjoys going bowling and reading
self-confidence books hungry
Iceland Iceland played handball for 15
years despite a knee injury that doctors
thought she wouldn't overcome this
ambidextrous 24 year old enjoys racing
motorbikes and snowboarding Iceland
India India says that pageants have
helped her become a better version of
herself this gray vintage car fan once
walked across a bed of hot coals India
[Music]
Indonesia Indonesia volunteers for an
organization that provides Street meant
to those born with cleft palates this 25
year old collects nonfiction novels and
is a foot taller than the average woman
in her country Indonesia
Israel Israel loves to screw buying
plans to go diving in the Philippines
with her mom after the pageant she is a
competitive horseback rider who once
placed second in a national equestrian
event Israel
Italy Italy has a degree in business
management and plans to manage a company
in the future in her spare time she
enjoys painting and helping her little
sister with her homework Italy
Jamaica Jamaica enjoys writing poetry
and is currently studying biology and
chemistry in college she recently worked
as a lionfish color hunting the sea
predators with a spear Jamaica
Japan Japan is a trained pianist who
practiced every day for 15 years
straight she's a big Audrey Hepburn fan
and has been swimming for eight years
Japan Kazakhstan Kazakhstan lost her
father 14 years ago and proudly helped
her mother raised her little sister she
enjoys listening to piano music and
collecting coins from all over the world
Kazakhstan
Kenya Kenya was told she has
presentation skills so she decided to
study journalism she currently works as
a marketing administrator for CNBC and
Forbes Africa Kenya
Korea Korea enjoys teaching so she has
volunteered as a National Museum
interpreter this 23 year old is
currently double majoring in English
language and literature Korea Kosovo
Kosovo enjoins painting and says it's
the best activity to help her gather her
thoughts this 23 year old animal lover
has 15 pet dogs at home Kosovo
[Music]
hungry
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel Italy
Jamaica Japan
Kazakhstan Kenya
Fabia
and Kosovo
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Malaysia Malaysia is studying dentistry
and volunteers as an organizer for
several dental outreach programs she is
learning to play the dhol a traditional
double-headed drum native to northern
India Malaysia Malta Malta is proud to
be the first contestant to represent her
country at Miss Universe in 15 years
she is currently writing a book about
her travel experiences and hopes to host
her own TV show one day Malta
Mauritius Mauritius is on a mission to
make her country more energy efficient
is twenty-six-year-old played table
tennis in college and currently speaks
five languages fluently Mauritius
Mexico Mexico has known she wanted to be
here at Miss Universe since she was a
little girl she first competed for her
national title in 2013 but says she
lacked the confidence to win back then
Mexico Myanmar Myanmar is a successful
model with a civil engineering degree
she previously worked as a dance teacher
at a primary school Myanmar
Namibia Namibia is currently getting her
bachelor's degree in education
she's an award-winning netball player
with a passion for cooking and baking
Namibia
[Music]
Netherlands
Netherlands began acting when she was
seven and would like to pursue it as a
career she attended a performing arts
school where dancing was the most
important subject Netherlands
New Zealand New Zealand once managed a
fashion show to raise money for a
children's charity when she was younger
she worked at a livestock auction
sorting sheep pigs and cattle New
Zealand Nicaragua Nicaragua taught
herself how to play piano by watching
YouTube tutorials this 21 year old
animal lover once led an anti-bullying
campaign in her country Nicaragua
Nigeria Nigeria's proudest
accomplishment was getting her master's
in child development psychology she
enjoys writing poetry and hopes to
publish a book about her life
experiences one day Nigeria
Norway
Norway is a union chapter leader for the
Red Cross she got her own pet horse when
she was only ten and worked in the
stable every day to pay off all her
bills Norway Panama Panama enjoys
extreme sports and once jumped out of an
airplane this 26 year old plans to study
nutrition and eventually open a clinic
teaching others how to eat well Panama
Malaysia Malta Mauritius
Mexico Myanmar Namibia Netherlands
New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria Norway
and Panama
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Paraguay Paraguay once saved the life of
a choking child this 22 year old enjoys
competitive car racing and her vehicle
has the word universe written on the
side Paraguay Peru Peru is currently
studying communications and wants to be
a journalist she helped develop an
educational program dedicated to
changing the way people learn their
route
Phillipines used to dread public
speaking but pageantry has helped her
overcome her fear this 40 model enjoyed
sketching portraits and baking pastries
Philippines
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Holland
Poland is currently studying economics
but is very interested in becoming a
presenter she was a ballroom dancer for
eight years but was so tall that it was
far hard to find a partner Poland
Portugal Portugal has dreamt about being
Miss Universe since she was five years
old she currently works as the chief
attendant on a yacht and enjoys jet
skiing in her spare time
Portugal - Rico Puerto Rico is currently
studying biology and psychology in
college this former zookeeper was the
president of her high school class
where's our Rico
[Music]
Romania
Romania sold paintings for charity and
fixed artwork at her church she swam
competitively for six years and says she
likes anything that sparkles glitters or
shines Romania Russia Russia has
inspired my author
Leo Tolstoy with whom she shares a
birthday she's currently an art student
and enjoys playing the piano and
painting in her spare time Russia
Sierra Leone
Sierra Leone volunteers with sisters
supporting sisters an organization
promoting the importance of education
for young girls she is in the process of
opening her own hair salon Sierra Leone
[Music]
Singapore Singapore is a vegetarian for
both health reasons and because she
loves animals she was a tomboy growing
up playing rugby for three years in
middle school singapore slovak republic
Slovak Republic is studying management
and plans to get her MBA
she studied abroad in Thailand and says
traveling gives her a sense of
fulfillment Slovak Republic
[Music]
Slovenia Slovenia isn't easily scared
and has held several snakes spiders and
lizards as a child she was afraid of the
water
but is now a licensed swimming teacher
Slovenia
[Music]
Paraguay
the rule Philippines
Portugal Puerto Rico Romania Russia
Sierra Leone
Singapore
slovak republic
and Slovenia
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
South Africa
South Africa is a spokesperson for the
National AIDS Council which is endorsed
by her country's president her hobbies
include playing netball and marimba
dancing South Africa
spain spain spent a month in istanbul by
herself without speaking any turkish or
english this 24 year old was part of a
fundraising campaign for people with
alzheimer's spain sri lanka sri lanka
completed her degree in molecular
biology and forensic science when she
was just 19 she is a trained martial
artist who once hung out with her
favorite singer at Shirin Sri Lanka
Sweden Sweden is studying to be a
personal trainer because she wants to
inspire others to live a healthy
lifestyle
this outdoorsy 21 year olds interests
include hunting and fishing Sweden
[Music]
Switzerland Switzerland once gave first
aid to a woman who was hit by an
18-wheeler truck this 23 year old was
recruited to compete in her first
pageant after being discovered and
played on Facebook Switzerland
Tanzania Tanzania's best friend passed
away a few years ago which has helped
made her appreciate everyone around her
this 20 year old speaks four languages
and collects evening gowns Tanzania
[Music]
Thailand
Thailand is currently studying various
strains of bacteria as a biology major
in her college in the past she
volunteered at an orphanage drawing and
playing games with a young children
Thailand
turkey turkey advocates against domestic
violence and has contributed to Syrian
refugee children in her country this 21
year old hopes to eventually build a
hospital to help those with eating
disorders turkey Ukraine
new crane is currently a business
student focusing on hotel restaurant and
tourism management in the past this 19
year old has collected money for War
veterans in her country Ukraine
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
uruguay uruguay once helped deliver a
lamb on her friend's farm this avid
reader enjoys helping people so she
plans to become a psychologist one day
uruguay USA USA lived in seven different
states growing up due to her father's
military service she is a big fan of
reptiles and currently has a 4 foot long
pet Python USA US Virgin Islands
US Virgin Islands is a founding member
of the n2c music festival a nonprofit
organization in uganda she's passionate
about painting and has traveled to over
40 different countries US Virgin Islands
Venezuela
Venezuela is a working model who is
currently studying dentistry
she loves come off it and wants to be a
well known singer one day Venezuela
[Applause]
Vietnam Vietnam is an ambassador for an
organization that builds homes for the
underprivileged
when she was 12 she survived a massive
typhoon by helping her mom hold down the
roof of their home Vietnam
[Music]
South Africa
[Music]
Spain Sri Lanka Sweden
Switzerland's
Tanzania Thailand Turkey
Ukraine Uruguay USA
US Virgin Islands Venezuela
and Vietnam
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
for 75 years your journeys have been our
journeys from the beauty of our nature
to the warmth Gabbar
fly with the airline that lets you feel
the heart of the bokya heart of the
philippine
[Music]
there you have it ladies and gentlemen
you have seen our 86 contestants in
their swimwear and evening gown good job
ladies let's give them another round of
applause at this moment we'd like to
welcome onstage mr. Jaime Bautista
Philippine Airlines president and chief
operating officer to present Pia with a
special gift
[Applause]
yeah we're presenting to you this 3.7
Boeing aircraft model as a symbol of our
thanks you made us proud thank you very
much this is the model of the rear real
airplane I'm gonna get right
the real ones outside thank you thank
you sir thank you very much mr. Bautista
now we'd like to thank of course our
wonderful sponsors we have Chi Hair Care
image skin care Sherri Hill Chinese
Laundry shoes Yama my swimwear MAC
Cosmetics Bodhi Okada Manila Philippines
Airlines and LCS and of course a special
thanks to the city of Manila also a
shout-out to our wonderful judges
tonight and our choreographer Stephanie
thank you very much Stephanie and of
course let's thank our beautiful co-host
miss P Awards back Thank You Derek Thank
You P and of course all of you here in
the audience thank you very much
remember this year you'll be able to
help your favorite contestant earn her
spot in the top 12 be sure to download
the miss you and bode apps to vote for
your favorite contestant
that's right Stephanie you can also
tweet using hashtag Miss Universe and
contestant specific hashtags or you
could vote the old-fashioned way by
going to both that Miss Universe com
okay ladies and gents you will be able
to vote your contestants through to the
next round
during the telecasts so be sure to tune
in on Sunday for more details well
that's it for tonight guys thank you
very much and good night
hey this is Derrick Ramsey signing off
thank you ladies thank you enjoy your
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
you
