yo what's up everybody chill boy JRE I
know the scenery's a little bit
different I am a Terry TV spot oh is
that where we are oh we are here is this
hopefully this is this this is this is
my place okay good
our last time I checked if you didn't
already know I did a collab on his
channel so if you want to go check it
out but not right now let's check out
miss her kpop lyrics now I actually
haven't done one of these videos or
check out any of these videos miss her
kpop lyrics they've done videos like
long ago when I first about I know I've
been missing now yeah I know if you've
done a few Oh
a couple couple I can't wait I just want
to start to sell you know Terry let's go
Monsieur kpop lyrics compilation let's
come brace yourself you've never seen
this before a huge reactive 20 I mean
I've seen all the music videos but I
don't know about the miss hair came up
oh you're in for a surprise
hey let's go wait who is this
this be AP the AP he knows way more kpop
than I do I hope but ready to fry I feel
like a rookie here what's the actual
Lewis what oh my god wait let me hear
that again
yo player I guess it's probably ruin the
whole beauty of me I know about them oh
I heard yeah is a famous Lloyd
[Applause]
Wow dragalge can't backtracking me yo
you gotta love that trail of that tree
look trees come on up baby
wait what okay whoa what are you talking
about man all right
Oh deep monetize monetize guys didn't
see that okay shield your little virgin
eyes how do you come up with this stuff
what's wrong with you Oh mom what's your
performative Wow yes you just say that
you're funny and you're not really fun
I'm speechless I never heard that one
I'll shine his back shyness back hahaha
I know right oh that's a whole bunch all
the money behind us what's the actual
lyrics to that one guys that has to be
accurate I think that's miss her butter
like poop - Spider - I am never gonna
forget that I'm never gonna forget that
either hello darkness smiles black thing
oh hello
make that love stop playing I think
they're reaching yeah that one's a
little Ricci bad girl bad girl that's
alright yeah I think we all knew this
one actually never knew about that would
never you shoot your mom maybe your mom
naughty cat so that doesn't that sound
good some of them are reaching but for
the most some of them are reaching some
of them actually sound legit y'all
actually surprised this is beast now
highlight you see he's the expert
kinda I feel like oh geez and with that
cut right there yeah oh no they reaching
- I know but this one cuz he had a hose
in there
so my goodness a lot of words I keep on
repeating I know you guys are sick
seriously get a grip be a train or a
boat actually sounds pretty good
actually
I'm not gonna lie
why y'all shocked they reaching this bad
man Wow oh yeah
lipstick chicken butter roll actually
doesn't sound that bad is on that bed I
don't sound like a weird snack oh this
is a beautiful a cut-up
okay oh yeah oh no I've heard that one
what's this it means a lot you really
know it's a lot we can elaborate on that
oh my god wait okay okay I want so bad
all the better Stan but what makes sense
actually yeah
this third ship is their company my ship
can butter ten girls oh wow uh you know
no I guess not
I don't want to I know about this one
I knew what I wanted it's definitely
enjoy enjoy trade well what do you think
so far
some taking a trip down somewhere clever
some we're reaching some of them look
like really ashamed of them like really
some of them actually fit into well some
of them did a sexy little hating them oh
that wasn't him but this one was made by
Cajun oh and then I think it's key Jim
oh my bad Qian Qian Chinese key and gin
from BTS kind of sounds like chicken
sorry misheard lyrics mister names oh
but we're gonna check out a new video so
let's get into that one their link is
down below guys all the original links
definitely go check them out check them
out if you have time so this iconic
misheard kpop lyrics is by you and link
heaven you and I in oh you and Ike a
heaven did I just but your take you I'm
so sorry
wait what did you say wait what well you
gotta be a wife we're going oh hey oh
you gotta be waiting way I'm not you at
first then I realized it was money yeah
oh oh joker joker i mean make sense we
won't lie but why you always lying I
feel like we had enough missed our
lyrics I think I had enough mr. Lee's
out what about you I've had enough for
now there's only so much you can take in
at one point pause some of them actually
worked out some of them they're really
reaching and some of them are just like
really now why let us know guys in the
comments what you thought cause
somebody's misheard kpop lyric guys
check out the original links in
description down below got the tairy TV
for being in this video with me thanks
man I mean I appreciate thanks for
having me I appreciate that and
yeah go check out his stuff link in
description down below subscribe you
wanna grab if you want don't have check
it out use if you want you have time you
should I like how you deflecting it I'm
like you should I say dream believe do
Ruby if you have a dream out there put
some hard work into it it might just
come true that's a freaking script dude
how do you say that every time it's been
four years on YouTube Terry let me try
keep on dreaming dreamers if you have a
belief out there hard work dedication
maybe it'll come true this is good
enough
I made the message alright y'all thank
you guys for watching and like subscribe
share the video and see you guys till
next time peace hey you better subscribe
[Music]
