it's like when you oh I play was gonna
do the Nana Nana Nana Skeeter Paul most
are beautiful people
Mabuhay magandang ro and welcome back to
am g india cool opus yo era and today i
will be reacting to scott starkly yes
the boy is back with apparently a cover
it's not a song of his it's a cover of
heartbreak anniversary by Givi on never
heard the original so I'm gonna have to
check out the original after I check out
Scott stuck Lee's short cover it says
short cover because it is only 1 minute
and 56 seconds and for those of you
don't know Scott Stockley I call him the
Chris Brown of the Philippines because
he's got those Chris Brown you know
vocal tendencies in my opinion and you
know he also went out with that popular
girls
zeyneb something something you know
Ricky had a key hi Ricky I I don't know
I don't remember her name but she is
very pretty and of course Scott Stockley
is part of two bands you know two groups
of rappers and he he usually is my
favorite rapper of the of those groups
so that's why I liked this guy he cannot
only sing but he can also wrap but
obviously before we start please
consider follow me on instagram at music
game news and I wonder if in this cover
he is going to rap or sing I'm betting
he's gonna be singing yeah because the
title of the song does not you know
sound very hip hop ish you know
heartbreak anniversary it sounds more
like an R&B thing alright let's do this
oh wait but before we start you know
those teasers that you can find on the
well you can watch the full reaction
video exclusively on patreon so don't
hesitate to check it out
[Music]
see does he have like a little bit of a
fuss here and there you know a little
bit of the mustache here and there is
that it I don't know cuz it looks
strange man like just shave it off if
that's like fuzz shave it off
[Music]
yeah see I told you this sounds very R&B
already like the the harmonies you know
sound very R&B already see that's what
I'm talking about like if you close your
eyes you like huh is that Chris Brown he
kind of sounds like him too a little bit
[Music]
for those of you who don't know he
recorded this prior you know now he is
lip-synching his own vocals wait a
minute heartbreak anniversary is he
singing this to zeyneb it's possible
[Music]
like when you oh I play was gonna do
then an analyst kita I was so cool I'm
sorry I have to pass often because I'm
actually enjoying every little aspect of
this cover see he has a style you know
he has a type of of melodies of notes
that he likes to reuse in his music you
know and I'm guessing he covered this
one in this manner because it is very
close to the type of music he creates
[Music]
yes oh my god it sounds so much like
Chris Brown it's insane
and you know that chair that he's
sitting on I had one before and like
they are promoted as like the gaming
chairs the most comfortable gaming
chairs but they're not man like they
hurt my back like crazy I had to sell it
and buy a new one
also that ball that you see you know
that ball basically allows you to record
without having the reverb of the room
you know being recorded as well so
basically that represents like a studio
booth
I don't know how efficient it is but
yeah
[Music]
nice whoa nice how he went kept going up
[Music]
nice yeah you did good you did good that
was awesome man I loved it it was
acoustic if you think about it because
it was his voice and the piano and
that's it you know he could have put
acoustic in the in the title awesome it
was beautiful it was gorgeous it was
heartfelt you know even if he wasn't
singing it live he still had to sing it
right and record himself so it was very
heartfelt so I have to check out the
original and see how much he changed it
you know how much he made it his own
because if he changed it a lot Danielle
this is amazing you know you can
consider this almost like a new song
even though the lyrics are not his but
like I said it's very reminiscent of his
own song and I'm wondering if it's still
directed to his ex-girlfriend that is
called Zeynep right I hope I'm not wrong
because man I have to remember too many
names you know yes it was good bra this
confinement thing like there is a
shortage kind of of of new content you
know it's always nice to talk and listen
and react to old stuff but you know I
kind of misuse the new things you know
that people get hyped up about yeah so
it's your turn now to tell me in the
comment section below your thoughts on
this pretty awesome cover of constantly
like this dude I mean I know there are a
lot of people that actually don't like
him because he's done some
nice stuff apparently I don't know but
you cannot deny his talent the dude can
sing the dude can rap the dude can
produce great tracks you know and that
is why he is successful on his own but
also with his groups you know like the
dude can definitely create hits so good
for him yeah you know yeah so my timing
my timings on I might put thank you so
much for watching as usual please don't
forget to like the video to share it
with your friends and of course take
care of yourselves have a great day and
I will see you in the next video as
usual peace thank you for watching
subscribe here and please like the video
to show your support and appreciation
for my work and turn on the notification
Bell to beatbox for future content yeah
