haha just woke up mamamoo go baby go go
baby go go baby go go baby
say that five times fast does a baby
little baby little baby little baby go
baby
I messed up who the hell is calling me
at this time yeah yeah please leave a
message please my mom look plus oh she
just hang up on me I'm pretty excited
for this one especially did I do this
part I think I popped my shoulder
mamamoo got the voices a sexy beautiful
I mean Shu I haven't even survived from
the last comeback I'm still different
what's a solo anyways let's get into
this let's go let's begin play my intro
[Music]
mamamoo go gobei mamamoo go go baby you
ready for this let's go let's get it
okay people passed out okay we bring it
up atlas got me dancing re i mean i
already seen the teasers already know
how it's been like sound here we got me
dance when I saw the teasers but they go
on they all right
boom bill hey hey okay that place is
hella big I mean I mean that place is
kind of small
I mean you owe house party
keep your videophone like that
Go Go baby okay what is happening right
now what what house party
[Music]
hey is your booty okay the hair up and
everything
[Music]
oh okay we shouldn't music video real
time it's really about a house party but
so few of those that's me is working a
bathroom too mmm
[Music]
so I got this awesome but I know hello
why can't why can't that guy be me right
now like I'm single one you know I'm not
jealous my jealous okay god they're all
so beautiful my guy yes girl get ready
but you already beautiful mmm what is
happening what was so loud to enter okay
this is weird
well don't you go kick her head first
like a my god girl what weight as he was
just running I thought he was running
having a race at the kick the head I
like what the hell
photos with the girls I can relate okay
look on fire
welcome to room 99 what
[Music]
hold away would wait isn't that Alex
baby with the others was slug yo go Alex
go Alex oh I know our child all the way
girls the redhead girl I know her - oh
she's my leg apart wait what wait I'll
do afterwards yeah wait it was a reading
yeah you know one day
[Music]
I just wanna party too so they basically
taking over a study study party or a
study party our study and they made
their own party I mean why can't you
just like interrupt my reaction video
right now oh my god yes
why is that that's sexy to me when they
were pulling their hair I don't know
what's wrong with me up ah they switched
it the little girls from the beginning
got a lot of things to talk about so
Alex was in here
hey Alex first thing yo bigger that's
what's up that's cool I recognize
someone I've been something like from
Thomas over the years I've been seeing
some of my friends that are in these
music videos that's just so dope which
mean other hand still haven't been in a
music video
unless I have a green screen say booty
they said booty booty booty everything I
mean it's just wait they dropping it low
listen I already talked I already went
about quasi dropping a law in on twit
and now all four of them be dropping it
low let me see for research y'all
research
[Music]
crickets okay okay before that before I
was about to say that's all our look how
cute she is right here so so cute oh my
god you got that oh my god that's cute
that almost brings me to tears almost
like that's how cute it is like all you
are so cute oh my god yes mama move
let's go on me grow your booty okay the
way it just like crosses iPhone doesn't
work so she has like the old cellphone
moonbyul has the old computer I think
when and solar has just paper I want
would she she gets the Oh give you a
piggyback ride
like Hello
is it me I can feel your eyes I can see
it in your smile
[Music]
yo I seen you - what if I seen this guy
from you youtuber where do you saw you
but I don't know
don't mind me I'm just a little jealous
you know it's not okay he you like I
could get over this I could get over
this trust guys don't worry just move on
let's just move on from this part
broomsticks these things look like it's
popping but 99 is just quiet and I mean
thinks this is 99 but like okay yeah I
know that girl the redhead girl tower
named Alice Kristine looking cute
I'll see you looking all nerdy I'll get
you a woman ah I need to do something
you're not be crazy if mamamoo just also
interrupted my reaction be at the party
I guess not happening let's continue
[Music]
girl they are sexy look a solar car if
solar everyone like this to me oh my
girl like I'll be drop-dead like ask
girl if I had hair
I'll join y'all like this you know uh uh
mamamoo go go baby
that was funny me watching this just
wants me to just party mom I mean I feel
like my partying days are over
I mean like my partying and drinking
days I guess the party you just you know
sober the song got me bumping they got
me body roll and it got me dropping low
you know that the way this don't see
some of my friends in music videos
though I'm not gonna lie it's pretty
dope it's interesting put a comment down
below what you guys think like this
video share this video and subscribe
keep on dreamin dreamers dream believe
do repeat if you have a dream out there
put some hard work into it might just
come true oh and yeah yeah have a
blessed day
wherever you are night morning blessed
everything you'd be blessed okay let me
bless you for some mamamoo okay are
y'all good okay
peace hey you better subscribe
[Music]
