[Music]
bonnie is best known for its beautiful
beaches peccable sir
stunning temples luxury villa but little
do people know that Bali has a rich
Street food scene
influenced by traditional Balinese
regime and Indonesian classic today we
are going to explore night market of the
streets of seminar to dig in some guilty
delicious pleasures
[Music]
what is up guys we are currently in Bali
Indonesia and today we have mentioned
out to a food market to try out some
indonesian street food and snacks
actually we get a beautiful little local
market everybody seems to have come out
to buy the groceries for the week it
seems or the weekend we're gonna look
around the market for a little bit and
grab a ton of food and then try away
food
interestingly enough we found something
that looks suspiciously like hollow
hollow and maybe I can redeem myself and
actually hollow hollow the hollow hollow
before I eat it this time so without
further ado let's go oh and by the way
George and Lucy they're still juicy so
guys I just wanted to say this
such a beautiful experience here
actually nudist market from our last
trip we were headed to another market
now we are here because they are poor
market work with MS so a good sign is
always if locals are they probably
really good so let's see that is the
case I always get a little bit excited
we will finally find a local market and
I didn't know that this nice and local
market was right in the middle of a busy
area of Polyakov it so much that we want
to share it with Georgian Lucy as well
I mean I just said oh let's just pull up
one and share it you say like know why
we're great and then
I just wanna the suit
with chicken soup our case and spicy
with minerals
girl meets dumpling
[Music]
afterwards we're gonna stop delicious
we're wondering how we get Nelson
[Music]
right Oh
so I was really necessary
maybe
alright I'm gonna go in straight with
some samba because I know I need to be
some spicy today somehow boys when it's
hot outside
let me eat spicy food yum-yum
it's very spicy really okay I might just
try some without
[Music]
yeah guys Marcos very nice
recommendation right
let us breakfast food enough spicy
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
my favorite spice
[Music]
it definitely needs a little gets quite
drive down this pretty good but we would
go well with buses like a little fish
with soy sauce a little bit of coconut
vinegar small little red chili broken
into you know where I'm going with this
right so the name of this is do you know
what the name is it's a noodle soup and
there's a bunch of things India is kind
of a chicken dumpling in here please
it looks like shredded chicken and then
we got some water spinach it's not spicy
smells delicious but has a hint of
sweetness and the damn thing tastes very
fresh nice really it's really good yeah
[Music]
it does it does taste like chicken yeah
it's really chicken in Matera expect
these noodles to be bad as I saw they
make them fresh
[Music]
really good this is really a really good
dish really like it now can you get some
it thank you
the spices very spicy yeah you're right
the broth has a very slight Swedish bass
[Music]
locals eat somewhere it's a good time I
feel like I mean inside of what Oh
without the crispys
Oh
[Music]
I'm speechless
really your mind is from it's got this
little line like holes of plow like
pockets of air inside out it reminds me
becomes Nate like the texture it's like
from the camera
[Music]
that's insane nice okay good choice for
the peanut definitely
it's been a while you guys already
pointed it on it's like a sponge but
it's a pancake actually crumpet is a
great comparison
I love crumpets usually comes with more
sugar way more sugar but we decided to
go for the absolutely
[Music]
oh my god is so good oh my god
and it's
you can taste the eggs I mean you can
see the color fluffy egg
wait nothing so talk to me outside yeah
like remember what the waffles that we
had in our coffee shop so good so I can
see that because we're gonna be living
here in Bali now I'm gonna be sneaky
classy every night with my scooter gonna
make the world the work of Schabel to
get my pancake I'll be sitting in the
corner the locals will know me they're
gonna be like a pancake guys so this is
definitely something that you have to
try because this
it's one of our favorite things we only
tried it twice but it's softer than my
first bath
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
indonesian street food video if you did
give us a thumbs up and let us know if
you want to see more indonesian street
food there's still a lot of
opportunities to eat indonesian Street
food here if you want to see a another
fun version of this video head on over
to the juicy vlog links down below oh I
didn't I didn't put my opinion but the
link is down below check out their
content really awesome really fun I had
a few good luck on your blogs one hour
to find this market because we went to
the wrong market through first place but
then it's all adrenaline they were like
running around it's like all these all
these things that you actually don't see
on camera in any case I'm gonna finish
this mug yeah let me know down below
what your favorite street food is
regardless of which country it's from
see you guys in the next video goodbye
you
