[Music]
hi guys welcome back to another reaction
video today we have kind of a different
video but it's the top 10 places to see
when you visit the Philippines let's
check it out now I'm about to let you in
I am actually the hidden gem of self or
Nyjah a cave like you the Philippines
maybe favorite of all country why not
travel to it is some of the most
beautiful land can't wait to see the
most incredible people you will ever
come across
however you know that some people I made
Randall Ranger I want to give you a bit
of my background many emotional days
when I spent the last two years
traveling seldom Stasia and with that I
spent about three months of it in the
Philippines it's a country I plan to
reach as it's very soon let's get
started with the countdown
number 10 is Boracay Boracay is easily
one of the most popular islands in all
of the Philippines and with that it can
get pretty busy sometimes now that can
be a good thing that can be a bad thing
the great thing is you can guarantee you
can find some extremely beautiful hotels
if that's in your budget you can also
find some relatively discount ones to
the budget shouldn't be too much of an
issue here the nightlife is pretty good
and the food selection is great Boracay
has everything from low-end hostels all
the way up to extreme luxury hotels it
can be backpack but definitely expect to
spend a bit more money here the island
of Bora Kai itself is extremely
beautiful so below the Louise waters
you'll see and some of the finest white
sand beaches I would assume this is how
it got so popular the population of the
island has outgrown the infrastructure
at least ten times over and this can
lead to a lot of congestion but you're
going to spend most your time on the
beach anyway so what does that matter
right number nine Oslo a flop is
extremely well known for one thing and
that is the whale shark this is a place
where you can actually go and swim right
next to these gentle beef now there is a
little bit of controversy that surrounds
us because the whale sharks are fed but
I'll leave that up to your discretion
it's such a humbling experience swimming
next to an animal that could literally
grow as large as a small bus in record
they grew up to 40 feet although it's
very unlikely everyone
large only 30 minutes away there's a
couple sets of waterfalls to Malaga is
the most impressive of the - it's a
massive drop-off the degree in May
beautiful myth now if you're looking for
more of an experience with the
waterfalls check out Aggie neat
waterfalls because you can actually
scale up them you can jump off of them
it's much more interactive than just
looking at a waterfall like you do at
Touma log it's definitely worth the
visit number 8 on my list is malapascua
it's very unlikely that you've heard of
this place before but there's a great
reason to go and it's this one animal
that lives below the sea it's very
unlikely you've ever heard of this place
but malapascua is home to one of the
most beautiful creatures I've ever seen
dory the thresher shark if you're a
scuba diver this is a must
there is no fish more impressive than
the thresher shark it has a long tail
just like a sight you see it beautifully
cutting through the water that's curious
this may smell a possible so that don't
work I sold it now and I mean I'd be me
right now but it's not the only thing
malapascua island itself is
extraordinarily beautiful again if you
haven't already noticed a trend
extremely blue water fine white sand
beaches and relatively expensive
accommodation so this definitely has to
be something that you save up for it's a
very small island and all the
accommodations on the island are quite
expensive do a little research we even
managed to find a bit of nightlife on
this incredibly dormant island my
girlfriend Laura really hit it off with
the locals if you know anything about
serious you'll probably be shocked that
I put el nido in seventh place el nido
is easily one of the most beautiful
places in the Philippines and arguably
the world the beauty of this place
leaves you in awe now let's start with
the great things about this place the
for island tour is incredible because it
lets you see the cerulean blue waters
the jagged cliff sides it's seriously
earth porn it's nothing like you've ever
seen before the days in El Nido are
unforgettable because you'll spend your
entire day hanging around these
beautiful landscapes but this is where
the problems start when night hits it
becomes a bit less enjoyable I'd say el
nito's electrical grid is archaic at
best when we backpack we spent at least
half of our nights in darkness and worse
than the dark we spent it without any
fan or air conditioning it gets
extremely
in the Philippines and when the power
goes out I become a pretty unhappy
camper in addition to this if you're
planning to do anything like I do as a
youtuber uploading is basically a no-go
the internet speeds are so slow and it
will drive you mad now there are some
ways you can get around these
inconveniences if you spend a lot more
money you can actually stay at
accommodations that will have backup
generators and this will at least help
take care of the problems of your air
conditioning going out so you won't
sweat to death at night I want to end
this on a positive note because this'll
be really pretty of El Nido the beauty
of this place makes it all worth it so
you have to go check it out if you end
up going make sure you do the for island
tour and make sure you climb Tarak cliff
if you're willing to risk your life it's
extremely jagged but the view you get is
unforgettable the next on my list is
boho boho is a large and magical island
there's so many things to see and do
here it never hurts to go around this
local that's how we find some of the
cool hidden gems like this little hole
in the ground no pun intended with the
whole being a big island you could
easily spend five to ten days here the
most popular of the beaches is alona
beach and this is a place where you can
stay at a five-star hotel or a guest
house or hostel the pricing is
definitely on the expensive ends but
nothing unreasonable also a must in
Bohol is to rent a scooter some of the
most incredible riding I've ever done
has been done here on this island
you take the scooter you drive up
further north from alona beach and
you'll end up visiting these guys these
are tarsiers animals only found in Bohol
they basically stood like this all day
but what more could you ask for I mean
just look at him he's chillin Mondays am
i right also worth mentioning I did go
up further north because rather than me
anything when although I like anda I
didn't love it I found it a bit of a
dirty Beach for me I would have
preferred to have stayed in alona beach
rented a scooter and used it to do day
trips like seeing the tarsiers the
chocolate hills etc you'll also see a
lot of European inspired churches while
exploring the Philippines this one here
was built by the Spanish and it was
actually shook up during an earthquake a
few years ago just after visiting the
tarsiers you're going to see the
man-made 4 and true to its name it's a
force that was actually hand planted by
men it's a really awesome feeling
because as you drive down it'll narrow
you feel like you're going for a tree
tunnel it's great for Instagram goals
and it's definitely an awesome feeling
as you're riding on your scooter after
the man made for us about another 35 45
minutes up north you'll be going through
what some people deemed the main
attraction of Bohol these are the
chocolate hills and you'll notice they
look extremely similar to a Hershey kiss
I don't know if that's why they've been
called that but the name is deafness
really cool you can drive up to the top
of one of the hills and actually get a
pretty good fist of the entire mountain
range I definitely recommend it number
five is a place that's on very few
people's lists dumaguete is an
incredible place and there's a lot to
see and do here it's a place I spent
almost two weeks scuba diving and
exploring it's beautiful nature if you
go to dumaguete check out cassotto Falls
I know I'm probably butchering it but
I'll write it down below right across
from dumaguete is a short boat ride to
April Islands make sure you check out
this place April island translates into
English as Turtle Island and it's
well-named because everywhere you go is
serious the brow there's sea turtles
everywhere and these chillers are used
to having people around so they don't
whine when you swim up next I'll not be
also just make windows touch them this
is by no means in Dumaguete but this is
one of the must must must use of the
Philippines this here is man Julio's
sandbar I call this place the Maldives
of the Philippines it's about a two to
three hour drive to get here from
dumaguete but every single minute of the
ride is worth it once you arrive you
arrive at a little dock you take a boat
across about 45 minutes and you arrive
in paradise if you have that extra time
or you want to take your Instagram to a
whole nother level you better check out
man joy goes down and then those are a
few of the things you can do in
Dumaguete there's some nightlife there's
great restaurants and a whole lot of
nice hotels and resorts this is a place
for anyone on any budget number for
almost on the podium but not quite
Kalwa Sun falls also known as body on
canyoneering
now before I even get into this if
you're not too afraid of heights and
you're not afraid to get wet this is one
of the coolest things that you can do in
the Philippines it's a full day trip
where you're guided through these very
narrow crevices where the water flows
down creating these awesome little
waterfalls it's such a unique and a
Miriam's that you really can't find that
many places in the world
I brought my expensive slow-motion
camera and a lousy waterproof housing I
risked it for you guys you're welcome
spotting on canyoneering is a guided
expedition and you cannot do this alone
by law you need to have a guide and I
highly recommend it anyways you would
not want to do this alone it's not too
expensive from my memory it's about 30
US dollars you get a guide and he shows
you through the canyons he pushes you
off the cliff and you even get a meal
out of it so it's not too bad so at the
end of the canyon is the world renowned
Calais on fall this waterfall literally
looks like the exit to the gatorade
factory the water is this weird
fluorescent blue that looks like it
should be bottled and sold to people at
a very high price the water is quite
cold so it's a very nice refreshing
break after a long day of jumping
through canyons now I must mention that
when this was filmed I was actually one
of the last groups to have gone through
the body on canyons in quite some time
and I'm not even sure if they've
reopened the municipal government shut
it down because they were worried about
erosion so do a little research
hopefully its reopen because it is one
of the top things to do good looking
also random insert you'll see roosters
everywhere in the Philippines
cockfighting is basically a national
sport my name Tim Fred the bronze medal
goes to my favorite landscape in the
entire world this beach is seriously
heaven and I don't use that word lightly
it is my favorite and I'm honestly blown
away that to this day knock pond has not
been developed as a resort town this is
the most incredible landscape that I've
ever seen now if you remember we talked
about El Nido being in seventh or sixth
place
well knock pond is about a 45-minute
scooter ride away from El Nido so again
if you were on the edge of going to El
Nido consider this you will get knocked
on in El Nido together because they're
only a scooter ride away from each other
the problem with Noxon is that because
it's such a beautifully untouched
landscape there's nothing on it there's
really only a couple guest houses with
which they have no electricity after a
certain hour I think it's after 6 p.m.
you have two options you can either
rough the heat and stay in a very basic
guest house on one of the most beautiful
beaches in the entire world or you can
just rent this
from El Nido and drive back to your
hotel resort wherever you're staying in
El Nido but one of the most epic day
trips you'll ever do this island here is
my silver medal it's probably my
favorite island in the entire world and
it's easily the best island in the
Philippines it is the definition of
exploring getting lost and seeing things
a few others have ever seen before
Vontae on island is basically like
Boracay before Boracay blew up it has
the beauty that will one day become a
developed area but for right now this is
a place that you can experience to
yourself there's so much to do from
exploring the jungle to exploring the
beautiful beach surrounds the entire
island there's even ghosts that freely
roam this is Jerome definitely check out
the mangrove there's these little trees
that grow on the water go explore the
other side of the island where there's
literally no identifiable landmarks just
beautiful untouched nature and so many
kids just playing on the side of the
road definitely say hi to them they
really appreciate it and they're a lot
of fun to hang out with I joined a few
kids and playing some basketball and it
was definitely one of the highlights to
my day it wouldn't be a perfect island
experience without a perfect sunset and
vonti on certainly has a lot of in fact
the Philippines has plenty of them I
don't think I've seen more beautiful
sunsets in my entire life you really
start to take them for granted because
every single night you get a sunset that
could easily be one of the most
beautiful you've ever seen now I don't
want to call it the winner because
everyone's a winner guys but just
kidding this is the winner of my top ten
of the Philippines koa Quran is
definitely not the easiest places to get
to it's pretty far north in fact it's
even farther north than El Nido it's
more inaccessible than El Nido and it
can definitely be a bit of an expensive
place to visit because it's so
inaccessible you either take like a
5-hour work around 1900 or you can fly
directly from Manila definitely expect
to pay top dollar because the flights
aren't cheap this is not a cheap place
to go now it's time to show you why
you're willing to spend your money to
come here and why you're willing to deal
with the inconvenience of getting here
tow run is simply out of this world I
can't compare it to anything to be
honest it's like New Zealand and Africa
had a baby and it was beautiful as
always
my favorite thing to do is rent a
scooter it's the first thing I do
whenever I get to a new place get a
scooter go explore this
Island you will be blown away now I must
say that the roads we took on our
scooters whoo we're basically like
off-roading there was some very loose
gravel some huge rocks that we were
driving over but the feeling of
exploring where few have explored before
was so worth it similar simple hole they
have mountains that look like the
Hershey Kisses they're not called the
Chocolate Hills but they're very similar
looking when we drove down this road we
probably didn't see tourists for the
entire day this might sound scary to
some of you but it's one of the most
amazing things the local Filipino people
are some of the friendliest and most
accommodating people definitely don't
take that as a bad thing it's an
incredible feeling of truly getting lost
in a place that you've never been before
now after exploring the rural side of
Curran for the day we went to the more
touristic spots there's these beautiful
hot springs where people generally come
for sunset
if you come here around 5:00 p.m. you
can definitely expect to see tons of
other travelers it's a really cool way
to meet people the next day my
girlfriend and I and a couple of friends
rented kayaks and we went and kayak all
the way across to a set of islands now I
don't know if I recommend the kayaking
because it truly was a very very very
very very difficult workout but it's
good to stay in shape while traveling so
maybe this is the best option for you
there's also the option to do Island
tours similar to El Nido so maybe check
that out if you don't want to go through
excruciating heat in a kayak but when we
made it to the other side the work was
so worth it similar to the landscapes of
El Nido you have the jagged cliff sides
the incredibly blue water and a feeling
of being cut off from the rest of the
world it's extremely energizing to do
that every now and then
these are among some of my favorite
drone shots I've ever captured thank you
Quran this is Laura looking graceful but
then she got bit by a fish at the end of
the day we put up the white flag and we
paid someone to tow our kayaks back
behind their motor boat it was the best
decision we ever made if you liked this
video and want to see more like this
check out the videos linked below I have
top-10 lists to Thailand I have a house
to travel the Philippines video that
actually shows you the route that you
should pay and I'm constantly making new
content so make sure hit the subscribe
well distribute the video a thumbs up
and if you want to be among the first to
note when my travelers guide comes out
make sure to sign up on my mail
at loss LeBlanc calm I'll be soon
releasing a guide that has everything
you need to know from how to save money
while traveling to how to make the most
of the places that you visit thanks for
watching guys and let's get lost in the
next one that's cool the Philippines Wow
everything looked absolutely beautiful
that was amazing
all those Ivor's I have no idea what the
cost would be to get there and stay
there for a while but I'm sure I need to
save my pennies for a while probably a
lot more pennies and I currently have
saved one would be amazing I love to get
away I've often thought about taking a
cruise somewhere I'm inclined to the
Philippines and just laying out on the
beach if you liked this video please
give a thumbs up and if you haven't
already please subscribe and I will see
you next time Thanks
you
