welcome to the most anticipated event of
the year the Philippines 20 games 2020
we're your hosts mica Nelly and we have
an exciting event for you today our two
contestants McCoy and Melia will be
competing in four very challenging home
quality disciplines today Angelina will
not only take home this medal but also
the bragging rights for the next years
to come
today's event is exciting nerve-racking
and full of grow and as always in the
Philippines we're going to start off
with an amazing opening ceremony hi this
is Michelle marques d near miss world
Philippines 2019 and with the power
bestowed upon me by the world I now
declare the quarantine Olympics
officially open good luck to all of the
contestants and don't forget to have fun
all right a huge thank you to our Miss
World Philippines
Michelle Marquez D for opening the event
officially and thank you to the juicy
blog for playing the official crime team
games 2020 anthem as I heard our
athletes are now ready to start with
their first games
what an incredible opening right
fantastic Philippines never disappoints
I wonder when this song is gonna hit the
charts I just hear that our athletes are
ready for the first event okay
nearly what is the first event that
we're going to be watching today okay so
the first event needs a lot of skills
you they have to balance an egg / llama
which is incredibly dangerous and just
thinking about it I'm getting goose
bumps for some odd reason the first game
has an extra twist to it because the
people will be wearing fins while
completing this task sounds really
difficult alright I think they're
trained for that for quite some time so
I'm really excited to see that so as we
see here contestant number one Delia is
preparing for this event actually it's
quite astonishing the pressure that
these athletes are under the country's
eyes are on them at all time that see
how she proceeds I see she's come into
position and I believe we are getting
the start she seems very optimistic
mother seems very confident look at her
straight stance the egg is placed on the
actual spoon she's having some
difficulties in the beginning all right
looks like the job yet oh here we go the
egg is in free balance right now she
gives us a thumbs up we're ready to go
so she's coming into the jungle area
don't step on the lava whatever you do
very good stance very good stance I
don't understand why we put fins on
these people Oh
first touch oh we have a touch of the
plant what does this mean I think that
means that
she will lose some points yeah but it
does not look like a disqualification at
this point she still has a very positive
stance oh that is incredible I mean just
the stamina and condition that these
athletes are showing on this event
today's phenomenon or the egg looks a
little bit shaky but cheese mastering
through it and she's approaching the
very first obstacle we have the untidy
nurse that is in her way Wow
oh that was look at the shell of the egg
I don't know how she is keeping a
straight face in this situation all
right okay Wow the egg is safe the egg
is safe
good balance very good balance then yeah
oh she stepped on her own fin that is
bad how is she oh she did that very well
and he or she comes to the first safe
zone you know I wonder what goes through
the minds of these athletes and these
situations like will she win will she
bring the egg over will she receive the
bragging rights hmm okay she is
approaching the creepy zone she's taking
it very slowly she got down on the yoga
mat very easily well she looks very
stressed I'm surprised she's hit she's
taking a very low stance at the section
more like military technique I agree I
think she made it I think oh she didn't
use her hands that extra points extra
points but now comes the big now comes
the big time placing the egg in the
ceremonial throne
very disappointing to news the first
discipline I'm actually looking at my
documents and many has been training for
this egg event for five years now yes
she has only dropped four eggs that is
astonishing all right I think we all
start with the tenders contestant number
two McCoy
let's see how McCoy does yeah okay we
have here McCoy he's shaking it off he's
praying he's praying see oh he seems
very confident at this point you know
putting aside all the stamina and
training and professionalism in this
event you really have to say that McCoy
looks terrible with a cap okay he is in
position and he's proceeding to a deep
jungle staying away from the lava very
good very good the egg looks
surprisingly stable he's very very
focused here we go yes comes the size
it's just really tough so there's a
slight point deduction on this one look
at that perfect form on those fins oh my
god I have never seen a performance like
this in my life before
but he is approaching the very first
obstacle I find it interesting his egg
holding technique is completely
different to an alias he's holding the
egg vomit forward oh he passed through
the obstacle with no problem not even
the slightest shake on the egg which is
really surprising I heard that he was
doing a lot of stretching and yoga to
balance during this quarantine so this
technique might helped might help him to
win yes looking a little bit sloppy on
the getting down but the egg is stable
and that's all that concept this point
all right as you can see he has a far
higher stance than Nelia had at this
point but he is not looking too
confident I will say he looks at the egg
with a hot version that I'm afraid that
egg might hatch all right wiping the
sweat of his face is coming close to the
egg this is actually looking quite good
the egg has started to slide
oh my god he is devastated devastation
devasting oh my god Wow
let's show us I mean these events just
aren't games this is serious this is
serious serious business we actually
have lost two eggs the positive thing is
the athletes will get a kick of protein
at the end of this event so you know you
always have to see the positive side but
it looks I like this event was a tie yes
I agree
before we jump into the next game it
looks like we're getting an update from
our quarantine games correspondent in
Manila Oscar Oscar how's the situation
in Manila right now
McNelly glad you asked people are glued
to their TV screens that's all right now
as they go crazy about that twenty20
event of the year we will win that's one
all right Thank You Oscar for that
update that is quite phenomenon yeah
what an exciting round guys we will be
back right after this all right I just
hear we are getting an update from the
athlete McCoy he's going to talk about
the rant a little bit let's switch over
to Nicole right now click away that
looked very intense how was it it was a
very hard challenge we tried everything
we could but the end of the day the egg
did not stay safe because apparently the
egg did not stay home I can't wait to
see what the other challenges are
hopefully I'll win at least one point
today it is hot in Sharjah today thank
you so what is the next game that we
will proceed with alright the next
discipline is a very tough one because
as we know both contestants are not away
with washing dishes by hand and during
this quarantine they had to practice
that a lot so the next discipline is
actually washing dishes but but who will
succeed in the best time that's the
question all right before the run starts
we see here the
pick standard dirty dishes oh my oh my
that looks like some grimy mess indeed
it looks like somebody had some food
yesterday evening and didn't wash the
dishes that looks like Dryden bolognese
sauce oh yeah that is really bad and
tough inelia is preparing for the
competition with the protective gear
she's handed the Olympic dirty dishes
and will now proceed with the event
Wow we just that was like an enticing
event both athletes did really well but
I'm hearing from our team that actually
McCoy won those round congratulations
McCoy that can't be right
I'm not quite sure about that yet what
do you see it's very difficult because
on the one side McCoy did leave Fork
in the sink but his ecological washing
techniques really were quite impressive
he didn't use a lot of water turned off
the water while he was using the soap so
Nelia what you said to the outcome given
by the jurors I'm not sure about the
decision it was a very very tight game I
mean I washed all the dishes so I should
actually win I don't know if ecological
washing is considered in this discipline
but I washed all the dishes and he
forgot the fork okay so please tell us
why do you hate nature
oh so we're just getting a message from
our committee spokesperson Martin Martin
what what kind of news do you have for
us we sent the video to the
international committee of Norway and
they officially declared Millia
the winner wow what a crazy turn of
events or the official committee in
Norway has decided that Emilia actually
won this event I think that is
well-deserved yeah she did show a lot of
stamina and persistence and those dishes
were pretty damn keen I just read that
we have a bonus competition on this very
special day today yes as you guys know
we always like to do a community
outreach at the quarantine games and
thusly the outreach goes to a young
group of athletes that are very fluffy
and very cute let's tune in to the
competition okay so the athletes are
also tired and they don't wanna
participate they don't want to be
bothered all the kit
don't wanna meet bother right okay wow
those are some very fast but very
confused kittens yeah I remember seeing
them when they were just born and yeah I
think they developed really well during
this grinding time Thank You Janina for
keeping these kittens healthy and fit
before we head to the next discipline
we'll be back right after this short
commercial break and without further ado
we are going to jump right into our next
big event the next discipline here on
the quarantine games 2020 which is a new
addition to the sports world actually
I'm quite impressed with the techniques
that go into the sport the sport is
Unicorn floaty bat so the goal of this
activity is to throw a floating dart
into a floating unicorn there are two
runs that are done rapid-fire and one
around blindfolded let's tune right into
our first contestant okay our first
contender McCoy is ready to place his
first shot I will say he is looking
pretty fly for a white guy
how happy is it lucky oh is it skillful
I don't know so he's retrieving the dart
for the second goal looking very conky
very very confident at this point okay
it's taking a very low stance
I wonder if this event is too easy now
we went through the - rapid-fire rounds
and both throws were a hundred percent
hits but now comes the blindfold
challenge the challenge that most
components in this discipline fail at
let's check in he's looking very
concentrated placing the iPhone over his
face but seeming to fail miserably at it
how can we adjusting okay you know the
blind falls all right oh yes
at this point he seems very happy about
it
but let's see how Nia does with this one
all right Melia is in position she's
checking her Spanish aiming nicely
let's get a wider shot of this perfect
all right so here comes her first fro oh
who wouldn't be at this point trouble
I've heard that she is not very good at
throwing things so I believe she must be
really overly happy about this first
attempt here we see the athlete
aesthetically retrieving dart from the
unicorn getting back into position
here's a one fun fact for that unicorns
name is Charlie as we found out he has
been in the quarantine for quite some
time with them we're getting a great
view off the dodd-frank right now will
she hit over the Seamus yes point it so
now the question is she passed the -
rapid-fire rounds but how will she do in
the blindfold challenge she seems very
nervous about it she's trying to calm
herself down I'm reading right here that
she received her bandana from mr. Miyagi
oh wow she likes to wax on and wax off
what she's putting on the blindfold the
wrong way wrong ah here we go that's
better managing still not managing but
it looks like she has it a lot of
pressure on here a lot of pressure
alright Josie she's aiming well she hit
or what she knows
their realization oh my god she is she
can't believe that you can't believe
answer that must be really tough all the
years of training karate for nothing
that is very disappointing and all we
see right now is a sad lonely dot
outside of the unicorn okay right now I
believe we have the opportunity for a
quick interview with the winner of this
round me choir let's head on over there
right now
McCoy that was a great great performance
how is it possible that you hit the
target without even seeing it well
while other people during this
quarantine period have been learning new
things reading books and going to the
gym I've been throwing darts into the
pool you know it's all about priorities
in life yes I fully agree with Miko
maybe he should have done something
better with this time it's an every
Philippines grunting game show there are
cheerleaders and the crowd is going
really crazy yeah we have two
submissions from some charity the right
hand happens to the best of us we have
two submissions from cheerleaders where
they're located right now I believe in
Dumaguete yeah so let's switch over to
Callaway and Zoey they have put up a
little bit of a performance for our
athletes today
Wow
that was hot that was quite a
performance Wow I'm blushing
thank you calorie Thank You Zoe very
well done
before we start our fourth and final
discipline we have former short a troll
all right guys so this has been an
intense event so far now we come to the
final round which is speed-eating troll
and I heard that Vic rain has been doing
a great training on this discipline yes
and I believe he trains daily exactly
daily for this one discipline and this
one will decide who will win this is the
tiebreaker let's tune into our athletes
right now so I've been trying to eat at
least 1/2 to choke a moocher per day to
prepare my mouth and my stomach for this
challenge some people don't take the
sport seriously but I do there's
definitely a lot of pressure here it's
the last discipline and this this game
will decide who will win and we have
been training like crazy for this so
made a better one way yes cheers and no
matter how good we are how good we
perform we always have to remember the
master tokimori eating will always be
Martin 3 2 1
always a look
okay whoa Nelly today's event was so
exciting I was really tied to a moment
so much what was your favorite moment
it's so hard to tell like all that the
Sabine's was so exciting that I can't
really decide the sportsmanship today
was really really very impressive
hang on a second all right guys we just
got in the results okay we're going to
switch over to the award giving ceremony
right now can't wait to see who actually
is the winner of today's event
I would like to thank everybody that has
believed in me from the beginning that I
would windows and that I would make this
large achievement I'd love to thank the
art of working at the Zara Zara store
for not being judgmental for me buying
so many chakra would draw and all of you
guys out there rooting for me and I know
the crowd has been crazy go crazy all
day so thank you so much we did it
guys if you enjoyed today's quarantine
games that please give this video a
thumbs up let us know in the comments
down below what your favorite discipline
was we hope we were able to put a smile
on your face and as always stay safe
stay home we heal as one we win as one
and we smile as one if you guys would
like to submit your own quarantine home
quarantine challenges then be sure to
tag us on Instagram making it happen
vlog and use the hashtag home quarantine
games 2020 I will feature our favorite
submissions on the next vlog we hope you
enjoyed us we'll see you guys next time
to stay awesome be positive thumbs make
it happen
