what's up everybody it's your friendly
neighborhood huh Google's back hug in
within another reaction video as always
by my side
ha sing hot Tim and today we're coming
at you after a little bit of time y'all
been hitting us up whatever we're at we
posted a live she's not the long ago
talk about what's going on we are
currently at my parents house dad
knuckles and mom knuckles represent and
they were actually in the last
livestream it's public if y'all go check
that out called where are we go look at
that we have the Jolly beat in the
backdrop represent I came and brought it
to my mom and today we're gonna be
watching one of the most heavily
requested videos we've had ever I
believe yeah yeah like top 10 most
requested videos we've ever had on the
channel yes
everybody said y'all gonna check out
this Morris item on video that she did
from Asia Song Festival people are going
absolutely nuts about it yes I don't
know what more we can expect for more so
that we've already seen like every time
she opens her mouth it's just like
golden raised commands like I can only
imagine people are going crazy that
she's just bringing it to another level
and I'm really excited to check it out
cuz I feel like you know not only we've
not done reactions in a while I heard
some Morissette yeah same here and more
such is great she's please let's go and
check it out see what's going
[Music]
[Music]
it's like I know this song we've heard
her do it mm-hmm you know we voted for
for the wish
she's so beautiful
[Music]
she's coming in so soft and reserved I
love that
[Music]
there's just a present she has right
there you know what's her eyes me right
now
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
it's like a warm hug her voice is like a
[Music]
[Music]
Wow those two people in the back just
like yeah
[Music]
I want to meet her she's in Houston to
me couldn't go yep I love that like the
heart
[Music]
I don't like close my eyes and just I
get like goosebumps up the back of my
leg listening
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
she just got that intangible there's
only one more side
I love this song - that she does this
really wrong count me down
whoa
[Music]
Wow
she was something else I can't even
oh my god what can it feel like to be
right there like five feet right there
oh my gosh I would like I would be
crying if I was right there in front of
her I think that's just amazing I can't
even think
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
dunfin
looks dumb science and I'm like I'd be
freaking out I'd be like wow hit him
with the finisher we love you what else
does she sing so what is her second song
gonna be that's some element hand
emotion so getting that young Mariah
Carey up in here so we're gonna hear
some whistle notes
she's like sprinkled whistle no it's all
in the last one
no there was one of those sports toaster
I said before
[Music]
Alex laughs I love sheets like pulls it
off switches to the pants I love like
how excited she is alike genuinely happy
she
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is old school
Allah won't she like can switch up her
emotions like so quick then just get the
crowd going you know yeah well these
people of their back turn to her like
I'm like why she's Queen it's so
effortless for her I know she just opens
her mouth and it just like slows down
[Music]
showing all the Philippines reps with
that Asia Song Festival though yes where
did this take place at do we know I
think it's in Korea at least those
subtitles and creative thing I heard
this I am really long time
[Music]
[Applause]
I know a lot of people get upset when I
would compare her to Mariah but I still
think more is better yeah I think put a
lot of different people against Mauri
Mauri wins every time
[Music]
[Music]
every day your buddies to Japan you go
that was awesome
[Music]
[Music]
I love that backdrop that keeps showing
as really cool again wing yeah you know
a song called emotion she brings your
motor
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
why what was she like was she like
sending out signals to another planet
yes I was like she was like
communicating with aliens or saying oh
boy
the whistle was like on a radio
frequency level for real straight up
what that was awesome but we never seen
her do not like that hands like no like
that so you know I can't like another
level of high knowledge at one point she
like went higher than oh my god higher
than any grade ever higher than any
mountain ever that's bouncing off the
satellite and that's a lie she was gonna
fly away like I don't even understand I
can't comprehend absolutely loved it
glad that we came back to this video
thank y'all for a question that she is
phenomenal I can never say enough
amazing things about Morissette so I
won't so let us know what you think in
the comments down below if you liked the
video like it we missed you guys we love
you guys a little bunch more coming out
soon and let us know what you want to
see in the future times and we'll have
more videos up for you later we love you
yes bye
