we need to go to Austria Wow Wow look at
that Wow
so cool oh man I'm so jealous I want to
be there just see
[Music]
every possibility you're making all of
being done not so sure but I think to
the birdie as you sway on the back seat
[Music]
good morning guys welcome to probably
one of the most beautiful days that I
have seen in Manila since we returned
from chaga how is everybody doing today
we have got a lot to do we have got a
lot to do first of all we need to go to
Austria yeah for real
that might sound strange for you right
now but the natural fact we are headed
to the Austrian embassy to take care of
some administrative work then we need to
do a ton of shopping we want to eat some
healthy food at one of our favorite
Greek restaurants at BGC and the third
thing is we want to talk about something
crazy that has happened in the
Philippines that somebody sent us
yesterday we want to show it a little
bit later it is it is crazy and it hurts
me deeply I am suffering that I cannot
go and experience it because of Corona
but that is the way it is we are we all
gotta make a few sacrifices to make sure
this is over very soon now first things
first grab a cup of coffee from the
curator after our morning run it feels
so good to be out in the park running
every day every day yesterday I did a
workout with some heavy weight which
really I ate my body so today my muscles
are sore but in a good way do you know
that feeling when you've been lifting
weights and your muscles are sore but
it's like in a very satisfying way well
that's how I feel today all right let's
get this day started
hello hey am I allowed to
Wow
[Music]
thanks for the coffee guys see you later
yeah I love getting my morning coffee
even though I have two fabulous and
actually one majestic coffee machine at
home and one great coffee machine at
home and fantastic coffee beans I still
love to get my flat white at a small
coffee shop because I love to support
small coffee shops we used to be owners
of a small coffee shop so we know you
know yeah we know the struggle we know
how frustrating it can be as a barista
if you're alone in your coffee shop and
you just want to make coffee for people
and talk to people it means so much to
Burruss people on people think forests
has become baristas just because of
coffee baristas become baristas because
they get to interact with the customers
and share the joy of coffee with
customers it's not just about making
coffee man I really would love to drive
one of these one day they look so cool
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
ok Here I am I arrived at the Austrian
embassy Mike already went ahead yes
Anala so just arrived this is our
president by the way I have a fun fact
for you guys
our president drives with the public
transportation like everybody else cool
factor
this is Austria guys so this is a
brochure tourism brochure from the Baja
and Baja is very well known for the
wines that they have beautiful landscape
and usually when you go there you drink
wine and have a yoson which is a top
cutlery so so good highly recommended if
you happen to be in Austria check it out
although if you want to try skiing head
over to Tyrell it's surrounded by
mountains so this is basically how it
looks really beautiful landscape lots of
legs oh wow and if this is the world map
Austria is right here northern of Italy
okay
grandpa Nala
Wow it looks it looks even Austrian in
the end it looks Ostrom inside it
doesn't matter yeah I half expected
somebody to work out with him it's Lana
Bo yeah I was expecting that as a
greeting present
why isn't there something it just be
there by law but yeah the embassy has a
phenomenal view it's very quiet in there
[Music]
Mike they want to tell us another
subject about our president yes our
president has very few duties and very
few powers but he earns more than the
president of the United States
[Music]
all righty it is now around I'd say 132
o'clock and we are going to be eating
for the very first time we're going to
sue for a huge huge dish of salad Greek
salad I'm really looking forward to that
sub matter in a while and maybe maybe
I'll have the frozen yogurt as well as a
little treat just a picture for
Instagram guys three kilos weight off
yes in the last few days were just fat
[Music]
so we arrived back at home and I'm going
to make myself a cup of tea because I
discovered a very very special flower
here in the Philippines that makes the
tea look very special so I'm going to
show you what I mean and then I'm going
to show you the video that we promised
at the beginning of today's vlog because
I think it's worked worth sharing and
probably will brighten up your mood so
stay with me oh ok it's a love coming
into the kitchen but I'm not going to
show you everything I just wanted to
show you this here here we go
so I got these teas from Celeste tea
really cool local brand here this is
what I want to show you guys so the
first time that I had these flowers was
in Chaka Chaka Island and funnily enough
it was mixed with rice so I was
wondering why the rice was blue and that
was because of these flowers here it's
called I think the tomato flower here it
says organic butterfly pea but I think
in Tagalog it's Tenet it ah it smells so
good mmm
and this is locally harvested so I'm
going to make some tea with you guys now
[Music]
well nah look at that color
oh my god it looks like but that's jewel
from Titanic is it an emerald no that's
this emerald is green but yeah this is
how did she looks like my sorry mic is
teasing me my editing is faster than
your filming oh wow okay yeah let's
let's show let's show them what we found
we found what was said to us by so many
people it's so exciting
I just got a delivery from a viewer who
is a plant-eater and she gave me some
plans so I adopted them okay so many of
you guys sent us a message about what
happened here in the past two days and
we literally we haven't seen it yet we
wanted to just film our own reactions I
mean it's not like we're gonna do a
whole reaction video to it but we
thought let's put it into this long as
it's really exciting
okay so this is yeah what is it about so
this is on GMA people in behold all of a
sudden discovered occurs in the water
killer wells in Bohol yeah we're just
nuts crazy I had an idea that there are
killer wells in the Philippines Oh
imagine you are snorkeling or diving and
all of a sudden that comes this like
okay and they decimate me fascinate me
because they they're very intelligent
animals and like their hunting groups
they have tribes they have own languages
and dialects that they used to
communicate with each other
crazy hawkers are so insane so let's
watch this this quick video I'll put it
in this video as well so you can see
what we see
[Music]
oh my god that must be so crazy when
your other board and all of a sudden you
see
[Music]
Wow look at that
oh yeah maybe a little bit scary yeah I
think it's the third one Wow did you
know that orcas kill for pleasure they
hunted kill for pleasure there's also a
cat that hunts for pleasure purpose only
isn't it the deluxe most beautiful it's
five I love you for applauding wonder
what I would be the same dancing and
screaming and everything oh my god sakes
I think one way they came from I thought
yeah what made them travel all the way
to in sugar we heard that a lot of Steel
sailfish sailfish came back to chagawo a
very very long time and selfish is like
that it's not like the fastest fish in
though wow so cool
oh so jealous I want to be there and
swim with them and I don't seem to see
them
I think orcas are the one of the very
few sea creatures that I would don't
want this for yeah
we're not afraid of sharks anymore well
great white chocolate oh we're coming
bite you when I saw that they the
headline that all cars came back to the
home I'm like can you can you imagine if
they like stay if this is like just like
not one occurrence if they'd be here
permanently then we'd have orcas whale
sharks thresher sharks sea turtles reef
would have all these amazing creatures I
mean there's already so many but just a
matter like orcas as well
Wow awesome well thanks guys for sending
as this video is really really cool down
below but also if you just put an
orchestra hole it'll come up on YouTube
nice love it comes back he's the one
good news from this hole and she I think
she just has plants as a hobby not sure
if she has a business with plants but
she shares some trans pictures on her
profile as well oh my god
[Music]
this was like Christmas
okay here we have whoa Wow very cool fan
I don't have this one yet okay number
one oh my god she just said to me on
Instagram she wants to send me as if and
I'm a huge fan of Z print it's this one
in the back that survives everything
loves to be neglected neglected threats
wow oh my god I think I have a similar
like this one but just in small oh yes
Oh small one anyone and they'll be plant
Oh luckily I still have some pots left
[Music]
look at that such a nice pattern quick
plant updates with my plans
the two palm tree like plants oddness
not doing too well I would say I still
need to figure out what's wrong with
them my rubber plant died I think
and there's another one that is really
hard to keep alive I read it already get
on the
Internet it's a small one oh yeah that
one thank you but otherwise all the
other friends are doing really Wow look
at that the painting I found your blog
through me I seek you when I was missing
the beach you've lost reminded me of
what I thought whenever I went scuba
diving it was and still is your
positivity that keeps me hooked on
watching your vlogs
oh like a whole whole thing but I'm
going to read that in private so happy
thank you so so much
yeah this is the plant that got kind of
like yellowish spots it's not in the
direct Sun I don't water it too much so
I don't really know what's what's the
meta the one in the office looks much
much better but here is the I'm not sure
if I can save it but so yeah I put it
here in the morning light and this is
the one that is really hard to keep
alive I heard they need a lot of
humidity so I might put them in the NX
kitchen and just put them out for
daylight and since so many of you guys
make me happy on a daily basis I just
wanted to take a second to make somebody
else happy and this person is actually
currently struggling with cancer it's a
friend of the Pinoy Baker's lady who
sent us the really amazing cakes so I
was following her story and I saw that
her friend got cancer and she had the
idea to support her friends to pay for
the chemo by selling t-shirts so I got a
I sent her a message saying hey I want
to buy a t-shirt and I got this design
hope belief and fight and they have
different designs and I was
have this face mask with the breast
cancer logo on it so if you want to
support the cause and also spread
awareness feel free to send her a
message on Instagram I will link her
Instagram down below and yeah it's a
topic that is very dear to our heart and
we hope that she will collect enough
funds for the chemo so her friend can
get the treatment that she needs and
yeah just wanted to take a second and
just appreciate that I'm happy and yeah
what I'm doing well I hope you do the
same I know it can be tough sometimes
that was it for today guys I think thank
you so much for tuning in we hope you
enjoyed our little day today in Manila
it was really funny to go to the
Austrian embassy for me building in
Austria and yeah of course I really
loved seeing the walkers emperors if you
have these kind of videos please send it
to us on instagram at making it happen
blog and at nellis left underline
underline and I published a new video on
my channel as you guys know I published
a video from palawan which was voted as
the number one island in the world so
check it out I will link it here and
down below and we'll see you guys
tomorrow same time same place remember
to stay awesome be positive and make it
happen
oh gosh
[Music]
