what's up guys so if you guys follow us
on Instagram follow us on Instagram
because I want to let you guys know that
Erica's surprise birthday is going down
right now she's on the way here we're
here in front Abu and throughout my
uncle's again I want to show you guys
what she's gonna see when she comes in
she's coming here right now so we
haven't said happy birthday to her like
all day that just so happened to lead us
into a making a surprise for her because
mama bin bins sister passed away we went
to her vigil and you know her laying to
rest so we did that all today and we
haven't seen Erika all day and she
should kono sad because no one said
happy birthday to her so it's working
out pretty good too for us because guess
what well she's gonna see when she comes
in she's gonna see a big dog
I'm but then she's gonna see her happy
birthday we're here we're gonna say
surprised at the Erika Erika floating
this is cool no you because it's not
your birthday silly where's me where's
me what's up dong dong no and they're
over here
you guys are awesome cousins really
awesome cousins right Pet pet awesome
cousins char hey hi auntie noggin
someone feeling patatas what are you
guys making were you making a frittata
or something ooh beef carving caldereta
a frittata caldereta
[Music]
I'm caramels been working all day making
in someone called what you've been doing
nothing someone car stop door so there
they're doing they're making I don't
know but it's going to be yummy because
there's lots and lots of rice mr. Lamar
called thank you for hosting and letting
us have the birthday bash here we gotta
have a sniper we got we need a sniper
out the window because we need to know
when she's coming so we can like scream
surprise how are we gonna do that yes
okay
what Oh we're gonna pick them up so then
everyone's gonna wait here yeah but you
stay in here no you're staying here
you're gonna when she comes in you're
gonna be like okay like that but you
need to wait for her to come in okay
okay you just you okay Karl hey get off
the table
you're not you're not a monkey oh yeah
well Joan said I just found out that
we're gonna pick up Erica and then we're
gonna bring bring her here and then
she's gonna come through these doors and
then everyone's gonna be like surprise
and then happy birthday 14 hit the like
button if you are already excited okay
so we got to go pick her up here soon
I'm gonna get rid
okay guys so we had to make a quick stop
over here in the panel mark gadelle but
good Tom Kyoto
I'm so hungry guys like I'm shaking
because I had like a coffee earlier but
anyway I'm gonna find whatever is in
here and eat something maybe a quick
quick again that'd be really nice so I
can compare the Rojas quite quick but an
Abu quick quick feel at day 15 pixels ok
guys what do you guys think about that
yeah okay bye
you want one okay gonzalo Jolie nice
place okay there's the quick quick guys
there's the quick quick I'm just gonna
set this down because I'm like shaking
so we're just gonna eat this really fast
Lacey
okay spicy time
[Music]
okay up to you well we got to eat the
birthday dinner alright guys so we're
we're gonna eat this get going back
[Music]
sorry mo mo cousin ha panting beautiful
chicks at IMH chicken ramen nope that's
Jake's not mundum I'm gonna be happy
with you nah you brought me here to see
my auntie and face is that domestic
hearth day right come on not coming up
bless I'll see you guys I already buzzed
but just in case you want to see I'll do
it again okay one more time blessing
that oh that's what you do here anyway
if you don't get to say hi to her now
just say hi to her here Oh guys it's
raining but we're going back we got to
go
Erica's birthday party they got that let
Simon up you guys okay okay
what Clark yeah and pretty sure what
Park what why is she there waiting for
us so we're gonna drop this off and then
go pick her up
[Music]
yes yes mommy not a birthday now boy
that's not the reaction you're supposed
to be crying you supposed to be happy
not a money lock so you happy birthday
[Applause]
birthday happy birthday
expected
she's crying she's so happy she's crying
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
14-9 amazing dinner you prepared thank
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
and so mommy Gilmore family happy be hey
once I'm on the lam I'm sorry
yeah it is once I'm a beggar then take
my bangle and bar and you insane upon an
ha ha
come on stochastic whopping upon gosh
guys he goes food
Oh what's your name bro right right
right right right
hey right right hey guys we're having a
yes sir hey mommy
you having fun it's almost all bad guys
it's almost lo bad so see you and
birthday party but mine we're gonna have
some drinks
we're gonna sing it's gonna be a fun
[Music]
why not I why no Boise Braden like it's
like it's like subong
[Applause]
happy birthday to my daughter
Erika's 14th birthday thank you to my
all my family here and the Naboo end it
out and yeah we're close on this vlog so
I do always say Mikey to keep the tassel
said on the video don't forget to hit
the like button and subscribe if you
haven't we make lots of cool videos
every day so sing Oh Kai oh my gosh it's
awesome evening
[Music]
