today we have a ton of awesome updates
for you guys
[Music]
hi guys welcome back to making it happen
blog we have a few things to talk about
because a lot of things were going on
behind the scenes and Mike really just
do a little intro this is about a huge
announcement is that we moved away from
Miami and we moved to Southeast Asia and
we will move to and why we moved there
is one of the points we're going to get
into another huge announcement is a
planned trip to the Philippines with
somebody that I think you might know and
you'll be very pleased to see in our
vlogs a little bit more third
announcement is an awesome new vehicle
that we got and we're very excited about
and the fourth announcement is actually
the kickoff of vlogmas yes we're going
to be posting daily in December we're
going to talk a little bit more about it
in a second but the most important thing
about this video is we need your help to
plan our trip to the Philippines so stay
tuned so guys right now we are actually
in Bali we're in the neighborhood Changu
staying at the chill house which is an
amazing amazing villa complex that we've
been staying at for the past week
catching up on editing videos and
creating content it's been really nice
and relaxing staying here huge thank you
to the team of the chill house for
having us here feeding us amazing
healthy healthy delicious food to get
rid of all the fat that I that I
collected by eating too much electron in
the Philippines yeah the right now we're
in Bali and one of the announcements
that we said right at the beginning is
that Milly and I moved away from Miami
and we moved to Southeast Asia
and here now we finally can release the
news we are moving to
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
because of I was in
[Music]
cuz no matter what you do it's alright
now lily and I are looking for a place
to live a place to stay in Bali we're
looking at a few pillars and one of the
main reasons why we moved to Bali is
actually because we want to explore more
of Southeast Asia in 2019 so the reason
what we're actually moving here is we've
been traveling back and forth all the
time hopping on planes just to travel to
Europe travel to Miami come back to Asia
and it's been a lot of flights just
going across the globe
[Music]
and I think it makes more sense for us
to be because we just love it we just
want to explore more of Southeast Asia
travel more explore different countries
put a focus on Southeast Asia and every
time that we that we travel to Southeast
Asia we want to discover new
destinations new countries new island
those will actually give us the
opportunity to spend a week in the
Philippines a week in Malaysia maybe go
up to Thailand come back to Bali edit
the footage we can just create much more
content a much more diverse content with
you guys to view on this channel so this
is not going to be Southeast Asia only
and we just said we want to put a focus
for 2019 on Southeast Asia but we're
also traveling somewhere else
I guess so let's stay tuned for that
wherever the wind takes us baby wherever
the wind takes us so what you guys don't
know is that we've been actually in
Southeast Asia for already at 3 or 4
weeks right and we've traveled through
the Philippines at that time we've been
to Boracay which you guys have seen
really but what you haven't seen is we
spend two full weeks in Manila creating
some stunning
content there's a video coming up where
I actually learn how to prepare
Letran in a very popular Letran
restaurant that videos going to be
coming very soon Mike became a legend
arrow we created a lot of content around
food around neighborhoods in Manila some
really beautiful stuff that is all going
to be published over the next 24 days up
until Christmas all this content is
going to be published over the next few
days we're going to mix it up with
topical videos vlogs it's going to be
really nice for us to finally pull up
that content for you guys I know many of
you that have followed us over on
Instagram that we've been communicating
with sending messages back with some
fluids have seen that we were in Manila
but you were a little bit confused like
because there weren't any videos on
YouTube or was just as in Manila on
Instagram and then we were in Boracay so
it's all kind of a mix up so throughout
the next month we're going to be
publishing all that content and then
we're going to go on to the next level
which will be a point where we really
need your help planning our next trip to
the Philippines so
January we're going to be joining up
with the juicy blog we're gonna lie to
them in the Philippines and travel the
philippines with them for two or three
weeks maybe yeah and we really need your
help to decide where to we're gonna
travel to in the Philippines which
island should we visit what food should
we try and understand a and I are gonna
put out an Instagram story with kind of
a voting option where you can choose for
us you can tell us where to wait to
travel to which destinations which
islands to visit so we can have a little
bit of a poll decide you know which
locations are best so for us it's very
important to know what you guys want to
see and we can create content around
that and one of the benefits us moving
to Southeast area is actually to have
more time to go deeper into certain
topics that you would like to see so the
focus for January is definitely
Philippines and let's see what's next
for February and you might also have
realized that we weren't that active on
YouTube in the past few weeks there's a
reason for that we're really working
hard to get things done so maybe just
tell them what we were up to so one of
the reasons why we weren't so active on
YouTube as Nellie said is we had a lot
of things take care of getting all the
furniture out of our apartment in Miami
as many times
me and as you can see our apartment is
cleared out it was actually an easy move
this time because we didn't have so much
stuff here in Miami like the good in
Austria but this is the place looks like
empty time to move on to a new period of
our life this is where once our bed
stood waking up to this year in the
morning ooh
the next place we moved to be the better
be damn good because kitchen emptied out
yeah this is this is what living in
Miami Beach looks like essentially take
care of getting all the furniture out of
our apartment in Miami
sorting outs that's all stuff that we
kept is going to be transported to
Southeast Asia and one of those things
was actually Nellie's brand-new electric
skateboard which so we teamed up with
Team G that's producer of an electric
skateboard they have this amazing
skateboard with brushless motors the
motor inside the wheels in the last few
weeks that we had in Miami we were just
driving everywhere with it I was skating
from Miami Beach to downtown along the
beach I was all over the show on that
skateboard and just like the range is
speed smoothness yeah so so awesome I've
actually linked the skateboard down
below because a lot of people already
asked him Instagram we're gonna buy this
[Music]
and I'm a huge skateboard snob so when
teams he reached out and said hey we're
gonna send you the skateboard to try out
I was a little bit skeptical but within
minutes of riding the skateboard I was
like oh good and I could that skateboard
on my skateboard we have shipped over
from the United States get to Bali so we
can ride it around here on the island I
might even get a motorbike with a rack
that I can hang my electric skateboard
in and take it like everywhere another
announcement to other news that you guys
might have seen already a little bit is
that both Mellie and I are on Facebook
now we have video content on Facebook we
put some unique content on Facebook we
published some of the videos that we
have on YouTube on Facebook we kind of
trying to spread out our wings so there
are more opportunities for you guys to
watch our content and to see us and
communicate with us and I know a lot of
you aren't on Instagram so Instagram is
like the easiest way to stay up to date
with us and get in contact with us
Instagram is number one I know some of
you don't have Instagram but all our
Instagram stories aren't just on
Instagram they go on Facebook as well so
I've linked our Facebook account down
below you definitely should go and
follow us on Facebook you have to follow
us on Instagram and of course if you're
not subscribed on YouTube YouTube is
like that is the thing
so we'll say oh why should I follow you
everywhere well guys we have something
for you maybe you saw a broken video and
we are going to give away a 360-degree
camera that we used in our Boracay blog
for you
Christmas as a thank you for just
supporting us and making all these
troubles possible and yeah and the way
you can win is just follow both Nelly on
Instagram and follow me on Instagram and
leave us a comment either on this video
or the 360 degree camera that you
followed us everywhere hashtag 360 net
where we know that you're participating
in the giveaway and your chance to win
the camera so you're going to have to
head over to Instagram anywhere to be
able to vote we should travel to and
both what kind of food that we need to
eat yes and let me know who is excited
for vlogmas who's excited for daily
vlogs actually from the philippines
although we're not in the philippines
right now but we created the content lee
let us know down below if you're excited
for that one of the things that we
focusing on in our villa in Bali is that
we have a nice kitchen that will help us
film our food videos I know the food
blogs in Miami was very popular it was
very a very pretty area to film movies
but it wasn't always easy because of
lack of electricity outside all that
stuff so we're going to be setting up
this nice cooking video kitchen so we
can try new cuisines and new dishes and
you guys can recommend more things that
we should cook and try and we can
actually do it so very very very very
very very very excited yeah so we're
going to choose the villa according to
how beautiful the kitchen and how
amazing it looks for YouTube videos
because that's a huge point in our life
we just love to eat
they're very excited and then again guys
if you want to see you know what's going
on what's happening with all this Villa
Search Instagram stories is where you
can see you what we're doing and what
we're checking out and you can give us
feedback if you like this or like that
you know whatever the situation is now
some of you might keep thinking the guys
why aren't you moving to the Philippines
why you moving to Bali well there's a
few reasons we were actually it's very
strongly thinking about moving to
Sharjah we like I wanted to open up a
coffee shop here's already planning and
then also we were thinking about like
somewhere in Manila because we do a lot
of content in Manila as well but the
bottom line is we decided on Bali
because it's just easier to get a big
place here in Bali it's not as expensive
we can have more opportunities to film
stuff with the food videos it's easier
to travel voice actually lets less
expensive to travel to Bali than it is
to travel to the Philippines but then
again it's easier to travel to
destination - all of a sudden East Asia
when you're located in Bali because
they're ports and temples is just very
practical I don't know why it is but it
seems to be a very central Airport also
one huge thing that we were struggling
with in the past was just meet up with
other content creators
creating content with them together like
you guys connected us with the juicy
vlog which really appreciate any happen
to be in the same place at the same time
and it worked out perfectly if you want
to do more of that we want to include
more other content creators and just
collaborate with them and I think the
best way is
in Bali and just like traveled from Bali
to different locations because a lot of
youtubers based body I know you guys
want us to connect with everybody in in
the Philippines we tried content
creators we know what we struggled to
keep up with all the messages and
comments and for them it's the same
thing there's so much to go for and then
by the time that we they see that our
message where we said their message
we might be another destination already
and it was just with the juicy blog it
worked out perfectly we were both at the
same place at the same time and you guys
connected us on here on both channels
which really made it easier for us to
connect so huge thank you actually
really big thank you because we found
out that we're just good friends now and
that's why we decided to travel together
in January and also they is going to be
daily blogs from the Philippines so
really excited another thing we would
like to ask your help is we try to find
the tourism boards of destinations in
the Philippines so if you know anybody
that works at a tourism board for you
know the Philippines or for different
islands and destinations in the
Philippines
maybe reach out to us and give us the
contact information maybe recommend our
channel further to them let's make this
next trip as amazing as we possibly can
yeah alright that was it for the update
video that was long overdue I'm sorry we
didn't do this earlier I hope we gave
you some background info on what's
happening in our lives and where the
journey is headed to we're really
excited for 2019 it's going to be an
amazing year and thank you for all the
support that you're giving us it's just
amazing the amount of messages and
comments that we receive it's just
humbling it's something like I I could
cry this is so amazing you guys are
amazing thank you thank you so much yeah
getting emotional yeah we will see you
guys in tomorrow's video which is gonna
be the best breakfast in the Philippines
it's in the Philippines the best
practice is it Those according to my
belly all right thanks guys
see you tomorrow suits me
