both guys are going to put it all on the
line they're in each other's way they
cannot both coexist
Josh Hiller he's going to finish to you
female Lopez off Shield female says he
wants to kill Josh Taylor
everything they said they would deliver
on is right in front of them
[Applause]
Josh Taylor he's on top of the world
stopper making High Life After High Life
[Applause]
this is boxing this is what you came to
see
[Applause]
[Music]
all right
a beautiful evening in New York City
Madison Square Garden the mecca of
boxing a venue very fitting for a
spectacular Junior welterweight World
title fight coming up later in our main
event let's take a look at the fights
that we're bringing to you tonight on
our broadcast we will open up the show
with Jean Carlos Rivera taking off Omar
Rosario then move it to
Hobson's return since that loss to
Shakur Stevenson against Nicolas Polanco
our co-main event tonight of course on
Puerto Rican weekend in New York City
Xander science and that big smile taking
on Ronald Cruz and then of course the
main event tonight the champion Josh
Taylor taking on the Challenger the
female Lopez
I'm done
it's going down tonight from inside the
theater at Madison Square Garden
Christina Poncho joined by my broadcast
partner tonight Jamal Harrington we've
been around these guys the past couple
of days the energy in the city
the trash talk between these two two
guys that have held a lot of Hardware in
their career have both been unified
champions in their respective weight
classes 135 and now 144. uh Josh Taylor
your thoughts on our main event tonight
before we get started into some
undercard action that's a good one
that's going to be a good one um you can
really tell that there's a lot of
animosity for starters between these two
individuals so that that's what also
makes it a great matchup because they're
not going to hold anything back within
the ring but overall there's a lot of
skill with between the both the two
individuals more importantly so it's
definitely going to be a good um it's
gonna be a good fight I wouldn't call it
a chess match because like I said again
so much animosity I feel like it's going
to be a brawl from Bell to Bell yeah I
mean these two guys have been asked all
week about the trash talk during this
promotion if it's been you know personal
it's just selling the fight and as much
as they say you know we we know it is
not personal you he says things about me
and I
in between these two and they will get
to settle that tonight in just a few
hours from now in our main event that
fight scheduled for 12 rounds in the WBO
world to wait World title fight but
before we get to that fight we are going
to bring you some bonus coverage of a
couple heavyweights in the ring now
we'll join that fight in progress quick
look here at the tale of the Tate Jamel
for these two heavyweights tell the take
my man kaniba is back is back
um Let me let me just look at here let's
look at here let's look at here I mean
the Reeds the reach is definitely are
definitely the big depicting that stands
out for me so far he's been using he's
been using it well well equippedly in
the in the four rounds leading up to
this round so far
86 inch reach is one of the longest
reaches of all
active fighters in boxing right now for
heavyweights and of course in that kind
of super heavyweight class if you will
standing at six foot eight inches tall
you can see right away now with the two
principles in the ring as we enter round
five uh the size difference between
canaiba and olgin
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
through the first four rounds of this
fight as we join this scheduled eight
rounder in round five and he's had an
upper hand but you would like to see
more because you and I both know how
stack the division is and let's be
honest uh a fire like oh Dean doesn't
need to be in there you know honestly
this long there's not enough against him
but also but but
if you want to make an impact in his
division again you guys you gotta you
gotta just lay something big on your
opponents especially when you got guys
you gotta make a statement oh Dean's
last three fights were two losses and a
drought in his last fight being a loss
to autobahling back in January of this
same year you recently saw Damien kaniba
on the Shakur Stevenson Yoshino
undercard over across the water in
Newark not that long ago undefeated
polish heavyweight 11-0 with seven KO
signed a top ring
foreign
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
bit of blood now coming from the nosable
beam
kitchen but like you mentioned there's
some of them he's rolling off but he
took he took a couple of them squared on
the chin
[Applause]
time
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
try to listen in here to the corner okay
he's okay
two more rounds
all right yo he's ready to go he's in
that position
he's ready to go right now something
with the dab sharp jab hard dab right
hand to the body you work up and down
with the body but be smart all right you
can get him out of here he's ready to go
all right get some more orders
foreign
I don't need just five seconds in a
while I need the whole round if you
ain't showing me all 15 you're showing
me
get to work so you're worth the head
trainer of element olgin telling him you
need to show me something this round and
not just for a minute for the whole
round so possibly looking
[Applause]
yep exactly Corner stoppage if they
don't like what they see from their
fighter here coming out in this next
round round six you see the condition
everyone's already looking at him so and
uh Murdoch the third man in the ring
tonight as well has a good
opponent
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
is telling
[Applause]
him
controlling the distance with that
left-handed jab out of the Orthodox
stance got a little bouncing instead now
[Music]
[Applause]
wanting him to kind of let his hands go
and throw some punches to show him
something pulling out various numbers of
punches from the first round
come on
touch the body by okay with a reflex
[Applause]
putting
amoeba and back-to-back shows here on
the East Coast I mentioned his last show
in Newark the last part he was on a
Newark back in April now June here in
New York I mean they're trying to build
up that polish sure base here on the
East Coast but he's got it give the fans
a little something excited to come out
yeah
[Applause]
hey we know he's a good fighter you know
no we know he got some attack he's
leaving he just needs to bring it out a
little bit more see right there he gives
it away and he gives his opponent a
chance to tie up and grab him
his last fight ended in an eighth round
stoppage he had a second round knockout
in December and then it went the
distance in the fight right before that
so
one knockout in his last well I guess
technically two because this stuff was
at the end of the eighth round in his
last fight that he would stop but he
stopped his opponent Curtis Harper but
he's been sparring much better guys than
he's even faced in the ring position
[Applause]
hey everybody
[Music]
breathe
deep breath three three
nice
now okay what you do just dress it
around you can touch them touch them
trust your defense all right you tested
you're going to come forward right you
touch our right hand come back with the
right elbow cut right and left hook
right and keep touching them anytime you
come through you just touch him he's
gonna be open for a fight all right
that's how you rest
all right take your time
[Music]
all right
defense is everything nice clearance
construction there in the kaniba corner
Sean George you know what he said at the
end defense is everything
[Applause]
defense is everything
put it out there you gotta use it
the same time though he needs to start
sitting down his punches
[Applause]
sit on that right hand a little bit more
because if you watching he's walking
directly to him so you can just set him
out the jab and just and just line them
with the job and throw that right hand
right behind it if he wants
my body shot lands with the left hand
for a game
[Applause]
there you go
[Music]
down to the body so funny but again down
to the body on the top with the lead
left hand I was gonna mention I don't
know if you if you all who are on tuning
in you can hear the extra power behind
us
but they're telling me running
instructions you know they they let them
know listen if your man's not doing
anything it's time for you to work don't
just sit there and look at them you know
go to work yourself
I get it he looks a little tired in
there but again I'm pretty sure that was
just as tired as well because his output
in his drop significantly as well up
another conversating so yeah they're
tired
[Music]
[Applause]
of urgent have to drop her arm for two
to the body in which in his case has him
being in the South Pole stairs now
that'll be your left hand to the left
right hand to the bottom
so the body then back upstairs for
kaniba and he uses his weight to push
him back here against the ropes
free work
free hands of free man work man work
a combination there
and he gives it away he gives it back
[Applause]
smothering his shots yeah absolutely
clearly
[Applause]
oh another big right hand gets in from
[Applause]
shot because he was throwing those while
Hooch he was looking the whole time
looking directly at the ground so he
couldn't see what was coming back at him
when he got caught
[Applause]
oh
[Applause]
I'm filling in nicely here at the
theater at Madison Square Garden
right I want you to be shocked stay
behind your defense right I want you to
be a sniper right now makes me wonder
though if we needed a fight in the big
room
excuse me I'm pretty sure Josh Taylor
and all of Scotland but it still came
the theater sold out
every seat tonight will be filled and
that was kind of a point um that they
vote those two principles agreed on in
our main event both Josh Taylor and tia
female Lopez felt like this fight should
be in the big room
respectively in each of their last two
performances
[Music]
but nonetheless when you have uh two
[Applause]
excellent Fighters and Josh Taylor has
two guys that have collected a lot of
Hardware in the career Josh Taylor being
Undisputed at 140 pounds Lopez
unified out 135.
exactly this was a big fight to make
when giovina Lopez was moving up to 140
pounds he wanted to fight for all those
beers a little less Hardware now for
Josh Taylor being that he didn't either
strapped or vacated some of those belts
tonight only the WBO and of course
magazine that actually matters
Millennial championships
better late than never but there's been
a lot to talk about with those guys in
our main event and we'll keep you
up to speed on all things Taylor and Teo
as we get closer to our main event but
for right now it's a bonus coverage
before we get into our four fight
broadcast
[Music]
[Applause]
two minutes left in this heavyweight
contest scheduled
eight rounds
he's definitely trying he's actually
he's actually the one trying to push the
fight right now but just that he just
gets a little sloppy when he was pushing
when he's trying to push forward and he
opens up too much
[Music]
whatever
[Applause]
[Music]
again a minute a second ago
um
Holdings Corners tell him to run it but
again like it's hard to run it when
you've been taking shots all night
especially down to the body just like
that yeah
[Applause]
39 years old against the 27 year old and
Eva just under a minute left to go here
in the fight
[Applause]
trying those pushes
[Applause]
yeah
Mama's opening kind of breathing a
little heavy and after that break still
you know filter let his hands go so you
can tell you he's definitely fatigue
all right
[Applause]
again
[Applause]
we have seen you know through about
Midway
at the Midway point of the fight I think
kaniba he wants to fight some of these
better heavy ladies we're gonna have to
work on this conditioning
because there was a lot of holding a lot
of
you know open mouth breathing and you
could tell that uh both of these guys
were looking about the clock as we got
closer together yeah I know what you
said too um about the conditioning yeah
some might think oh it's heavyweights no
today's heavyweights now nowadays they
have nutritionists they they work with
Fitness code training and things that
ninja so a lot of these heavyweights can
go with the distance without an issue so
that so that right there handicapped too
if he's not if he's not in the mix of
you know taking care of his body not
only within training camp but outside of
Campus as well and this is just the
eight round fight yeah right it was
about halfway through even when when we
joined on The Telecast here with you
guys that were like oh this is like a
little bit tired there were signs that
they were all leaning on each other on
the ropes and the referee is like keep
working what's going on yeah let your
hands go
so the judges will tally up the score
cards we'll get the official decision
and then we'll move on to Omar Rosario
taking on giancarlos Rivera two Puerto
Rican Fighters with a combined record of
18-1
you knew this card is going to feature
some Puerto Ricans on this weekend here
in New York City top rank has put on a
card on this weekend for the past almost
20 years
many of them headlined early on back in
the 2000s by Miguel Cotto
and ever since honestly I think the
promoter has been looking for the next
guy to help kind of carry that Forge for
Puerto Rico even the island oh yeah
themselves have been looking for who
that next was that nice [ __ ] of
Tennessee B Xander zayas who's coming up
later on tonight though ladies and
gentlemen eight rounds here inside the
theater at Madison Square Garden we go
to the judges scorecards for the
official decision
Alan Nace and Robin Taylor all scored
about 79-73
all in favor of your winner by unanimous
decision
Damien the Polish
[Music]
so all three judges giving seven of the
eight rounds to Damien kaniba who
remains undefeated improving his
professional record now to 12-0 with
seven Kos
[Applause]
yeah the win's a win but again there's
this if you want to be if you want to be
great in this division or let alone
become a champion there's a lot of
things we can use to work on but overall
he got the win so that's really all that
match now hopefully he looks at this
tape goes back to the drum board and
does what he needs to do
some of the early work where you can see
that
Geneva got off to a really good start
against olgin Landing shots to the body
then back upstairs and he has a good
right and he has a good right hand he
just needs to to give it more leverage
stop smothering himself as you see right
there like again boom the right hand any
any and he lines up perfectly when he
puts good leverage on it as you see
right there but then at times it'll fall
in just like that it'll get and then to
stop his own momentum
every time
nice sneaky uppercut too he has to do
he's a little girl yeah and the body
shots aren't bad either just that he has
to give himself some space and just
believe
so the winner tonight gets some more
rounds in the bank in his second fight
under the top ranked promotional
umbrella
and I'm sure we'll see him in Action a
couple more times
before the year is over they like to
keep their guys busy
let's talk a little bit more Jamel about
our main event tonight
the WBO and Millennial Junior
welterweight world championship between
Josh Taylor and tia female Lopez coming
up in a few hours here
uh The Tartan tornado Josh Taylor
undefeated at 19-0 South off TP mode
telling us in the fighter meetings you
know I I like to fight softballs in fact
I saw four of them it is 19 professional
fights what is it about Josh Taylor that
makes him so special you know Josh
Taylor I never know I've known Josh for
over 10 years we actually photoshopped
in the amateurs and he became good great
friends since then and I remember him
you know making the Olympic team but he
wasn't never the guy chosen to go all
the way so
I give Josh a lot of credit and respect
because he's come a long way from the
Olympics back in 2012 to now because he
actually had to earn everything he's
gotten the hard way from joining the
joining the ton of tournaments that you
know to capture most of his titles to
you know to facing in my mind my good
friend and teammate Jose Ramirez is here
tonight and now and now he's here
fighting Tio Primo Lopez and for for the
Takeover teofimo Lopez 18-1 13 Kos I
mean when this guy bursts on the scene
everybody was like wow yeah right you
have something special here he checks
every box uh
those questions and that those feelings
have you know wavered a little bit in
recent contests I mean after beating
basilido machenko and coming to that
fight at the underdog since that since
that point that loss to camboses comes
back moves up to 140.
not that same confidence what does he
need to do to get the job done tonight
and bring that back bring that feeling
that we all had back well we can't talk
about it now because it's kind of what
I'm gonna say it's kind of too late but
I think for him to bring that back he
has to get rid of a lot of those
distractions outside of the Ring we
already know he's naturally talented he
has what it takes you know he's he's a
phenomenal athlete he just has that he's
gonna have to put in that Dawn back in
in whatever is in his mind that that's
blocking him from being great he needs
to move there to put that to the side
put it tonight with a guy against Josh
Taylor and go back to being the Teo
people Lopez of old
all right well a lot of questions will
be answered in due time just a few hours
from now let's take a look at our
principles coming up in our next fight
Omar Rosario taking on Jean Carlos over
here's some highlights of New Era
Rosario 10-03 Kale's just 25 years old
such a baby face though we sit there and
talk to him
show us your driver's license now you're
really 25. years old but uh a multiple
time gold medalist Puerto Rican National
Champion as we take a look at some
footage from the weigh-ins yesterday
there's
Carlos
Philadelphia Pennsylvania
this is gonna be a good little scrap
right here in my opinion
[Music]
Omar Rosario
only did everybody stands out they both
did it well they both stated at 5 10.
but all I didn't really stands out is
the slight reach Advantage going to John
close Rivera's favor
should be a great one though
here's mark making the official
introduction
introducing first out of the blue Corner
presented in association with
hard-hitting promotions he weighed in at
138.4 pounds wearing black trunks with
pink trim his record eight victories
with only one defeat six of those
victories coming by way of knockout from
Vieques Puerto Rico Jan Carlos
Rihanna
[Music]
[Applause]
introducing out of the Red Corner he
weighed in at
139.2 pounds wearing black trunks with
red trim his record Perfect 10 fights 10
victories three of those victories
coming by way of knockout from Caguas
Puerto Rico
Omar the new era Rosa
[Applause]
[Applause]
foreign
Sean Clark the third man in the ring
Tonight Christina poncher and Jamal
Herring here with you on the call thank
you for joining us
Battle of it to a Puerto Rican Fighters
this one's scheduled for eight rounds in
fact the first eight rounder
for both of these fighters in their
young careers the 10th professional
fight for Rivera the 11th for Rosario
Rivera in the black trunks with pink
trim Rosario in the black trunks with
red dress and right away you see the
stances there Nevada is a southpaw
[Music]
[Applause]
despite the one loss on his record so I
want to see I want to see how he does
against the um a top quality fighter in
lasagna shot to start from Rivera Rivera
is training uh underneath the tutelage
of Bodhi excuse me bossy Ennis he
sparred a lot of rounds with Boost and
is in fact calling him his big brother
in boxing he's learned from all those
guys uh they're in Philly so uh he's
been getting some good work to prepare
for what he believes is a very tough
task though in Rosario
[Applause]
and Rivera so far he's been shooting a
lot of heavy heavy artillery down to the
body
just a few moments ago though
right right
back right back right back these spiders
source of Pride Fighting on a weekend
like this Puerto Rican parade weekend
I understand the magnitude of the
exposure and support that they get on
shows like this
incredit the top right but also making
our own competitive matchup
the two Puerto Rican fighters on their
weekend absolutely
[Applause]
that just missed Rosario
but I like it I like how I like football
so far from Rivera everything starts
from the jab because it is
[Applause]
turn on
[Applause]
I don't think anybody wants to take a
loss on this weekend of all weekend
that's for sure
[Applause]
body shot gets in for Rosario
the problem is
that too he'll kind of fall over his his
lead foot and he'll lose all momentum
and then you'll see Rosario leaving the
slip or count encounter at times
what
action here in round one scheduled eight
rounder so yeah every time
[Applause]
[Music]
and there's a look at the champ
Josh Taylor arriving
here at Madison Square Garden just
moments ago getting ready for
he's scheduled a 12-round world
championship title defense against
tiafimo Lopez his wife looking beautiful
and a nice gift there some custom
sneakers for The Tartan tornado love
that
I got my sneakers on tonight as well
it's New York I love it
yeah
[Applause]
during the weight cut day everything I
mean I truly do believe him when he says
that he's back to feeling like how he
did before Jose Ramirez fight and I do I
truly do have confidence in the fact
that he said that his preparation has
been you know second to none in his
career for this fight oh I believe
because you clearly tell just from like
he's getting his own his demeanor
yesterday during the week you know
before the Wayne after the weigh-in and
Marvin said the whole week he's been
here you know he just had been a you
know a good a good sport about things
over
and again
you can hear Rivera's Corner saying get
your feet right get your feet right
directions uh
joseanis in the Rivera corner
[Applause]
his son John and is one of the
very talented fighter that 147 pounds
just on the cusp there looking for a
really big fight and a world title
puppet
crossword clue not so quick not so fast
he's ready tomorrow for that opportunity
and they're kind of a lot of people that
that would back boots up on that but I'm
sure but I'm sure yooses
I'm pretty sure he went to also see that
fight out as well
wait my shot but I want to see this
first
attention
[Applause]
nice uppercut gets in and the counter
left hook
[Applause]
s
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Corner saying right back but like again
like that body shot you pointing it out
it takes a while before you can jump
right back into it like that
but I like how Rosario you know he sees
in the moment and jumping right on or
not not giving Rivera a chance to rest
and Rosario games
you know he said that he's a good
fighter he has good techniques he's got
a good hook I feel great I I'm very
familiar with him
and he know he was gonna be hungry
because he knew that it was two Puerto
Rican Fighters fighting on his weekend
and he knew that one being want to give
up their momentum to the other so he
knew he was coming in here for a dance
and Rivera actually fought Rosario's
brother as an amateur when they were
trying to win the position on the
national team so who won Rosario's
brother beat Rivera so he knows that
Rivera is trying to get some get back
tonight for Rosario's brother beating
him Gotta Get It in Blood that's right
so he said I want to get another win for
the Rosario family against Mr Rivera
[Applause]
um
stand up
there's also a psychological thing to
your opponent
[Applause]
turn right to him he comes right out
and look to land that the right hook to
the body but instead of left hand
straight left hand
s
and he's had a good camp
he just he just needs but he just needs
to um you know just relax just a bit
he's he's too he's too excited and
hectic to get to Rosario Rosario just
sitting back and waiting for him every
time
you go
left hand to the body though it's not
being thrown
often there it is you know why you know
why it's not landing hard because if you
watch carefully he's trying to focus
most of his momentum on that on that
right hook that you pointed out he'll
set the hill he'll throw Hill to the
left see he'll throw the left
hook every time
every time again I got slicked up under
return with the left body shot from
lazario there but I'm glad he's
investing to the body because again
these are these both are young
individuals with a lot of with a lot of
energy in them so if you wanna if you
want to really set Rosario for that for
that right hook you got it you gotta
take his legs away so he could be a
sitting Target so you can land it right
on the chin
right now at times Rosario should be
first he's doing great countering but at
times he waits for Rivera to um to start
to start the offensive person before he
used to throw something back
[Applause]
[Music]
man
[Applause]
[Applause]
I think out the way those punches
[Applause]
[Applause]
all right
foreign
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
and another Puerto Rican fighter on the
car tonight in our co-main event
20 year old Xander Saya says he's
getting his hands rap will be defending
his nabf and nabo Junior middleweight
World titles as Mike basil gets the tape
set up on that left hand of Xander sayas
and uh
he's definitely a prospect to watch in
in my opinion would you agree Jamal oh
yeah definitely um I could say I can say
it right now depending on how this night
goes he'd definitely be going into from
Prospect though to Nintendo potentially
top Contender the way he performs and
he's been getting better every fight I
know he had that whole setback with
everything when it was helping
everything but it's great to see him
back and um he feels like he's more
mature that he's he's being considered
more of an adult now with the decisions
in the in and out the gym and he's
supposed to be a better person overall
he said you know signed at 17 years old
the youngest fighter ever to be signed
to top rank a title previously held by
Gabriel Flores Jr and since then I mean
three years 15-0 10 Knockouts very
comfortable at 154 pounds of 81.52 for
this junior middleweight fight but I'm
excited to see him back in the ring
tonight he is matched against Ronald
Cruz's extremely durable who has a great
personality and who has had his own
science on the mind since December and
this fight has was originally planned
you know for a few months ago before
Vanessa has suffered an injury I like
the I like the fact that um
I can't take him lightly because I know
I know what he's here for I know he's
coming here to win and he
this guy
but a sharp punches coming at the hands
of Rosario here to start round four yeah
he's just staying cool cop a collective
in there
and a mouthpiece comes out
[Applause]
and if you hear it if you can hear him
Robert's calling him to say uppercut
because at times
um during that whole little skirt come
on but Rosario is leaning into the chest
of Rivera so that they had an evening
set him off for the replica
get to work on the mouthpiece quickly of
Rivera
[Applause]
every time
[Applause]
yeah definitely gotta back down our
nappies though
[Applause]
at the time
in the rain
[Applause]
again
[Applause]
I like how Rosario he's smart right he
knows he knows Rivera is always going to
overextend so what does Rosario do he'll
take that half step back and then he'll
come back with a shot of his own
shots
[Applause]
[Applause]
good body shot a little sneaky passion
Rosario
[Applause]
yeah he's blocking he's catching those
shots now because it's the same paper
it's the same thing from Rivera it's the
one too but it's the one two up top
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
thank you
[Music]
I guess again
yeah give me too much space to work he
can't [ __ ] with you here
stop jumping out what we work in the gym
them angles different angles
off the angles man
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
this is the second half of the fight
round five scheduled for eight where's
the camera from Rosario now he's
catching on with it every time every
time he got caught there but on the
first couple of seconds in the round
every time Rivero will go down he will
come back he will counter remember right
uppercut
first two sets of combinations that he's
thrown
okay
ain't like that keep working for better
keep working
to me it's pretty it's a pretty even
matchup they both have their moments
Rosario
[Applause]
good job
[Applause]
from Rivera
[Applause]
you wanted him to do more
[Applause]
[Applause]
or something
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah
body shot scores
for Rivera
right back and now look where he's at on
the ropes
okay
he doesn't need to fall in either though
absolutely
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
hard ground to score there
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
suck it out
[Applause]
looking for him to sit down a little
more
they want him to bring some of that
power from his base it's like we said by
the last round he comes out strong he's
got to keep it up but not keep up that
pace but keep controlled around
[Applause]
they both had their moments
[Applause]
short shots
[Applause]
and just catching them because he's
basically he basically knows where
Rivera is going for he starts with the
body
he basically goes into a shoulder roll
to protect his body now and he'll shoot
up
actress and boxing Aficionado Rosie
Perez has made her way ringside you know
she wasn't going to miss the battle of
the Puerto Ricans or to be present to
witness the sweet science on a weekend
that celebrates Puerto Rican Heritage
here in New York City
[Applause]
and
she is here early
[Applause]
she's just a sweet person said hello to
us apart when she got here and always
appreciate her presence and her support
he left so much
yeah it's having another good round here
good start to the round
push
and then
able to get himself some space and land
some shots
good hook there deep breath there from
Rosario
Rosario he needs to show us all why he's
considered the new era
I'm still kind of making that transition
from his amateur to Pro Style 10 Pro
fights but such a talented amateur gold
medalist and numerous National
Championship tournaments in Puerto Rico
2017 gold medal of 18 2020 2020 future
Champions tournament gold medalist
yeah yeah because I mean with that being
said I'll add on to that when you see a
lot of guys who
have so many fights in the amateur in an
amateur face system it takes them a
little bit longer the transition like
you mentioned today today Pro Style
[Applause]
yeah he had an amateur record of 175 and
35. so we're talking over 200 amateur
guys
[Applause]
they're right here from Rosario though
[Applause]
Fighters getting ready here for around
seven the first time as professionals
another change
come on up deep breath what
yeah put that [ __ ] together man you
gotta put that [ __ ] together he told me
you got to stop me I don't know what
he's talking about this girl's fights
you got to keep pushing me back man put
that [ __ ] together man I'm telling you
man can't let this [ __ ] get away any any
time any time
you know what I mean yeah sit down man
I will say he's not lying to him he's
telling what he needs to know but he
needs to hear
let me get away from you every time you
just just stop stop you know stop doing
anything
[Applause]
Rosario you picked it up before but now
he's like you get lazy in there so
he's got back up to the ropes
but it also goes up to what you pointed
out three rounds ago when you said that
um Rivera he always talks about the
beginning grade for dinner over time
Rosario comes comes back to pick him off
so it's very hard it's very hard to
score these rounds
everybody and then depending on where
you're sitting yeah as a judge I mean
Rivera is doing a lot of work on the
inside but like a lot of those shots
right now we're blocked by it was the
judge but the judge across from us he's
probably thinking you know that shot
Atlanta just from hearing that little
impact so yeah it's definitely hard to
score some of these rounds if you're if
you're an official
I break my break I break my break
[Applause]
before
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
and they're both young Fighters so we
got we got together consideration as
well but yeah definitely a lot of um
clinching one of the things that Rosario
told us when we talked to him
to prepare and I know I can take my time
and be a little bit more patient but
despite clothes
[Applause]
definitely he's definitely out to win
[Applause]
Massachusetts
oh nice combination from Rosario
um
[Applause]
I'm sure it was enough in that round for
Rosario to take it
Hallelujah
Roxanna versus Nicholas Polanco is
coming up next up
130 pounds for 10 rounds and then our
homemade event
Josh Taylor Lopez
[Applause]
rounds
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
nobody's been knocked down nobody's been
hurt back and forth action a lot of the
rounds started strong for a Rivera
finish Strong by Rosario
bodywork's been consistent from Rivera
Rosario has been more
economical with his punches
but likely have the higher connect
percentage although we don't have the
benefit of coffee box numbers officially
for this fight I wish we did because I
would love to see the outfit of Rivera
because he's been thrown
and just like you said it was already
more you know effective well that what
I'm gonna say remember he's just like
again he's just been later you know he
doesn't waste punches
[Applause]
Rosario
but this is where this is where they
don't want to remember on the boat so
yeah I know it off the ropes
[Applause]
the best and we're halfway through the
ground
[Applause]
Rivera takes a quick look at the clock
[Applause]
here again from Rivera
[Applause]
[Applause]
I know one thing that the both of them
they're going to learn a lot they take a
lot in this life right yeah and you said
I mean you were giving kudos to the
matchmakers before the fight even got
started he said testing both of these
guys
in their 10th and 11th professional
fight respectively
matchup
[Applause]
20 seconds left in the fight
right right click step back step back
that's fatigue that's fatigue
they go exchanging punches until the
final battle
Puerto Rico versus Puerto Rico
and they picked up every little house
that they had left yes they let it go in
those last 10 seconds and this one's
gonna go to the scorecards which will be
very interesting yeah
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
good thing about an eight round
we should get too loud I don't know
petite in fact is now set for two more
rounds but I would love to see when they
when they get there I would love to see
it again though you're just like why
couldn't we see that a little bit more
yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
and I'm sure for Omar Rosario when we
talked to him you know he talked about
how much fighting on this weekend and
everything meant to him and the
pressures of uh you know and what it
means being inspired by Miguel Cotto his
whole career and uh
being from the same city Miguel Cotto is
from but tonight it was in a tough fight
Rivera bought it
[Applause]
and both now playing to the crowd and
giving respect to one another
love to see you and I love the point
though that you made earlier to males no
matter what winner lose these guys would
be better after this fight because of
the eight rounds that they just went
through with each other and that
probably did so far as a date probably
the the toughest fight mutually
[Applause]
and and something for Rosario
[Applause]
[Music]
you only went one round in his last
fight he won my first round knockout oh
last time he got rounds in which was six
rounds was in November of 2022. so
getting those rounds in like you said
it's important
he's ready with the decision let's go to
marching up
ladies and gentlemen after eight rounds
here inside the theater at Madison
Square Garden we go to the judges
scorecards for the official decision
Mark Constantino Robert Perez and
dontrella all scored about
77-75 for your winner by unanimous
decision
Omar the new Rosario
[Music]
[Applause]
tonight still undefeated Omar Rosario
77-75 on all three judges scorecards and
some of those rounds were really close
and it was reflected there in those four
cards yeah it was actually one short of
a round for being a drawer if you look
at it too so it was definitely it was
definitely even matching a great matchup
overall yes it was
definitely sucks if he had a winner we
had a loser but again I feel like they
both learned a lot and they both will do
great in their career in their
respective careers in the future yeah
Rivera physically upset as he exits the
ring thinking he might have pulled that
one off if it I mean it was close fight
hard to disagree as you see a lot of
these exchanges
kind of what do you like if you will do
you like these feet pushing the pace and
the amount of punches thrown by
Rivera or we like to clean you know a
clean shots you know tactical approach
from Rosario
and the way Rosario finished yeah the
way you finish the rounds you know I I
call fights also with Chris Algerian one
of the things that he taught me that he
says is you know sometimes if a judge is
on the fence about a round that Lasting
Impressions around may help
a lot of these judges they only remember
the second half of that round for the
most part they don't remember starting
to remember that first minute of the
round they always they always look at
how that round was finished and how it
was closed which is where Rivera was
best in the beginning of those uh rounds
here and Rosario's the finisher in
addition to this being Puerto Rican Day
weekend here in New York City it is also
Hall of Fame induction ceremony weekend
and there is Timothy Bradley who is now
a 2023 International Boxing Hall of Fame
inductee I couldn't be more proud of my
colleague and more importantly my friend
you see him there with his kids his wife
Monica uh getting his fist casted in the
Hall of Fame and tomorrow he will be
officially inducted and there's Carl
frotch going in as well one of the 2023
inductees also uh Brad Jacobs an
executive with top rank Brad Goodman
Matchmaker with top break at Juan Manuel
uh Marquez I mean there's just been a
[Music]
very excited for for all of them
tomorrow as we move forward to more
boxing action now here is a Nicholas
Polanco making his way to the ring
here's a look at the weigh-ins from
yesterday
[Music]
and there is
the principals who will be in the ring
here for our next fight as we take a
quick look at the tale of the tape tell
the tape Polanco versus conceal nothing
really stands out except for the fact
that maybe a slight a slight reach
events for polacker but other than that
is an even matchup between both
individuals going into the ring tonight
making his way to the ring coming in
off a tough loss to Shakur Stevenson
back in September of 2022 that a world
title opportunity for Ponce saw and uh
you know there was obviously some
controversy the day before that fight
on the scale which of course Stevenson
missed the weight and wasn't able to
defend his titles that night because
they saw him taking the fight regardless
still wanting that opportunity to win a
world title albeit coming out on the
losing it and I gotta score that night
I'm at school
and
you know he stepped up to the plate
regardless because he won the B champion
and you know he did all he can but of
course Stevenson was just it's just a
phenomenal athlete and just in a
different class only two losses on Kon
say Sal's record is to Schwarz Stevenson
and Oscar Valdez and that fight in and
of itself you you'd be here's a lot of
people who believe he came out on the
winning end of that fight and the
Challenger tonight in our main event the
Takeover tiafimo Lopez arriving now at
Madison Square Garden
oh man what's up Maddie
got a lot of energy tonight
the theater here at Madison Square
Garden this is boxing this is top rank
presented by Hall of Fame all right
brought to you this evening by Boost
Mobile money is Power by AutoZone get in
the Zone by Bud Light the official beer
of celebrations and by dropkicking
Sportsbook download the app today this
bout is scheduled for 10 rounds in the
junior lightweight division our judges
at ringside Tom carisone Glenn Feldman
and Ron McNair and the Man In Charge at
the sound of the Bell Mr Eddie Claudio
introducing first out of the blue corner
he weighed in at 130 pounds wearing
white trunks his record 20 victories
four defeats one draw 11 of those
victories coming by way of knockout from
Santo Domingo Dominican Republic Nicolas
introducing out of the Red Corner he
weighed in at
130.6 pounds wearing black trunks with
gold trim his record 17 victories two
defeats eight of those victories coming
by way of knockout he is a 2016 Olympic
gold medalist he is a two-time world
title Challenger from Salvador here
[Applause]
sound
[Applause]
salted
[Applause]
Brazil versus the Dominican Republic
yeah should be a good one oh you see the
high socks
uh
exactly right at 130 pounds yeah does it
look like the smaller man in there
against the
people extremely fit Kon says
muscles not muscles
[Applause]
you know he truly believes that he's on
a different level and we spoke about
just the only two losses that he's had
in his career to Oscar Valdez in a
controversial uh loss and then uh the
loss to support Stevenson but I think
that he more than anything wants to get
back to fighting that Elite level of
competition and if that's the case then
he needs to make a statement against a
guy like okay but at 24-1 at 34 years
old he just believes that he's on a
different level than his opponent is so
far
[Applause]
because
you know if you look everything he
throws everything with the same speed
yes it has intensity and some power
behind it but everyone's the same speed
when you get a guy in there like Shakur
Stevenson who who knows how to read
timing and speed it makes it it makes it
very it makes it difficult for Conte to
get his offense
[Applause]
adjusted his own neck after that left
hand's been getting busy Thor couldn't
say so early and often first two minutes
of round one
[Applause]
good job good job
[Applause]
see now see now he slows it down a bit
and that and that's what Falafel means
is getting busy
you got to stop that offense though
Blanco hasn't been able to start any
sort of offense yeah because it's been a
dominant first round for Hopson South
Olympians
[Applause]
[Applause]
won the gold medal in 2016.
thank you
and it did take him a little bit longer
to you know transition and to adjust
foreign
spirit is
available okay
okay
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
round two
schedule ten rounder at 130 pounds
Christina Punker and Jamal Harry here
with you on the call from the theater at
Madison Square Garden is sold out
theater tonight
those fans filing in not only for our
main event but of course
the young Puerto Rican
up-and-coming star Xander science and
our co-main event that's coming up next
there's some offense foreign
[Music]
continues to work heavy with that lead
left hand
nice move
[Applause]
hear the pop on these punches
[Applause]
[Applause]
I love everyone
[Applause]
he's going to let his hands go for sure
[Applause]
[Applause]
who is
looking to
establish some sort of Rhythm it's just
been
when he can try to let his hands go and
get some shots in but because they saw
pretty much from the opening bell is
yeah
allowing him to throw anything back at
it
because too much too much too much
offense he's not giving a chance he's
too busy throwing at him so he's not
giving a chance to open it up
and throw back at him
[Applause]
what I'm looking at you want to move he
wants to continue moves to his left
because if you watch conseos hit that
right hand he's slapping it down though
he's slapping it down like that and not
something that he act has been
consistent throughout his whole career
yeah he can't get rid of that so if you
want because his his name his main thing
his main thing he was is strong on the
left hook but everything again with that
right hand yeah keep going go to your
left Locker
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
it
let's see if we can continue if you
can't you know you know the outcome
the university if you can't continue you
know the outcome okay look at this look
at that one back
and the back of Hobson said but then
like a delayed reaction
and the crowd is starting to see what we
just saw on the replay but definitely
not a Poncha a clash of heads if you
will there and then a Grimace and then a
fall to the ground
and they're going to take a good look at
him they're still looking at him here in
the corner
see if he can continue let's listen in
[Applause]
um
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
one second The Time Keeper
goes
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
nobody wins
there's a no decision
and they're gonna call the fight and say
it's over
this fight is over
it's of no decision accidental
headphones
and due to the accident ahead but
they're going to stop the fight and
declare the fight a no decision
so much for vamos
[Applause]
and it's declared a no contest in that
santanata a very unfortunate situation
but he said you know my head hurts I do
have a headache you do see some swelling
I'll be at you know the left hand was
conceal was Landing quite a bit but he
has at this point this boxing is boxing
is boxing
[Applause]
[Applause]
can I get this out
yeah and I'm just listening in excuse me
for my silence but I'm just listening
into what's going on in the blue corner
and uh the fighter himself
the uh the doctor referee and and
yeah it looks like although he looks to
be in some sort of pain he was still
willing to continue they overroled that
and made the decision to
declare the fight over and not let him
go on
you can see he does look like he's in
pain
you know I can't I say again I don't
know what he's feeling so you can just
listen to what the team says on that one
but I would love for everyone out there
viewing us tonight that um let's get
sharing and give you your opinion as
well shout out your Twitter Jamel why
don't you do that right now they always
tune in so we got some time to talk
before we're getting to Xander science
who's probably not even warmed up in the
dressing room so I'm gonna be honest
with you we got quite some time to go
before we get to our next fight and
Hudson come say so coming over now to
check on Nicholas Polanco in his corner
as he is still sitting on the school
here's Mark Chinook
ladies and gentlemen here inside the
theater at Madison Square Garden due to
an accidental headbutt in the second
round our ringside positions have
stopped this bout declaring it ain't no
decision
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
and there you have it a
no contest
foreign
scheduled to fight on another card and
got delayed because of Visa issues they
rescheduled him on this part and now he
gets in around in a half if you will and
uh it is what it is this is boxing we'll
take a look at the fight I mean he was
very much off to a good start and that's
the kind of clash of heads
[Music]
look a little bit differently but if
this man is this smack his head against
his head there but at one point he said
he was good never again you never know
probably head was ringing whatever but
like again it's boxing things happen
and he did look off balance yeah
he has how grimacing since he went back
to the corner so although he wanted to
continue the doctors decided that it was
best not to send him out in that
condition nobody wins nobody loses and
uh both Fighters but nobody's happy
another opportunity but nobody's happy
including the viewers and us who you
know we love
we love to call the action yeah we do we
want to see Morgan but it's taken away
from my job well even Nicholas Polanco
himself said come on and babe you heard
it yeah he wanted to move forward he
wanted to continue
so as we look ahead in quite some time
from now our next fight will be Xander
sayas taking on Ronald Cruz Puerto Rico
versus I guess you could say the U.S
since he was born in the U.S is Ronald
Cruz Sanders is 20 years old 15-0 with
10 Knockouts ranked in the top 10 in the
WBA and a WBO in fact number five in the
WBO
but before we get to our co-main and get
working on getting you guys ready for
that we're gonna take a closer look at
our main event tonight the WBO Junior
welterweight world championship fight
between the champ Josh Taylor and
tiafimo Lopez here is some of the
feature that has been making some noise
uh during this promotion for the main
event here's Trash Talk Taylor and
tiafimo
ladies and gentlemen this is the fight
the boxing world has been waiting for
people call me a legend people call me
the greatest
you you call yourself the guest
calling himself on the speed world
champion is a fantasy
[Music]
this is a fight game what do I have to
lose okay we'll see
[Applause]
why you go out there with your Scottish
dress your PC I'm not a pizza I am the
first yeah you're burning feel the wrath
boy trust me you're gonna feel it oh man
I can't wait man I'm gonna pick this guy
up man I can't wait it's gonna be fun
foreign
[Music]
Fort Lauderdale how are you sir I'm very
well I've just stepped into rotunda ABC
gym in Liverpool
[Music]
Taylor's here you got the man there I
have the man theophima Lopez the
Takeover he's here he's ready I'm really
pumped to talk to these guys because
there's a lot of bad blood and these are
also spectacular Fighters we've seen
what you can do we've seen what they can
do in the ring let's rock and roll let's
do it
you look in great shape already Josh I'm
always in shape ready for June the 10th
Madison Square Garden can't come quick
enough mate
well let's say first of all it's great
to have the two teams here what a
phenomenal fight so let me let me just
start it off and then I'm gonna ask Tio
a question so as much as there are
differences between you guys there are a
lot of similarities when you look at
your record 18 and 1 13 Knockouts he's
19-0 13 Knockouts that's very similar
you're both in your Prime you've both
tasted Undisputed in your mind are there
any similarities between you and Josh
Taylor no it hasn't there's only 100
jump
oh man
um no so to answer your question not
really you know I don't think there's
any similarities uh the only thing that
I think that we have in common is that
it's two Undisputed Champions going at
it you know head on June 10th so I'm
looking forward to that you know and uh
remaking history like I did against
lomachenko I'm gonna do it against Josh
Taylor calling himself Thunder spirit
world champion is a fantasy you know
it's one thing that you'll never have is
an Undisputed Champion Crown he needs to
stop calling himself up
and he must change the rules with the
WBC because that's super champion and
last time I checked so make emotions
you should have been but you won't I
shouldn't be busy he confirmed that I am
so you know it's just all about
perception I said you should have been
but you want five to five it's all good
it's all good man so Tio well let's get
your thoughts in a technical sense I
know you said Josh Taylor is going to
have a plan a when that fails that's
when you're going to take advantage
right so what is the game plan in this
fight no there's no plan a plan B no no
no the way we work is just adapting you
know all the technical parts of Taylor
you know he has the accolades you got to
respect that very true very true and
that's why I've been working hard and
busting my butt I like to go after these
challenges look all these other Fighters
out there right now they're not facing
no one like Taylor they're fighting uh
come UPS they're fighting things there
to build their records I'm someone
that's old school you know blessed
wedding tears Sugar Ray Robinson that's
really what it comes to what mistakes do
you see in Josh Taylor when you watch
him fight there's a lot there's a lot of
mistakes I mean hey all the fighters he
has faced a lot of them are just um very
easy to manipulate on and adapt to so
there's a style that he knows that he
works on that he does that has worked
for him for a long time and even if they
were to change it right now it's too
late because when you go in the ring
he's going to go right back to that that
main base
Josh and obviously you're South poor
naturally Tio is an orthodox stance
fighter do you think that will play into
the fight plan
thank you I just think that there's two
styles that we've got there's going to
be the makings of an absolute bandstoma
of a fight about fireworks I am
unfortunately I've got the bigger guns
and does everything the same still makes
the same mistakes it does when he was an
amateur very Armature still yes I give
them credit machenko
but in my opinion lomachenko's a
featherweight with one arm I'm a fully
fledged light welder weight and when he
comes up against me comes on stuck and
goes out on his back on a stretcher a
stretcher so let me let me ask you this
we're talking about similarities and and
you mentioned Southpaw Tio in your last
fight you took on a South pawn and
sandor Martin yep foreign
[Applause]
but he scores the knockdown with the
southbound right hook
both teofimo and Josh Taylor didn't
necessarily have their best performances
in their last fight Josh Taylor against
Jack hatterall Joshua knocked down but
you did get the split decision Victory
and still Undisputed
champion
Teo in your last fight you were
technically knocked down you got the
split decision Victory now there was a
mic moment after the fight and a camera
was on you and we heard you say do I
still got it
do I still got it
[Music]
so what did you mean when you said do I
still got it well yeah you know I'm I'm
someone that's media trained you know
there's RED cameras when you see it
right the red light and stuff I know
everybody's just watching me so there's
always more to talk about it got boring
to the point where you know after I beat
lomachenko everyone is just like uh you
know no one wanted to face me you know
so I gotta spice it up a little bit you
know yeah so do I still got it yeah you
know so it's all about just on June 7th
man I'm really focused on the fight
we've been calling Josh Taylor for some
time that's who I am I go after the guys
that are supposed to be the Kingpin or
the best at the division and Josh Taylor
is that guy so you know he beat Jack
catarone no matter what his hand was
raised not caterol so he's still
undefeated and in my eyes he's still the
Undisputed guy at 140. that's why he
carries a Ring magazine he didn't lose
those belts he just relinquished them
something I should have done at 35 but
you know everybody changes everybody
learns from their mistakes and you just
grow from them it's experience let me
let me ask Josh a question real quick
Josh we know you've had a great career
at 140 pounds you had the spectacular
win against Ramirez and I know after
that fight when you're preparing for
catarall you did struggle a little bit
to make weight you did finally make the
way but I know you've talked about
eventually even moving up to 147. this
fight on June 10th is at 140. so how are
you doing in terms of the weight cut for
this fight I'm great I'm well ahead of
the schedule
listen after after that fight in uh
Vegas I went out I went out enjoyed life
celebrated when creating history someone
that no one's ever done in the UK the
fifth fighter ever only become the
Undisputed world champion in history in
the four Bill era I went out I want to
enjoy that a little did that a little
bit too much got back into Camp took
Carter lightly took my foot off the gas
a bit of complacency crepton we're all
human that's the mistakes that I made
and that's the the price I ended up
paying for it was ended up looking
terrible on the scales and putting a bad
performance when you're living you learn
don't you so I'm gonna be making these
mistakes again I've did that once in my
whole career in my whole 15-year career
and I'll never be doing that again we
know what happened in the Casual fight
Josh you've now changed trainers no
longer with Ben Davidson you're now with
Joe McNally who we see sitting next to
you Josh why did you decide to make a
change at trainer
because I needed to change the trainer
wasn't the right for me it wasn't right
for me it wasn't working for me I need
to do what I'll do it for for myself and
do what I do best the thing is is not
the train is fault it's yours
so true it's not the trainer's fault you
go and switch another train and then you
have to adapt you're going to still
fight the same that you've probably
fought with cattle doesn't change
doesn't change that shows weakness
that's how I see it whether he's your
new trainer or not it's just the facts
Mateo let me ask you you must have seen
some clips or criticism of Josh Taylor's
last fight and he hasn't been out for a
year do you think that makes a
difference doesn't matter you know I
mean it really doesn't matter what makes
a difference whether he's been out for a
year or not you know he tells himself
who he is and every day he goes there
and he looks himself in the mirror
probably and says
you know giant guy and I'm gonna beat
the teal female and put him on a stretch
Italian guy what doesn't make sense
that's a Scottish you know but hey
um really it just comes to all those
things I can't I can't necessarily speak
upon what he's going to do until we get
there in the ring so you know everything
else is just noise you mentioned weight
classes there and Josh Taylor has
campaigned at 140 for most of his career
if not all of his career you were at
lightweight you're moving up now this is
your third fight at 140 pounds so let's
bring in Laurent Turner strength and
conditioning coach of Teo how is to
handling this 140 pounds oh he's
handling it really well man he's putting
on size but he's cutting down at the
same time it's pretty crazy his body can
adapt to anything I give him whether
it's circuit training whether it's
running long distances
um weight training he's he's adapting to
it all it's amazing seeing him work
really hard every every single day
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
Josh we know that in the lead up to this
fight you've said that Teo Fimo is
mentally fragile you said you're going
to decapitate him right so so why do you
feel that way just with the things it
says the things he does he's mentally
weak he's a he's a mentally he's a mouse
and he's got already got the the doubts
in his mind and I'm going to cement them
and I'm going to put this guy into
retirement after I've given that much of
a beating and that's schooling a mouse
or a moose which one is it a Mouse a
mouse yeah I love that I miss this
thank you for the compliment
oh man I can't wait man I'm gonna put
this guy up man I can't wait it's gonna
be fun you go I smile you're gonna as
long as you're gonna be on fire trust me
I'm gonna make you work a lot harder
your heart and lungs are going to be
exploding what do I got to what do I
have to lose what do I have to lose I'm
teal female Against All Odds the guy
that comes in there when everyone thinks
that he's done I give you guys what you
want but I'm not gonna give you guys
what you need until June 10th let's just
get back to the sport of boxing for a
moment no that is boxing though what are
you talking about mate that is boxing
boxing is what it was
this guy's a piece
I'm not just a piece I'm all of it yeah
yeah
while you go out there with your
Scottish dress and you look like oh let
me know you're burning field Rough Boy
trust me you're gonna feel it that's all
rubbish mate
you're known as The Tartan tornado
you're a very proud Scotsman aren't you
does that play a part in your absolutely
standing absolutely and that's part of
my makeup I am a very proud fighting
Scotsman and that's I'm very proud to
put in my country on the map the first
one is with world champion since Ken
Buchanan who just recently passed away
so that's one thing I'm very proud of I
put in my country on the map
representing Scotland
and you like to walk into the bagpipes
absolutely absolutely Scottish Warrior
absolutely
you're both phenomenal Fighters it's
it's in you but I wanted to ask Joe
because you haven't heard from Joe yet
about the technical things that you're
working on
with Josh for the style of tear female
Lopez yeah you know got it it's a
new field for a long time representing
Honduras in the Olympics and a few
fights before that and you know we
caught me a back then you know we still
see the professional now as the kid he
was back then doing the same things
these develop these come on he's won a
lot and you know it was we've utilized
the a lot of stuff we can capitalize on
and likewise be careful also because
he's a dangerous fighter and the respect
to be shown in the gym Josh is showing
them respect and he's in fantastic
condition as you can see him you know
eBay ready in Center June is it going to
be a very technical fight early on it's
going to be any fight what Josh wants to
play
she wants to fight in the pocket if he
wants the Box he's not the Undisputed
Champion for nothing
look to all be dancing to Josh Taylor's
tune on the 10th and truly believe that
[Music]
hey this is a hell of a fight and this
is the fight of the century not that
Garcia and Davis fight this is the true
true Kingpin of it all it's the 100th
year of the Ring magazine the rocky belt
can't wait yeah I'm excited he's right
it's a big fight it's a big fight it's a
great fight it's a huge fight and it's
one that's
huge both sides of the pond here and
over there so it's got the people
talking so it's a big fight absolutely
yeah I mean I was going to say is this a
must-win fight for you Josh in lots of
ways as is it a must win fight for him
everything
if this fight goes wrong
or I'll get the wrong decision let's
back to the drum balls for me and my
plans that I've got to become to it will
jump and go way back so yes everything
everything is a must win fight I've got
plans and Ambitions I want to do and
become a two-bit world champion
to the Undisputed world champion
something that no business whatsoever
done that's the kind of goals I've got
so every fight
as I was when feet
[Applause]
and Now ladies and gentlemen
lightweight champion of the world
[Music]
Tio can I ask you Josh hasn't lost yet
how is a boxer affected after that loss
what do you have to go through to come
back see that's the thing that's meant
probably why he calls me a mouse because
I don't believe I lost that fight
neither man the referee raised my hand
before they caught it for camposis I
know how it works I know the ones and
twos to me it's not really a loss it's
just lessons you learn how to how to
maneuver after that see he doesn't know
what defeat tastes like yet I've lost 21
times in my whole career and I'm still
going and people call me a legend people
call me the greatest and it's because of
those reasons we never stop
yeah you call yourself the greatest I'm
the double greatest not the greatest the
greatest is Muhammad Ali but I'm the
double greatest ah you okay
look technically with Taylor you know
good fundamentals he tries to keep his
distance catches his range you know he
baits there's a lot of things man I
could really execute on those things
that I understand from my own experience
and this is what it is if you say you
the greatest you got to prove it right
so fight the best guys in the game and
that's what I'm doing we've asked for
Josh Taylor for a long time and we've
worked our way it's not something that
we were asking as let it be given you
know Josh Taylor is the best guy that
everyone wants I'm here stepping on
there with only three fights this is my
third fight technically at 140. a lot of
you guys don't even know your research
about Teo Fimo that I fought at 40
before you guys don't know about Tio
female and I'm thankful for it because
it's perfect it's really perfect it's
technically my fourth fight at 140.
you are you showing respect for Josh
there by the things you're saying about
him I'm just speaking on Italy's I'm not
showing respect on that boy I'm just
speaking the facts facts is not respect
the hell why do I gotta respect this
what is that of respect well it was the
Undisputed Champion he won the super and
I was honest through the champion at 135
and yeah took that away from me who
gives a fly you're scared of teal female
at 25 I'm young I haven't even hit my
Prime yet I'm just getting warmed up
you're going to have a pregnant for this
fight yeah you know what you're right
they're gonna call me a greatest and the
youngest active Hall of Fame at 25.
that's that's more than Prime maybe it's
retired that's more than Prime I'm gonna
put you into retirement and live
retirement you're at the end of your
you're at the end of your road and your
trainer knows it but he's got to
motivate you mentally to get there
that's all carry the man carry that dead
weight I didn't know I Don't Need No Man
of motivation trust me just carry that
that way you fat carry it I've got a
mental filthy to carry it man I'm a
mental foot you're a mouse thank you I'm
unbreakable mentally I'm unbreakable
mentally
morning warming up
that's the one that's gonna make us win
all right how important is your father
in your corner oh my father's everything
man it's a dynamic duo you know
um I like to keep him reserved right now
you know for from for my own reasons
this is not a backup guy here next to me
this is a team sport so that's really
what it is
um my father is everything a lot of
people want to bring other trainers
involved I've had assistant coaches but
they don't know about boxing to the
point that my father does and that's why
it's just me and him going into this
fight don't want nobody don't need
nobody coming in that my father's a very
very intelligent man in the game very I
mean I know my in boxing and he still
surprises me daily daily
let's go
[Music]
sh we know that you've had success when
you've come over to America in the past
do you feel like coming to New York is
this enemy territory
it's not boxing rings are boxing ring
I'm excited for coming to New York
because they make our boxing Madison
Square Garden I'm fighting in the arena
where 99 of boxers who turn professed on
the dream of becoming world champion won
a fight in New York City and Madison
Square Garden and one of the very few is
doing it so now it's not anime Thursday
this is a dream come true fighting on a
venue like this Teo you're proudly
representing Brooklyn New York on June
10th what do you think it's going to be
like in Madison Square Garden what are
the fans going to be like oh man it's a
it's a whole always every time you fight
at the mecca it's just a different um
energy and that's what gets me going you
know that's that's really what it is so
when when it comes to the mecca you just
got to be there to actually feel the
experience that's where Legends are born
you know and that night I'm just gonna
have fun that's what I missed you know I
wasn't having fun the the Martine fight
I was taking it too serious you know
what I'm saying we just gotta have fun
you weren't having fun in in recent
fights you're having fun again now
absolutely absolutely you know I'm not
I'm not in Vegas I'm not doing camping
any of those sorts sucking me dry you
know I gotta live a little bit you know
I'm young I'm 25 I'm having fun and and
that's what was the Takeover you know
back to back
2017-2018 Prospect of the years 2019. we
won the World Championship in Mecca
it's just all those things
in terms of official predictions Josh I
know you've said you're going to knock
him out in rounds six through eight
you're gonna retire this man so so let
me ask you this why do you feel that way
because I'm the best and this guy's so
mentally insecure
I'm growing this for men always
unsecurities that he's got and he's
going to be retired Tio when you hear
Josh Taylor say he's going to knock you
out in the middle rounds he's going to
retire you what is your response
oh the only best response everyone got a
plan to get punched in the face Mike
Tyson you know Mike thought you ain't no
Mike Tyson trust me I don't want to be
until female the one and only the man
the myth the legend
that's it but I gotta poke you Josh for
a minute and just say when you say
just call you out on this you don't
watch him
no really not it's hard to believe that
I I do and focus on myself I watched so
I watch his face when they're live when
they've been live and watch this fight
I've seen a lot of them I've seen how
much mistakes he makes fundamentally
he's never changed he's never changed
wait didn't you say you didn't watch
none of my film he says I saw you in
your with your life a lot about your
fights in your life like yourself from a
boxing fan but then he said he didn't
watch none of my fight lives when you're
live and watch your face I've done study
this guy Dr Martin neither I've stolen
off of him he's not he's not in Malik
and I'm going to knock him out and
that's it contradicting yourself there
buddy you've got a final message Tio for
um for Josh or all of us oh yeah yeah
absolutely man hey so for everybody
tuning in listen thank you guys to all
my fans to all my friends and to all the
children out there that are there are
seeing this and really want to become
something in the sport you know uh This
Is What It Takes not just the trash talk
but backing it up and putting everything
up on your back and carrying it with
with uh not Pride but with humility and
um with uh Grace you're talking about
humility and Greece well yeah it's how
you carry it this guy just talks so much
that's unbelievable well this is a fight
game yeah I'm outside the ring right now
mate I'm outside the ring there's a
whole nother guy you got to be like Kobe
actually says he says are you the same
beast but a different animal you're so
stupid it's unbelievable right now he's
seen a different animal right now so you
know it's just those things I don't
really need to talk to you I'm talking
to my people at the moment
it's just really what it is
but but in in English again
um can you take his friends by beating
him I think I've already got his fans to
be honest yeah yeah but you know so for
everybody you know I'm just I'm grateful
for this opportunity this is what we do
this is how we do it this is why we call
ourselves a takeover and this fight
right here was to notify as in the
worldwide takeover
June 10th ESPN get your tickets now yeah
I'm off ski I've see you on June 10th
this man's on his way out you know 30 30
years 30 something years old you know
he's gotta leave he's gotta leave all
good hey but we stay we're gonna have to
say goodbye for now thanks very much for
your time over there we cannot wait for
June the 10th
we cannot wait for this fight it really
is set up to be absolutely spectacular
[Music]
well unfortunately for all of us it is
June the 10th and you know what that
means this fight is going down fight
night it is fight night we are just
maybe about an hour I would say away
from our main event hopefully less it is
the WBO and lineal Ring Magazine June
what Junior welterweight world
championship fight the champ Josh Taylor
taking on the Challenger TF emo Lopez
here at the theater at Madison Square
Garden Christina Ponder and Jamal
Herring here with you let's talk a
little Main Event what we have some time
before we get to our our co-main
um how about just on this man right here
tfema Lopez there has a lot that has
been said uh from him and about him and
where he is you know mentally more so
even than physically if he's capable uh
tonight how would you kind of assess
this whole promotion and what you've
seen from Tia female well the one thing
that I took from that footage we just
seen a moment ago
was the fact that he said that he won
he's he's gonna have fun again he claims
and he he hasn't been having fun in his
last two outings these changes came
environment from Las Vegas to Florida
with nature like he pointed out and um
in the fighter meeting but again with
this there's still a lot of questions in
the terms about you you can say all the
right things and he knows how to say the
right things this is not to your
female's first rodeo he knows how to
promote himself but again it all it all
has to show up in the ring where it
matters the most so that's that's the
big question we know what Josh Taylor is
capable of we know what Josh Hill is
going to do or what he can he do but I
think there's more questions surrounding
tier female Lopez in this in his matchup
than Josh Taylor would you say that
because of where how you see them
matching up physically or would you say
it's because of where more or less the
questions have been surrounding where
tifimo is at mentally I think it's more
it's more where Tia people said mentally
I mean let's not forget his last outing
we all know that Infamous clip where he
asks himself does he still have it now
the world is going to acts tonight does
he still have it you know he claims that
you know he was just talking to me
talking whatever but at the same time
you know the way his expression showed
it after that after his last outing so
there's a lot there's a lot he has to
act he has to answer and then mainly
within himself but like again like I put
in it earlier he has all the skills and
the tools in the world to be great and
become a champion again but you got to
have the right mindset when you're
fighting a guy like Josh Taylor who's
all business and Josh Taylor also has a
chip on her shoulder from his last
outing but he seems to have more of a
Seek and Destroy approach coming into
this fight and I know Josh like I say
again I've known for over 10 years and
he's he's very serious about his craft
and he's taking his fight very seriously
as well
some great analysis there about my
partner Jamel Herring more on the main
event and our co-main event still to
come stay with us
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
[Applause]
[Applause]
the Gladiator
[Applause]
thank you
be alone
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Applause]
[Applause]
thank you
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
baby baby
[Applause]
all right
[Applause]
Stephenson
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
the next great Puerto Rican champion
[Applause]
look at Sandra zayas now you've seen
that Puerto Rican blood that's what you
see from Zenith right now headshot after
headshot let's talk again there's a lot
to be impressed with his young Fighters
Puerto Rico's got another great champion
on their hands
[Applause]
what's up
that certainly seems to be the hope
around much of the
boxing community and the fans of Puerto
Rico is that Xander science kind of pick
up that torch and carry it for the
island of Puerto Rico and he's done his
part as a pro so far at only 20 years
old 15-0 with 10 Knockouts fighting at
the junior middleweight division working
his way up the rankings now the top 20
and a majority of them top 10 in the WBA
and WBO we've seen him grow from a 17
year old now to a 20 year old a
three-year professional starting at 147
and making his way up
um what do you like about xender size
what do you think it is for fans that
are just tuning in if they haven't seen
them what makes people say he could be
the next one he's getting better when
he's fighting he's getting better he's
fighting he's growing and he's we're
watching him grow right before our eyes
within the ring you know like um every
time a kid's in the ring he always shows
a new Dynamic to his Arsenal or or what
he's picked up and he corrects his
mistakes from the last even when he
feels like he's had a lukewarm
um you know
performance in there he still he still
manages to you know still capture us but
like we're like you know something like
you know what I see I see what he's
doing I see what he's working at I see
where he's going so I'm definitely you
know I can understand why the whole
island of Puerto Rico's on his shoulders
but you know for young for a young man
because like I said we got him he was a
kid before but for a young man now you
know he's he's taking the pressure and
handling it very well I I couldn't agree
with you more and he you know we're
looking for for a star especially that
represents an island where you know
there's so much Charisma personality
love happiness like he embodies all of
that and just when he smiles in the way
he carries himself too so you spoke to
those you know tangible boxing things
but I think he also has those
intangibles outside of the ring that you
know allows him that Grace and and that
energy to carry that torch uh if you
will on this weekend for his promoter
Top Rank and you know on many on many
other levels as he ascends through uh
the boxing world let's take a look back
at Xander science's last fight it was a
unanimous decision in this same building
one the big room at and MSG Madison
Square Garden against Alexis Salazar
Flores
that was a tough fight Freddy roach
trained fighter in Flores but he had a
pretty dominant performance over eight
rounds
I mean he was slick he was slipping
there he he tightened up his defense he
was rolling with the shots countering
off the shots I mean he showed a little
bit of everything and again if you go
from his first fight with Tyrant to his
last fight you could clearly see the
difference in his kid's growth
tonight he's taking on Ronald El Diablo
Cruz who is getting ready in just a few
moments to make his ring walk as we get
ready for our co-main event tonight
let's first listen to Xander science
talking about the significance of
fighting on this weekend in New York
City
[Music]
this is my first time fighting in Puerto
Rican Day weekend and it does make it um
special the people is going to be
rooting for me on the fans this is the
moment he dreamed of
because we have pride on what we do we
um we put love into this we um we have
the people behind us and um the support
that we need from the island
um it's a small island with a lot of
heart a lot of dedication a lot of hard
work fighting for the Miguel um Koto
trophy it's a Dream It's a dream some
somebody that I look up to somebody that
I might as a person and that's a fighter
to be fighting for this trophy
especially in Puerto Rican Day weekend
this is a dream come true
foreign
[Music]
come true indeed I'll be at one year
later than he would have liked
considering he was going to fight on
this weekend last year before he got
sick over in Australia alongside uh
George Campbell since his trainer that
he shares Javier centino but taking a
look at some of the footage of Xander
sayas my partner Jamel mentioned it
before he does a lot of things really
well and he continues to get better he
throws a lot of punches he
throws great combinations variety he has
a good variation of his punches he's
strong he could box he's been working on
his footwork been working on his angles
and I think also growing into his weight
too as a young man at just 20 years old
agreed agreed and you see these small
Clips he knows this space he knows his
distance he knows he knows his spacing
and everything he's very well he doesn't
he doesn't over commit the shots you
know he sits on his punches very well he
gets good range on every on his shots
and more important like I said I just
like I just like how he he's sharpened
up that defensive where he could take
less punishment and to prolong his
career which which will turn into a
great career if it long as he continues
on his path
[Applause]
yeah he has taken some time off to heal
some injuries that he didn't want to or
an injury that he didn't really want to
tell us much about in The Fighter
meeting but that's what delayed his
return a little bit more his last fight
was in December December 10th and uh
just one week shy now of the longest
layoff of his career 182 days but
nonetheless let's take a look at the
weigh-ins the still made the way it
looks great on the scale and his way
back that's his opponent there Ronald El
Diablo Cruise
weighing in at 152.4 there's Sanders
152.8
152.8
Forsyth who as you can see has a
significant height Advantage we'll look
into that more now with Jamal in the
tale of tape telling the tape even
though my partner just pointed out that
Cruz and Xander have a significant
height difference is only about a one
inch one inch height Advantage but I'm
looking at the reach Advantage going
into Zion's favorite with the three
inches over cruises 71. and he'll
advantage and we'll see that in the ring
but he'd definitely look like he had a
couple well we could put out the 11 year
age yes Ben is going into zayas's favor
that part he does have youth on his side
and he will be making his ring walk now
with Hilario carrion
to a song that he wrote for Xander
science
this music video
video science has been a part of about
if you dream it you can achieve it
anything is possible has over 10 million
views on YouTube and I don't care what
you say if you're a fighter and an
artist a popular artist versus song
about you you're definitely going places
and here comes Xander science
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
at just 20 years old Xander science does
carry a maturity about him Beyond his
years managed by Peter Khan and under
the tutelage of trainer javiel sentido
who has been with him since his amateur
days his father stepfather but he
doesn't like to use the word stepfather
Because he believes he is his father
Orlando Garcia in his corner
[Applause]
[Music]
Fantastic Team around him marchinook is
in the ring right now with our beautiful
top ranked Knockouts to give us the
official introduction
ladies and gentlemen welcome inside the
world's most famous arena we're at the
theater at Madison Square Garden this is
boxing this is top rank presented by
Hall of Fame boxing promoter Mr Bob arum
brought to you this evening by Boost
Mobile money is Power by AutoZone get in
the Zone by Bud Light the official beer
of celebrations and by DraftKings
Sportsbook download the app today this
bout is scheduled for eight rounds for
the nabf and nabo Junior middleweight
titles our judges at ringside John McKay
Alan mace and Robin Taylor and the Man
In Charge at the sound of the Bell Mr
Steve Willis
introducing first out of the blue corner
he weighed in at
152.4 pounds wearing black trunks with
red trim his record 18 victories two
defeats one draw 12 of those victories
coming by way I'll knock out
representing the North Hollywood
California
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Applause]
ER he weighed in at
152.8 pounds
wearing black trunks with gold trim his
record is perfect 15 fights 15 victories
10 of those victories coming by way of
knockout he is the reigning and
defending
nabf and nabo Jr middleweight champion
from San Juan Puerto Rico
Zion
[Applause]
okay gentlemen you both have your
instructions in the dressing room want
you to pay the command to protect
yourself at all times right now it's
going to be under the letters here right
now it's going to be under the goal tap
it up let's go to work
all right Steve Lewis the third band in
the ring tonight for our co-main event
Xander science taking on Ronald Cruz
Christina poncher and Jamal Herring here
with you on the call tonight from the
theater at Madison Square Garden this
one's scheduled for eight rounds and her
science defending his nabf and nabo
Junior middleweight World titles and
listen um I'm excited for this matchup
but I'm definitely excited to see you
Steve Willis in the ring around windows
forward entertaining piece one of the
infamous faces of boxing and his
Expressions when he's in the rain I'd
like to welcome all of our friends
watching on Sky Sports oh my goodness a
knockout here early in round one
oh
and again hello our friends over there
watching Sky Sports with Christina
poncher and I appreciate it
the action that comes first my friend an
action is getting hurt breaking around a
body shot with the left hand a little
low there by science
[Applause]
you gotta come out ready
Alexander science you can't come out
cold and he got caught pulled quickly in
the first 30 seconds of this fight I
mean and no excuses in the fight of
meaning he told us hey I've been waiting
for this fight since December now the
moment's here you better make the most
of it
yeah he started camping December for
what was supposed to be a March date
against Andrew science that got pushed
back a little bit to April and now all
the way till June he's got him on the
mine for six months and right now he's
had him on his body with that body shot
again with the left hand
is sharp right now he just shot
he came out and come back they came out
the gun fast slick strong
Cruz got a cruise got some Amino got to
play ketchup she's already down 10-8 in
this Farm around so far
Messiah is ready for this moment waiting
for this moment albeit in a co-main
event spot here on Puerto Rican Day
weekend in New York City but could he be
the next Puerto Rican star the ones who
headlined this event for his promoter
Top Rank boxing in the years to come
nice job though from zayas
basically
basically using it as a range finder you
know putting some space and distance
between them so you can launch that
straight they're straight right hand
again
just like that
sharks using some of the faints he told
us in the fighter meetings as well that
he was going to implement into his game
and and sadly to say you know famous is
actually a Lost Ark in boxing that
challenge well not too many fighters you
see really throwing as many fakes nice
nice right hand from Zaya there over the
shoulder Cruise
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah I want the six now the six is
available okay okay you're taking too
long going up and down you got to be
faster okay now as soon as you get
inside of him please continue bring that
hook bring that hook and that uppercut
okay yep
okay
sharp boom there's another counter that
counter right here
[Music]
I am set it up
bam He Slipped it
[Music]
Ronald Cruz trained by Superman
Juan Jimenez he said most people will
know me by Superman not so much
we'll drop the Superman on the broadcast
don't you worry
he's got his man down at 10-8 Round
there after getting dropped in the first
30 seconds of the fight
Cruz can't reach every time he reaches
he'll breaks down
right there waiting for the counter
[Applause]
you gotta Step at the jab Cruz double it
up
who's training out of The Brick House
boxing gym also went to Robert Garcia's
boxing Academy and wild cards all around
the gyms try to get the best barring
that he could to help him prepare and
sharpen his tools
yes
[Applause]
uppercut hey
[Applause]
please
open lunches and what happens Zions goes
with the right hand right over there
right over across his left shoulder
every time
you gotta bring you got to bring that
jab back to the guard
having a hard time trying to find any
space to throw his punches
[Applause]
even when he feels like he's back
against the Rope what does he do he
turns he turns and brings it right back
to the center of the Ring
[Applause]
uppercut just misses for science
thanks
looking to establish his jab there goes
the other size with the left hand up top
into
one jab stops everything
and right back
left hand up just Cruise once he leans
in
there we go
[Applause]
you're here
not only step in but he's throwing one
shot and he's reaching you gotta take
your feet with you
let's go let's go
oh beautiful shot there right and left
[Applause]
another good round for zayas
[Applause]
quite awesome let's go ahead and touch
that right side as well okay
but when you get on that right side make
sure that shoulder's right right let him
come over the topic
[Applause]
give me a nice deep breath give me five
looking for that uppercut and to do some
more work on the right side of cruise as
well
[Music]
[Applause]
there's that uppercut broke right
through the car with their left hand and
then we came with the same left hand
around the guard for a hook
let's look at it again
in that right hand bam open that lazy
over that lazy jabber Cruise
round three to swim
this week he's ready for a ten rounder
he's ready for 12 14 16. yeah exactly
yeah he's old school
[Applause]
peace
[Applause]
[Music]
the back up top then gets right out of
range combination
[Applause]
precious
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
again
[Applause]
yeah
that would look good with the left hand
see that's nice she's a punching bag man
when you do that
another tough shot gets in
all right love that I just love seeing
that whatever
they just became punching bag and now
you're able to basically go under the
elbows with the body says I received
from his eyes or potentially puzzle to
guard
now
[Applause]
and trust me folks I've been a victim of
making those same mistakes I've done
that the same thing on that high
pressure core and Chicago was throwing
it around my guard all night because I
can't I can't you know trying to walk
down playing the peek-a-boo stands and
he would just throw around the guard
every time so I know firsthand
Cruz is finding out right about now that
he may need to try to make another
adjustments out for this next round
and to add on to that I will say that
that adjustment is probably um it's
probably fighting oh I could have sworn
he did he did and I was trying to listen
to what plan letter they were on right
now in that corner but let's look at
some highlights probably I'm playing A2
hypnotizing as long as you go ahead
and work up and down okay once you start
standing in front of him like this
you're giving them time for steaks
remember if you don't see him walk away
walk away set it up again okay yeah okay
I see it all right okay
let's go
taking a look at the coffee box numbers
through the first three rounds of this
fight Xander science has thrown 238
punches compared to 131 punches for
cruise landing at a 40 SEC 46 split on
his power shots
there's another sneak you right here
with the left hand as well
he's still here
[Applause]
again the other side
and cruises right here shaking his head
like you know come on boys we gotta get
some offense stopping your cell phone
man
and I'm just trying to find out how
who's even 132 punches for the first
three rounds more than what we actually
use
but you see the percentage though on
total Landing 19 percent
[Applause]
[Applause]
for the most part
they all have a meme
[Applause]
hands down and that's one of the things
Cruz said was he believes that dander
doesn't always take his head off the
line and in fact that he fatigues later
on in fights too and they look to step
on it late towards the second half of
the fight but she gotta get there yeah
you gotta get there at this rate I'm not
saying he's you know he's close to being
put out but if you allow somebody lives
to continue just you know doing what he
wants you may not get to it he didn't
say the part of the meeting there he
plans on taking him into deep borders
but like like you put it out you got to
get there first
myself
that's it
looking for a right hand coming from
Cruz over his jab he just haven't really
been able to unleash that weapon much
here
a couple shots off okay quick quick but
he gives it right back he stops he gives
it right back
nice nice little hook through the body
from Zions
[Applause]
perfect
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
and our main event there is the WBO and
lineal Ring magazine World Champ Josh
Taylor
jumping some rope getting warmed up
get ready for his fight
that's coming up next in our main event
gotta stay warm never know yeah
Gibbon roping his undies
are you okay with that the jump rope
getting warmed up now is it taking off
some energy if it gets the blood if it
gets that heart rate pumping then it's
it's cool but yeah I've never I've Never
Scared bro I'm used to just gloving up
and um you know hitting some hitting
some passes to get loose but everyone
has their own thing
but I don't do it in my undies though
[Applause]
The Tartan The Tartan draws for The
Tartan tornado
[Applause]
round five scheduled for eight
[Applause]
minutes
say that three times faster
we'll get back to you on that one later
on folks
[Applause]
and you know what's crazy you mentioned
that that crew says hit up the line but
for the most part this fight Cruz has
been the one that's good that's kept his
head unknown on the swivel
now the crowd's getting arrested I don't
know why I thought I thought those eyes
[Applause]
getting warmed up so I think that's some
of the fans that have made the trip over
and the fans that he has here of Josh
Taylor kind of booing I mean well so
much yeah
home field advantage you know what it
really didn't feel that way
[Applause]
that hurts
and when you smile
[Applause]
[Music]
that's one thing about Zions though if
you hit him if you catch him on a good
combination or a shot oh he's coming
right back and that's why I said that
Cruz needs to continue being busy don't
just don't just admire your work go back
to work continue working
[Applause]
he's watching it
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
ERS because he's been a lot more active
this round than any other round so far
in this fight well he didn't say towards
the second half of the fight they kind
of wanted to step it up round five we're
here
[Applause]
oh
[Applause]
and there is Tia female Lopez that's
kind of the shot that the crowd was
seeing in the arena when you heard some
of the booze as he's getting his hands
wrapped and getting ready
so look to capture a world title now at
140 pounds he's the former Undisputed
lightweight champion down at 135 pounds
this now coming up another weight class
looking to beat the man who had all the
belts at 140 pounds which was Josh
Taylor before he either got stripped or
vacated some of those titles for not
fighting mandatories in each of the
various sanctioning bodies but tonight
we'll be defending the WBO and of course
it still has that ring magazine title
the one that counts the one that matters
the man and the man of the division yep
that that title folks
so the double takeover as he said he
should be dubbed after he takes over
another division is what he's looking to
do this evening that's coming up next in
our main event for right now it's been
all Xander science here in our co-main
through the first five rounds scoring a
knockdown of Cruz in round one
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
by a significant margin according to the
coffee box numbers Landing 42 percent of
his shots to the body 43 of his power
shots
[Applause]
him down with his hands up
you know even on time they don't go back
to the peekaboo stop but he's trying to
throw that jab a little bit more more
than we was and like in the last five
five rounds or so
see right there he doesn't even do that
though
he definitely doesn't want to serve his
chin out there on the platter for the
shots that Xander's coach has been
calling for which is that uppercut and
he's squaring up
[Applause]
honest
[Applause]
[Applause]
who's got in a right hand and they're a
sneaky shot but no um
[Applause]
every time
it does not like to be outdone I've
known as that
right
another one from zayas oh and he knew he
snuck in a sneaky uppercut
right there Cruz has two career losses
both of those have come by unanimous
decision one of them in his last fight
against Damian Sosa in a fight that he
did not look bad right in that fight
when I watched it back I mean it was a
really good performance for salsa but
Cruz more than held his own albeit
coming out losing a unanimous decision
his other loss was only in his third Pro
fight so very durable and Dennis is knew
that coming into this fight and he has a
chin and he sparked with some really
tough guys
uh Mike Tyson in the past you know to
get him ready for an exhibitions
with a good right hand a moment ago
[Applause]
I'm digging the game Zaya's back right
back down to the body as more of that
kind of clinching you talked about her
holding his guard
Bruce oh
[Applause]
a lot of different flags though in the
audience tonight you got the Puerto
Ricans yeah
but this is why we love boxing boxing
brings the world together
[Music]
like guys
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
even this late in the fight he still
goes back to the fundamentals and he
still is constantly pumping out that jab
I love the aggression there who's a
shown though with some more sense of
urgency especially the Rebecca possibly
he may need a knockdown I mean well
knock out at this point
[Applause]
all right
[Applause]
good body shot from zayas
[Applause]
[Applause]
oh good combination just
[Music]
[Applause]
182 days
oh and he looks refreshed he looks sharp
because he has had a very busy young
career kept him very busy it looks like
he didn't even like he didn't even miss
a step though
Fighter for listening to his body and
what he needed at just 20 years old
knowing I need to preserve this
big shot there
again right back to it
kind of rattles there again now you see
now he's here
Cruz is definitely hurt will is taking a
good look another baraja punches comes
in but Cruz stays on his feet
is pouring the heat on more so now here
in round seven
he's actually fight a cruise game
Chester chest forehead the forehead
yeah
punched in the mouth right now as Xander
continues to pour on
that is the end of the round
those last 30 seconds 45 seconds
androsiah has really delivered some
heavy shots I think no you might need
the stool right now they got him
standing up in the corner but yeah
because he needs that stool
I don't know I don't know if the time
turned in
Josh Taylor's still getting warmed up
there in the locker room and Sky Sports
owned Andy Scott will be joining us in
between this fight and our main event
he's kind of been embedded there with
Josh Taylor the entire week to add some
perspective and of course they have a
great relationship he knows him very
well and just is a great box of mine so
we will hear from Andy's thought in
between this our co-main event and our
main event that's still to come of
course tikimo Lopez Josh Taylor for 12
rounds is up next
[Music]
[Applause]
coming out for the last round these guys
touch him up
now I won't say I won't say good fight
but I will definitely say hell of a hell
of a proposed from Zaya so far in this
fight because it's basically been
one-sided all fight
[Applause]
s
so I give him that he's definitely
trying
it's just that you know it's not enough
to get sandwiches that is just gonna get
the lever at this point hey give me a
fight and we've seen other Fighters go
down from chocolate doesn't he gets a
sneaky shot in there on the chin of Zion
yeah yeah I saw a real good Cruise
credit though he did get dropped in the
first round and you know he's thrown his
way he still kept you know he's still in
it
they caught him early since then he's
taken a lot of shots
stood his ground
[Applause]
like body shops like that I mean
Xander's eyes has landed over 120 body
shots that's crazy
[Music]
[Applause]
you could barely get a fighter to throw
100 Jazz let alone land a hundred five
shots let me reel that back for a second
123 power punches 60 of those body shots
still amazing though because once we've
seen of close by hours they've been very
effective
[Applause]
with a good right hand
five
okay
[Applause]
70 seconds left in this scheduled eight
rounder
Cruise
[Applause]
and he knew that Cruz was gonna be tough
yeah
wait but he needed he needed this fight
especially with his mom with a long
layup you need fights like this dog and
you know this is just so you can see
where you're at and I I I give him a you
know a flying DT passage so far just
because we're flying colors
it was great to see the kid back but
yeah you you need tests like this in
your career you need a price like this
you don't want you don't you don't
always want those those early Knockouts
I mean yes they look good and but when's
the win but sometimes you need some dirt
there's durable in front of you to
really hone your skills and test
yourself out and that's exactly what
Ronald proves was but it was Alexander
science tonight
on the eve of the Puerto Rican Day
Parade in a dominant performance at the
theater in Madison Square Garden of
course we still got to go to the judge's
sport cards and see how they have this
one scored
but a a solid performance and all my
respect as well to Ronald Cruz after
getting dropped early in the fight he
came back and hung in there tough for
another seven rounds of this one but got
caught with a lot of clean shots yeah
from science
I mean looking at kabibachi landed 45 of
his power shots lives that is nearly
nearly half of his own you know half of
his power punches so that says it all
[Applause]
body work like that he was consistent
with throughout the fight invested in
the body early shot that uppercut great
combinations worked off the jab used the
faints he threw 311 Jabs so everything's
cut up the job and it just it was a
thing of beauty
just waiting for a marching up to make
his way to the ring and then we'll get
the official decision and I believe an
interview with the winner tonight there
is see female Lopez getting
warmed up no no gloves on quite yet if
this is a live shot I'm not sure but
he's coming up next in our main event
yep it is indeed my producer telling me
in my ear Marty Corwin it is a live look
into the locker room of tea vimo Lopez
a little middle finger to the world a
couple from his dad yesterday at the
weigh-in one one there I think that was
a way to say you know that we're number
one yeah we're number one you are you
and I are definitely number one tonight
I'm pretty sure those those tuning in
the sky would agree with that they
I believe it's the second annual
award recipient the winner will be given
the Miguel Cotto trophy to signify the
[Applause]
of this weekend
celebrating the Puerto Rican
Heritage and culture but that that's big
this is a lot though I mean especially
when that's your idol right
[Applause]
foreign
[Applause]
looks ready to announce the decision
we'll take a couple looks back at the
fight we'll get an interview and then
we'll get ready for our main event
but overall 622 total punches thrown
from Xander saez
to 358 piranha Cruz overall Landing 27
of his shots 40 to the body 45 of this
power shots Landing here's Mark Chinook
no
inside the theater at Madison Square
Garden after eight rounds we go to the
judges scorecards for the official
decision
John McKay Alan Nace and Robin Taylor
all scored about 80-71 for your winner
by unanimous decision who this evening
also receives the Miguel Cotto award in
honor of the Puerto Rican Day Parade
here in New York City
and still the nabf and nabo Junior
middleweight champion
all right
winner tonight by every round Xander Sia
is improving his professional record now
to 16-0 10 as a professional he's going
to be standing by it with ESPN's own
Bernardo Ozuna there is the Miguel Cotto
Trophy and a big smile of course
from The Young
Puerto Rican
he retains his two Regional World titles
at nabf and nabo title
Ronald Crews exiting the ring still
waving laughing like I had a good time
I'm glad to be here and he was tough as
Nails wasn't he there he was
there's Javier centino
with a fractured arm and all he had his
arm in that and not sling he said if if
this guy would take it easy on me on the
on the mitts
I kind of broke my arm we knew we were
into something huh when we saw that
and he showed it though he showed it
tonight ago against Cruz
looks like bernardo's in position and
he's
standing by with Xander science
and we'll take that interview and then
we'll carry on
happy birthday to Bernardo yes today is
also bernardo's birthday so happy
birthday he can't hear us but we'll let
him know we'll let him know listen to my
friend and colleague Bernardo Osuna one
of the good guys in boxing most
definitely
thank you
[Applause]
it'll be interesting to see some of the
matchups too for Zana science if he
stays at 154. I mean I can obviously see
him continuing to grow and fill out to
his frame I don't I don't know how much
uh how much longer he's gonna stay at 54
but I think that
I could see him challenging for a world
title there in the next year definitely
um with that performers again he's he's
definitely passed being a prospect
you know he's definitely he's definitely
on his way well he's a contender now
like he mentioned he's ranked and you
know he's ranking these sanctions and
bodies will put some eligibility for
World title it's just that now he could
like with more competition better
competition is going to get him prepared
for those that can because the 154
division is stacked so the better
competition is going to better defend
him for those type of fights welcome to
MSG on Puerto Rican Day uh weekend your
dream was to fight here on this special
day talk to me about that first round
and how he was able to make it through
Bernardo
in Puerto Rico
[Applause]
thank you to all my Puerto Rican fans
everybody that came out it's a dream
come true I'm very very happy to be here
and very excited to be you know in the
Puerto Rican Day weekend
um he was a tough guy tough guy I was I
was sitting with everything and um he
would just didn't want to go down he was
here to fight
um like I told you guys in the fighting
meetings he was motivated he was a tough
test but we got it done with flying
colors unanimous decision and we got the
adjustments that we needed to do you did
mention the fact that because he was
motivated he was going to bring out the
best in you what was it that he brought
out of Sandra zayas tonight the dog in
me I had to dig deep I had to stay
focused I had to listen to the corner
and most importantly have fun which was
the most important part everything I
mean the crowd was sheer for me so I was
trying to stay as focused as possible
thank you very much look forward to
seeing you soon thank you thank you
well done tonight once again for Xander
science and he said hey it made me have
to you know dig deep Tonight Show a
little bit of the dog that I've got in
me and he's gonna need that like you
said it's a great learning he had a lot
of dogs just that right hand was on
point all night he knocked down the
first round yep
and it continued to push forward using
the uppercut investing in the body
consistently throwing good combination
punches
bad intentions on a lot of those shots
bad intentions
[Music]
their right hand on the chin again
everything starts with the jab folks and
hands with that right hand from Power
shots sneaky uppercuts
zarya showed a little bit of Ernie
tonight from his Arsenal
and as we got from the back we got three
minutes before we before zyrus's
interview
oh I'm sorry
I appreciate you Jamel we will be back
in just a moment and be joined by Andy
Scott on the other side of this video
feature so stay with us
[Music]
really
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
foreign
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
New York City Christina poncher Jamal
Herring here with you getting ready for
our main event that's coming up next and
we are pleased to be joined by Sky
Sports on Andy Scott Andy nice to have
you on this side of the pond if you will
let me just say it's an absolute
pleasure everyone on Sky Sports has
enjoyed Jamal your commentary and yours
as well Christina so the pleasure is
absolutely mine to be uh welcomed on
this uh side of the pond and on top
right I mean it's it's been quite a week
you've been here longer than we have and
you've seen all the action you know
between these two the talk back and
forth and before we get specifically
into Josh Taylor who I know you're very
familiar with just your sense of how
this week has been uh which will
culminate tonight in our main event
between these two guys well I'll tell
you something for free nobody told me
about the wildfires in the Smoke oh my
goodness I didn't know where I was right
probably in the week
exactly right the orange Skies it was
something quite incredible but it's
built throughout the week that's the
truth it was a slow start
um in terms of it was just team Taylor
team tfemo Lopez Lopez was off limits
for us um so we almost became embedded
with Josh Taylor and that's uh something
that we we don't usually do we kind of
got accepted as team members and a part
of the extended family but that gave us
great access and um the one one thing
that I would say is the atmosphere in
that camp has been like something I've
never experienced they are so confident
and if there are any uh question marks
about Taylor and his previous
performances particularly uh the fight
against Jack caterall which I know we're
gonna come on to shortly
um
it's really sort of awoken a beast in
Josh Taylor he feels like his whole
resume has been questioned he feels
Knights like this against Jose Ramirez
things like that have been forgotten and
um I think it's made in a very very
dangerous man we had a chance to speak
to him yesterday in the fighter meetings
he said that he truly feels that this
has been his best weight cut by far and
also that his best preparation with his
new team like he was like I feel as good
as I felt or better than I felt before
that Ramirez fight and you believe that
with what you've seen and within the new
team in the energy around I do believe
that and I'm sure that every fighter
says it's been the best characteristics
has been the best way cut I've ever had
yeah with my own eyes all I can say is
we were allowed exclusive access to his
final two training session okay and he
was so fluid so loose and look Josh
Taylor wouldn't make a great poker
player because he you know exactly yeah
that's what he's thinking
um we were all there for the build up to
Capital where it was obvious that he had
done the weight very very badly there
was a documentary that was made by our
colleagues at the BBC they had looked
behind the scenes and it was a terrible
wake up this time round it just it just
you know famous last words of a pool but
he looked like he's he has made it
terrifically well he said it has been
the best uh Camp since the pro-grade
fight which he feels was his best
performance and certainly his best
preparation I mean he
you look good against baranchik as well
sure
um but certainly from what I saw with my
own eyes he looked tremendous all week
and I don't think there are lies being
told it's been a good cut especially
like you mentioned with the new team
they seem to have jailed very well um
himself Declan O'Rourke and Joseph
McNally they've got a um a doctor and a
sports scientist in Dr Carl Evans from
the Liverpool John Wall University who's
been here in Camp and he's monitored
every single thing that's gone in his
body in terms of calorie intake uh it
just feels like and he needs that he
needs all of that because look this is
the biggest opportunity
um in terms of coming up here fighting
at Madison Square gardening something
he's always dreamed of doing you don't
need to hear from me let's hear from the
man himself here is Josh Taylor talking
about what this moment means to him
tonight here in New York City
Ken Buchanan the great Scottish champion
died not long ago
we were close how has it affecting you
made Memorial determined to sorry
when he conferences a tribute to him as
well fighting on a place that he boxed
in I feel quite sad that I never got to
go to his his funeral because I wasn't I
was in training camp I'm pretty sure
that and the conversations that I have
became and stuff ability that's what
everybody told me to do he would have
told me stay focused do what you've got
to do and go and win this fight did he
ever talk to you about fighting in the
garden yeah a lot of things yeah what do
you think of God meant to him I think it
meant a lot to him he had a lot of his
big face here so I think you could call
this his home really for me he's the
best Scottish fighter ever and one of
the the UK's best ever as well
do you think you've exceeded him I would
never ever say that too much respect for
for Candy Cannon I know you've thought a
lot about fighting here what do you
expect it to be like
just just amazing
um
ones that I've always dreamed of it
coming over here and my uncle was all
saying to me and my dad
I'm gonna start saving we're going to
Madison Square Garden with this kid
we're going to be born in business
so yeah this is a it's a big day
quite emotional one for me because I
know you always believe in me
it's obviously a lot on the line for him
in terms of history and representing
what Ken Buchanan meant to him and of
what what he's done in this building as
well but I want to quickly get to
another comment or video of Josh Taylor
talking about that catarall fight take a
listen
[Applause]
ER
what happened with traveling almost
grave mistake of getting complacent and
looking past what was beyond Jack
Carroll I started focusing on what was
next in front of me so therefore never
really prepared
properly mentally and physically you
took a beating in the media with the
fans after that fight yeah did it get to
you not really and what did get to me
was that you see the things online my
wife was getting it my little sister was
getting a threats of violence and
getting put on them does a win here
wash that away to a certain extent of oh
yeah but there's always going to be
keyboard Warriors that are gonna just
see they'll share anyway I've got a got
a chef on my shoulder from last week got
point to prove I've got the hunger I've
got the desire I've got a big goal and a
big Target in front of me
[Music]
I mean I'm gonna let you take it from
here I mean what he can get off his back
tonight from that last performance your
link is as good as your last fight right
I mean that's that's the saying goes
what does this mean for him tonight and
for his career going forward
well I think unfortunately for Josh that
Jack casserole result is always going to
be there until those two maybe one uh
one day meet again the chances of that
happening I'm not so sure
um the only defense I would give to Josh
Taylor uh was that he didn't score the
fight okay people can pick holes in how
he dealt with it
um but it was down to three scoring
judges at ringside
um you know did Josh Taylor box badly or
did Jack casserole box really well and
perhaps he's not getting the credit that
he deserves one thing I would say is he
he didn't have a good night at the
office Josh Taylor you know you don't
need me to tell you that
um he boxed poorly he was dropped and uh
he will want to set the record straight
certainly in terms of performance he
will want to show like he said in that
VT there about the chip on his shoulder
it's it's lit a fire under him you know
make no mistake Josh Taylor wants to
come in here tonight uh just across the
water from uh teo's hometown of Brooklyn
and he wants to silence everyone in here
and he wants to silence all the doubters
online
I think that's something that CIA female
is looking to do tonight as well you
know he's not coming off a spectacular
performance by any means and if he
didn't have too many doubters before
that performance then maybe with some of
the comments that he's made and
questions about where he is mentally
heading into this fight have uh both
lent itself to some questions but
fortunately for us we get to sit back
and get some answers here in just a few
moments Andy I appreciate you so much
for joining us I wish you could see it's
good to see you my man now both of you
absolute pleasure you're doing a great
job look mate continue thank you I
appreciate you Andy here's a little bit
more on the two principles in our main
event tonight Josh Taylor and tiffino
Lopez
thank you
respect anything about Phil
I respect that he signed this contract
if you turn down mandatory before why'd
you take this one it's on the belt go
left until theme was a big name back
then he's about to accomplished fate out
at lightweight what do you see in Joshua
a guy that has no heart I'll come late
until family isn't going to phase me at
all I could leave the game once I give
him that much of a beat thing you said
you wanted to kill him in a way and what
comes with boxing and aesthetic sport
okay
I know that um what it puts on as a
Persona is the old saying with the
loudest one in the rooms the biggest one
in the room emotions are raw is shown
how fragile he is
so happy you do man you know do I still
got it
three weeks before the fight against
Sandra Martine I broke my left hand in
his farm
so they had to cut a piece of my bone
here so that they could put both of them
together all the guys at 140 are licking
their child because
time Martin was just Survivor he was
your Survivor I've never really faced a
style fighter like that in my life so
you still got it
yeah I still got it man it never left
it's a mental game of using the bad for
your good and then when you got them
it's like a fish on a hook and right now
I got y'all still
he's cleaning off as reverse psychology
but I don't think he's as clever as that
he's definitely not that intelligent to
be doing that
cannot miss
obviously my last performance wasn't
very good I started focusing on what was
next rather than what was in front of me
and so I think this one back to my usual
self and back to reminding people why
I'm the the king at 140. what's the best
thing Josh Taylor does he's a counter
puncher very good at it so he's very
poised on that part where is Josh Taylor
most vulnerable
he's left here because you can see it
coming that's like bigger than tougher
threats until FEMA Lopez he's definitely
um
definitely all over the place manually
one minute he's talking about being a
role model and then the next sentence is
talking about he wants to take my life I
don't think he's the most stable mental
person in America this is who I am a guy
that's lovable but man when it comes to
my sport no questions asked let's kill
be killed I believe you're sincere but
how do you reconcile filling a guy in a
ring
with a job I'm coming from a place where
the same Arena that I'm facing at is
where I nearly lost my life boxing is a
daily sport
and that comes with the territory
there's no right there's no wrong there
I think I might knock some
of yourself those that he's got will be
so many then he's not going to have any
place to come back from when I give him
a real little bit then
[Music]
[Music]
you said you wanted to kill him in a
ring
why they'd be saying people forgot about
me let's see if they forget about me now
you talk about being a role model you
gotta have good and bad
to balance the world I'm a beautiful man
outside the rain oh man I'm like a devil
on horns in the Rings I've seen how you
are before fights for six years now but
to me I always seen you as like
like you were a sweet kid where is that
kid
he's here
he's just he's he's a kid that that's
turning into a man
carola calls you mentally fragile even
mentally unstable your reaction so many
people say the same thing I got used to
it but
um mentally ill
physically ill crazy I get crazy a lot
always in the lead up to one of your
fights why are we talking about your
state of mind I don't know my life is
pretty awesome in the lead up to the
fight
he said
I'll tell you like this man you know why
I said I killed this man it's because I
want to die low-key
at least if I die I die doing what I
love
you want to die yeah but only in my ring
you know can't die outside the ring oh
you gotta explain yourself
that's what you're trying to say it's
cool man just ask me the questions
the lead up to the fight you said if
they want the black Fighters they can
keep them why'd you say that huh why
it's just a biased part of what I'm
seeing in in our field that's it because
it just seems like there's certain ones
favorite sizing others I believe the
commentators that are on the stand of
ESPN are advice to certified us no it's
not all home
[Music]
let it be what are you scared of stop
being about it and handle it like a man
handle it like a man all of y'all handle
it like a man that right there I've been
dealing with for a while my family is in
fear everything I speak out you know how
frustrating that is I think I understand
what you've been through to get here you
have not a clue not a clue
you have not agree no you have not a
clue of what I've seen
what I've gone through and when I'm
continuing to walk through none of y'all
I see a kid who went through a lot of
[ __ ] growing up a lot who's carrying
this whole family and I think that the
pressure is it's not oh [ __ ] no man it's
not on yeah okay yeah what we Built For
This
well we are going to see if he's built
for this because the build up to this
fight and the quotes and everything that
has been said by him has a lot of people
thinking that perhaps TV Lopez should
not even be stepping into the ring
tonight I mean you're a fighter you've
been through a lot yeah
the battlefield with your personal life
with your family Etc you more than
anybody knows how important it is to be
mentally prepared
do you feel tonight confident in the
mental
uh fortitude of two female stepping into
the ring honestly I don't know I don't
know
I mean this is I mean you guys that's
your answer right here if it's not yes
then it's then you're not confident I I
I'm not disagreeing and I think most
people would agree with you and you and
I both you and I both know him very well
and we love the kid you know we we know
we know the good side of the kid lately
we haven't got the scene that side of
obviously because he's battling demons
and things of that nature but overall
you know
outside of boxing I just I just wish the
best for the kids but the kid needs to I
think for the most part I mean he's 25
years old damn he needs to um make some
um some some drastic changes
outside the ring within this corner in
my opinion and so on but right now we
can't it's it's too late it's too late
for that right now obviously he has a
job to do and we just have to we just
have to wait and see I mean he says one
thing we see another so I hopefully you
know he whatever he's saying is what
he's really is what he really feels in
his mind and not just saying and
hopefully he feels that he's back he
feels that you know he uh he he didn't
like his past two performances and you
know he's back to having fun and as he
said as he says and things of that
nature but when we watch it when you
watch those clips it's hard you know
it's hard to agree with him
I agree I I definitely agree and I think
Josh Taylor sees it too he said this
guy's all over the place obviously I'm
gonna go through there and I'm going to
demolish him it might end early they had
to weigh in first let's take a look at
the weigh-in footage from yesterday when
tfemo had to strip down on the scale and
hit that 140 Mark for the third time as
a professional at 140 and there is Josh
Taylor who looks really good in my
opinion on the scale at 140 pounds so a
testament to him and what he says you
know was a extremely uh
no drama-filled weight cut for for him
and he wore the Kilt in fact there to to
kind of not only pay homage to Kim
Buchanan which we'll see in his whole
kit when he walks out but to kind of you
know
poke at tiffumo Lopez who's made fun of
him for his uh his attire let's look at
the tale of the tape for our main event
tonight this world championship by Jamal
Harry Taylor Lopez versus Josh Taylor
Teo Fimo Lopez coming in at 140 to Josh
Taylor's 139.8 Josh Taylor having a two
inch height Advantage as well as a one
inch reach advantage over Lopez for this
highly anticipated main event this
morning on Sky Sports Josh Taylor saying
you know maybe this was around noon I
should say eastern time that he was up
about 16 pounds
um
you know he's probably up another what
five from there at least and we'll be
ready for battle tonight at
Mecca of boxing albeit in the theater at
Madison Square Garden you're looking at
the skyline a beautiful New York City a
place that means a lot to Josh Taylor
where his Idol and who he says is the
best fighter to ever come out of
Scotland the international Boston Hall
of Famer Ken Buchanan has headlined many
times here in New York City Josh
Taylor's whole kit pays Amish to Ken
Buchanan you'll see that during his ring
walk of course which will be second as a
takeover to you Bima Lopez Tonight is
fighting just a stone throw away from
Brooklyn New York his hometown
the Statue of Liberty this place is
fitting for a fight of this caliber Two
fighters
who has been a unified world champion
Undisputed if you will depending on how
you want to look at the Haney situation
about 135 pounds and the same with Josh
Taylor who's been the man Millennial
champ at 140 pounds
that boxing needs right here listen like
a man Tom Gray says back over in the
course of pond the only title that
matters is that you know the lineal
title of course yes Undisputed is great
Josh Taylor did that but more
importantly he's carrying that ring
magazine Talent which means the this
means everything to Fighters across
across the globe I don't care what you
say that's all that matters
that will be on the line tonight as Josh
Taylor also enters this bout for the
first time with Joe McNatt McNally as
his trainer and in his corner of course
on the other side tfema Lopez senior in
his son's Corner as he looks to become a
two Division World Champion
the fighters are getting ready to make
their ring walk now in front of a sold
out theater at Madison Square Garden
Lopez
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
all smiles is the 25 year old at tiafimo
Lopez 18-1 as a Pro 13 Kos
the WBO number one mandatory Challenger
making his way through the crowd here at
the theater phones out
every seat filled tonight
[Applause]
[Music]
you will hear some booze tonight
closer to home as there has been quite a
presence for The Tartan tornado this
week
and at the weigh-ins yesterday and
indeed tonight here in the theater
before
[Music]
you can't help but think about the last
time
step through these ropes in the theater
at Madison Square Garden it was the only
blemish on his record a losing effort to
George camposis Jr
[Music]
back in the same building now looking to
become a two division world champion
I will say I will say this to you though
when was the last time you've seen Teo
people walk first in a fight yeah
probably against the silly lomachenko
that might have been the last top yeah I
thought he was last one
[Music]
and that wasn't a bubble and I didn't
get to see it myself I'm still upset
that that didn't get the proper audience
that it should now time for the champion
The Tartan tornado Josh Taylor
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Josh Taylor 32 years old 19-0 as a
professional 13 in knockouts
wearing the kit inspired by his Idol
International Boxing Hall of Famer and
the Undisputed King in the two belt era
back in 1971 King Kenneth Buchanan he
had mine many times here at Madison
Square Garden
Josh Taylor wanting to pay homage to him
tonight with a kit that is similar to
the one that Kenny wore when he fought
here at Madison Square Garden the same
style of jacket did the name in white
just like Kim Buchanan just a different
Tartan print the Taylor tartan
glad and you can hear the crowd now
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah
many have come here and support
of Josh Taylor friends family of course
we saw his wife Danielle this week
and it's all for this moment right here
ladies and gentlemen welcome inside the
world's most famous arena we're in the
theater here at Madison Square Garden
this is boxing this is top rank
presented by Hall of Fame boxing
promoter Mr Bob arum brought to you this
evening by Boost Mobile money is Power
by AutoZone get in the Zone by Bud Light
the official beer of celebrations and by
DraftKings Sportsbook download the app
today we are sanctioned by the New York
State athletic Commission Executive
Director Kim sunler director of boxing
Matt delagrio your physicians at
ringside Dr Sherry Belmonte Dr Avery
Brown Dr Richard Chang Dr Jennifer
galjul and Dr Mike Lenahan your time
Keepers this evening Lisa Mendez Yvonne
Williams your judges at ringside Steve
Gray Joe Pasquale and benue Sam and the
Man In Charge at the sound of the Bell
Mr Michael Griffin and now to everyone
in attendance here inside the theater at
Madison Square Garden this bout is
scheduled for 12 rounds for the WBO and
ring man magazine Junior winter late
championships of the world and as always
this is boxing this is Top Rank and uh
baby
this is the main event
[Applause]
blue corner
he weighed in at 140 pounds hit from so
blue with white his record 18 victories
with only one defeat 13 victories coming
by way of knockout he is a 2016 Olympian
he is the former Ring magazine Lydia wva
[Applause]
he is the current WBO number one Junior
welterweight Contender from Brooklyn New
York
you'll take
the trainers
[Applause]
introducing out of the Red Corner
he weighed in at
139.8 pounds
his trunks tartan
the 2012 Olympian his record perfect 19
fights 19 victories 13 of those
victories coming by way of knockout
in 2021 he became the Undisputed
champion of the world
having never tasted defeat he is still
the reigning and defending WBO and Ring
magazine Junior
[Applause]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
protect yourselves at all times touch
gloves now man we're both develop God
bless you both
Michael Griffin the third man ended the
ring tonight
scheduled for 12 rounds in the junior
welterweight the division the WBO and
the lineal World Championship the Ring
Magazine on the line Christina poncher
and Jamal Herring here with you from the
theater at Madison Square Garden
I know you can feel it Jamal Harry
yes guys both are shaking out their legs
a little bit look at Josh's Facebook he
is looking directly in the direction of
tiafimo Lopez and now a lot of questions
will be answered
the Southpaw Tartan tornado
Josh Taylor in The Tartan trunks taking
on the Takeover tiafimo Lopez
this is the fourth Southpaw opponent for
TP mobiles and the second consecutive
Center Martine who we fought in the big
room at Madison Square Garden in
December also also South Park for a nice
little good two-piece combination from
Tio FEMA Lopez just a moment ago and
speed on the display nice nice Jack and
Taylor
[Music]
[Applause]
you want to get that Lead Foot Right on
the outside to establish that
position you'll see them step on their
feet too quite a bit and this already
happened
looks to land his right hand and I will
forewarn you we are sitting close to the
blue corner and you will hear the voice
of tiafimo's father in the mic you'll
hear that picture quite a bit yeah we
will have Junior
um non-officially commentator for this
fight as well
yeah right goodbye Taylor with the left
hand
oh there we go here we go I see it turns
it on here early in round one
and that's what Taylor's gonna do a lot
um he's gonna make a rope that's his
thing even though he can box he can make
a rough in it and be effective when he
wants to
going back to the Jack boom nice job
nice job from Tanner
[Applause]
his career was to George camposis in
this very same building nice little
sneaky undercut from montia Lopez
body
[Applause]
Michael Griffin quickly mentioning to
Taylor to listen to his commands as he
moves forward with that lead right hand
jab in the South Pole Position and they
say this fight wasn't perfect that's
body shot there from Taylor see a cut
on Lopez I think his nose he's the nose
down
fire foreign
[Applause]
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
for the first time I've built into Joe
McNally in the corner and now here's the
look at two female Lopez's Warner his
father
[Music]
gonna get him all right
[Music]
let's figure him out
oh I wish we could hear more of the
corners versus the music because you
know what these guys are saying to their
Fighters is so valuable we'll try our
best to bring you some of that natural
sound from each Corner as we get in
between these rounds here round two
[Applause]
[Applause]
another one
you can see the speed of two female
Lopez as he gets
faded Taylor in there to that Jab
that's one thing I can't say though that
their speed has not is not far from
leaving them is not leaving until he was
Arsenal anytime soon I'll give him that
yes
but Jonathan right now he's still sharp
he's he's focused
he's coming he's trying to work that jab
more yeah he had a good first round yeah
there you go we're going staying with
the Jab
pushing to imply that counterfeit with
the front foot
oh the shot got in there and Taylor's
holding a bit as they evaporated yeah
[Applause]
probably football balance but yeah the
shot did get in
all right
softball the head yeah the hands gotta
wash the hands
[Applause]
[Music]
the body shot from Taylor
two-piece coverage
[Applause]
Taylor looking to answer down low to the
body
and land that left hand
[Applause]
where both Fighters had a lot of Trash
Talk leading up to this fight and said
that look it's not personal but this
person I mean you can it's almost
palpable isn't it yeah the way that
these two guys have you know the
animosity between them that is built and
the way they've came out from the
opening bound and you didn't expect
anything less Taylor telling us we'll
see who ends up in the back of an
ambulance at the end of this fight
though I will say this though if it's
not personal amongst the two men is
definitely personal within their careers
respectfully like Josh Taylor feels like
he you know people are counting him out
after his last fight and Teo and t.o.c
motor feels pretty much just the same
yeah they both have some
things they want to put to rest after
this fight
considering their respective last
performances
much closer around there round two
they both have a chip on their shoulder
for sure
without a doubt
[Applause]
let's take a look at an exchange here
towards the end of the round
nice little nice little lateral movement
from Taylor to hop over hop over to his
right land that sneaky shot then there's
a little trash talking from Taylor I
mean Why Stop Now yeah right
[Applause]
Josh Taylor when we spoke to him
yesterday about
in this fight and there's that nice hook
uh he said you know that two people's
wild in there that he loses
concentration he gave him props for his
athleticism his speed his power but you
know I think the key for Josh Taylor and
it's something that uh Joe spoke about
and Declan as well is just we need to be
aggressive but clever at the same time
have educated aggression I guess Tia
female Lopez and I think that was a
great sound bite that's when the ring IQ
plays in you got to be smarter than him
round three scheduled for 12. Christina
poncher and Jamel Herring here on the
call
oh and see if evil gave a little push
don't do that
and Michael Griffin's gonna need to get
a hold of this real quick
I get both of these guys focused it
ain't personal
it ain't personal
uh Josh is crazy
it's a fight it's a fight
oh nice sneaky shot there plans for Tia
pivo with a slip
the forward momentum kind of carrying
him over there
um Lopez
and you can see that there's a lot
coming Behind These punches
we can hear it we can hit it the impact
whether the elbow or glove we can hear
it
nice nice left hand from Taylor this
and typically he has to watch out for
telling those clinches because remember
in the clinch John Cena got that sneaky
uppercut that pin Jose Ramirez down and
he almost slipping a little sneaky
uppercut a few moments ago with this as
well and then another shot when it was
looking like they were gonna break it
yeah that's what he does the half step
back and boom I said he gets you
but that's why you have to be
alert at all times protect yourself at
all times
oh good shot there gets them for Taylor
another one in the counter a little
swelling I think coming up on the
Taylor's right eye though
I could be wrong a little bit yeah
nice on right hand Lopez Bathroom Body
[Applause]
underneath both eyes throughout the span
of his career hasn't he Louisiana
that's worse right well some of them are
over I just mean on his eyes I'm not
specific to under
hi
nice comment from taylordale
[Applause]
nice combination from Lopez
thank you
oh yeah break them up please break them
up
and a little dance from see people Lopez
as he makes his way to the corner
as we are three rounds into our
scheduled 12-round world championship
fight taking a look at the comedy box
numbers through three rounds two people
Lopez has thrown 110 111 punches now
[Music]
and landed 28 a ghost Josh Taylor has
thrown 88 punches and landed 29 so
they've both landed about the same
amount of punches just more has been
thrown for see if evil Lopez will be
landing above 25 as well listen to a
fight it's a good bicycle
[Music]
almost to the ropes and here's that
little sneaky shackle
that was for the comment on the kills no
if you guys had to be holding it
that was for that dig earlier in the
week no
don't disrespect the kill round four
[Applause]
what are you liking so far to say I love
how they both come out please and all
right especially Josh Taylor just now
just came out just as a rip and here
comes Tio people Lopez without the
beginning yeah yeah not the beginning of
the round folks they just come out
strong
left hand landed there for Taylor and a
counter with a counter Hook from Lopez
double jab Taylor
some body shot score
[Applause]
the both of them were very really
aggressive I'll tell you that sir I
can't tell you who's aggressive this one
today both they both have aggression
clearly
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
all right
okay that's a problem from Lopez
Taylor looking to answer to some of
these big shots but the last 30 seconds
minute has been do you female Lopez who
seems to be finding his rhythm more so
here in round four nice dab again
you you know you know what a fighter hit
you with a good body shot when the
opponent tries to come back with a buy
shot of himself Joshua throw a right
hook to the body but it it just missed
Tio female Lopez by a couple of inches
he's in with the big right hand from
Lopez and that good answer with the
straight right from Taylor
his job now
oh nice two-part commission to your Puma
Lopez there he timed that one perfectly
and I will say this you know what I like
with that Chipmunks is doing every time
you feel that Joshua is ready to attack
will come forward with this dude take a
step back and take some and takes a lot
around the ring
oh oh
great round for Tio from the Lopez
the best round of the fight so far for
Tia female
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah but that was just a tangle of the
people no I mean I mean he's not wrong
in terms of um allowing to you from
Lopez to arrest at times because you see
Teo people will sit back and wait even
now he'll sit back and wait and now he's
playing the counter punches before in
the interviews two people and Lopez gave
credit to Josh Taylor being the
encounter the counter punch it but he's
making Josh be the aggressor in this
fight
and feeding off whatever Joshua does
and he's turning his back
[Applause]
but you can't turn around and turn your
back
I guess anyone in there
[Applause]
looking for the right hand after their
eclipse
[Applause]
not really throwing that jab hand
s goodbye
from Taylor
[Applause]
Here Comes Taylor
nice little pivot to the side before
Taylor through that left hand I like
that
[Applause]
there's a spider going the way that you
thought that it was going to go through
the first time honestly is actually more
entertaining besides all the trash
talking within the ring like you you
we're getting a good showcasing of
two highly skilled fighters in the ring
and I'm I'm actually impressed to see
what Tio Pima Lopez does everything he's
been going through building up to this
fight but again Josh Taylor is
definitely game
[Applause]
coming into the fight so far I mean he's
he's more than holding his own
against the lineal WBO Junior
welterweight world champion Josh Taylor
[Applause]
I just I was just like to put on but
Taylor at least to implement Implement
more um faints because to your female
Lopez as he's sitting back and he's
crappy and he has still has power to him
I don't want to see Taylor get hit with
a big shot because you know he's being
careless and he's trying to be too
aggressive
and you can't see the difference in the
hand speed on this foot yeah Lopez has
been a little sharp and quicker with
this combinations so far but Taylor has
definitely been more aggressive with his
coach as well
you're not fainting enough you're not
busy enough
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
is trying to counter everything
Lopez telling us that we're going to see
a slick boxing exhibition please go my
way I want to just boxes father I said
it we're going to box the brakes off
this guy kind of have been quote around
but he's done a little bit of both he's
moving around the outside and show him
some slick boxing but he's also stood in
there and throwing chops like that
with Taylor Taylor
so far definitely is his um control
patrolling this round his first 30
seconds
[Applause]
Corner telling him don't hesitate don't
hesitate for right now I mean you want
to see him at least you know keep
popping that jab out there I know it's
not always as effective when you're
fighting it as a southpawed Orthodox
fighter I know it's not as effective of
a shot but you could tell this corner is
wants him to keep throwing that shot but
it can be if he uses lateral Movement by
you know Taylor's going the wrong way if
they use that jab go to your go to your
right go to your right and box he turn
him just like that just keep turning
them because you're lying to your people
up with your left hand offensively by
Keith Cunningham he's like that now he
lands a good shot just Taylor and see
female looks to hold him well action
resumes
again now
[Applause]
see right now this this is where I'm
pretty sure Johnston is almost on the
beat first
[Applause]
girl and I would say I expected Taylor
to be a bit you know a bit more
aggressive than we've seen in the last
couple of rounds
I understand the the you know educated
worker and that was something that they
were going for thank you but there's
moments where you know I would like to
see him be first I mean but yeah he has
been aggressive easily he's like again
he usually stops off the rounds like
that but I know what you mean like you
like moments like this when he needs to
turn it back up I understand but again
when you're in there with somebody
you're in there with another highly
class fight in it you got to be smart
with your approach you know you don't
want to rush everything
yeah
have firsthand knowledge of that as we
get a pause in the action for a low blow
[Applause]
ing okay all right ready to go
okay wait a second time in box guys it's
under 20 seconds left in the round now
oh
Lopez followed by the body shot with the
left hand from the CEO for right hand
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
nice little nice little tip
get out the way your husband look over
his shoulder where's he throwing at
you see the blood coming from that yeah
that cut though you gotta take care of
that cut though
[Music]
okay
[Music]
[Music]
he is dancing around the ring now
feeling good
hey you guys think fuzzy though this is
Josh telling now this is hey but that is
we've always seen it but will you I'd
rather see that at the end of the fight
don't do it right now don't don't make
that man mad we're halfway through the
beginning of the seventh round now
[Applause]
the WBO and Ring magazine World
Championships
[Applause]
Lopez's Corner thing let's go out muscle
him
looks to land that right hand down to
the body
Josh says you got code um a little
sneaky left hook there for a moment ago
that's not me being a little bit too
over aggressive at times he has to set
up for defense because Tio Primo Lopez
is just sitting back waiting he's just
waiting
right now he's waiting see
[Applause]
Lopez gets in a right hand there
for a second once again the crowd has
risen up to their feet
[Applause]
from Taylor
I was just about to say you know Taylor
can you hit because you know he's
getting he's getting counted with that
with that left with their left hook from
Lopez but he answered right back in the
zone and another one
there from Taylor
[Applause]
's shots have come though one at a time
yeah they haven't been thrown or
connected in a series of shots as in a
combination it's really been a big left
hand here it is yeah
I mean they're like say we see him
clearly Landing but I get it like we
need more of it we need more of it
especially when you got a guy like to
you female Lopez where how he finesses
You by you know throwing punches of you
know punches and bunches
thank you
but just even after the left-hand if he
just came back to a jab
[Applause]
s
from that shot from csmo
this shot gets in from the right and a
left hand
at the end of that round pop Taylor man
nothing more balanced and that could be
the second Factor who won that round but
the judges at least that was a nice
Parting Shot there from Taylor yeah
excuse me from
that shot
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
thank you
[Music]
he's lived up to to his word and
it's delivered
their right hand was beautiful so far
but yeah like you said being able to
pull it all together to pull it together
with a couple good shots here to start
round eight
and Josh Taylor's definitely definitely
any to win it oh that's
[Applause]
what adjustment do you think could be
made from Taylor here I think I think
Josh is doing he's doing a lot of good
things right but you can't just like you
can't just walk in there you can't just
walk in like he just attempted he almost
got caught there but again
um you know start throwing some things
because to your female Lopez is waiting
for you to come through the front door
just like that
Lopez
[Applause]
but it goes what you what you were
saying earlier we're on with Josh Taylor
at times he'll throw one hand and then
it might land and it might be a good
shot but it's just not enough
[Applause]
and he slips in a left hand there to the
body of gfema Lopez the referee wants
him to keep him up but it'll look like
no you write shots like but look like
also teach them kind of like jumped into
that shot a bit so I wouldn't say that
you know Josh was intentionally trying
to go low
[Applause]
that leap
and he got his head right off the line
in time for that left hand that was
coming from home
a location a big shot Lance fertility
people takes it well
great great shot from both individuals
another left hand to the body from
Taylor beautiful exchanges here from
both Fighters one minute left here in
round eight
and both give a little shimmy back and
forth things are definitely heating up
good fight good fight the most clean
punches of the fight for both Fighters
landed in the last minute of this round
good bodies their bodies after Marlon
Lopez
[Applause]
action's been a little messy because
they've been so close yeah but you see
that little sneaky on the uppercut from
Lopez a minute ago
thanks
I like how I like how to tell everyone
oh jump right into that shot just picked
him right off with the left hand
his dad loves it oh yeah
because he can sense that his son has
found something that's working for him
the most clear round of the fight there
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
that boy look at Charlotte tonight
a little sneaky it's like a little trick
she might you think he's playing or he's
thinking showboing and Bam he'll just
come out of nowhere
with a burst of energy
you know Josh Taylor has to you know
just to remain focus
of the champion he is that he is a
champion you just have to stay focused
all three minutes of the round
TLP Lopez is a very deceptive fighter in
there
well I think sometimes too how Taylor
starts the round and gets out ahead I
think finishes it yeah you're kind of
wondering what that Lasting Impression
is in that round yeah and again that
goes there goes in terms of like a big
place like this that kills things kind
of swayed the judges at times
[Applause]
foreign
[Applause]
when Josh Taylor Falls in that beat
oh nice sneak not a sneaky down to the
body then back up top Taylor answers
with the right hand
nice little nice little Jack over the
shoulder Josh telling you something a
moment ago finally with the right hand
from GOP Lopez and now they're trying to
sneak in The Advocate and the avocado
coming from because Josh Taylor is too
eager to get it on the inside that he's
jumping into Harm's Way
Lopez
[Applause]
Justice
Taylor now briefly switching to Orthodox
and then back into a southpaw dance
as he pushes forward there lands a nice
jab with the right hands
again jonathaniel is definitely she's
definitely game was definitely pushing
it and definitely trying
he just put it together put together and
be smart
nice from from Taylor love Alara
movement get on the outside jobs keep
going on the outside
nice combination from Tio Primo Lopez
there following right hand
another right hand another one
[Applause]
when that hand speed is something else
right now yes it is and that is giving
Taylor the biggest problems in this
fight the speed differential
Taylor
body shine big body shot there for Lopez
[Applause]
balance
I mean that's probably the more the
clearer
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
see Josh Taylor still you know sitting
in the corner usually every every second
and he's trying to kind of rally him up
all right
I'm not no no no
third one in the morning until this
corner about the time that we're taking
in between the fight excuse me in
between the rounds as we start round 10.
nice job from Taylor
oh nice right hand another one to start
round 10.
incredible Jackson Taylor
[Music]
Taylor looking to score with that right
hand
I think I think overall Uptown scores
for Taylor I think overall like for Josh
for Josh Keller he should um focus more
on boxing instead of like being so eager
to get tsp but you can see tiffan was
waiting for him to Lunge at him and what
happens every time he hit the
combination or a nice sharp counter but
I think if Josh Taylor actually just
uses his his height and his reach it
just box a bit to collect himself he
could probably be a little bit more
effective
[Applause]
because there's not so much it's not so
much of what Tia Prima Lopez is really
doing is the fact that Josh Taylor is
giving to your female Lopez
opportunities to um catch him in spots
[Applause]
from taking advantage of those things
[Applause]
Taylor inching forward closer to two
people trying to use their space but
there we go finally left his left hand
go blocked by Lopez
but he got the right idea back him up
back him up but be smart don't jump in
use your ring use your reach
walks right into a right hand there yeah
[Applause]
he does stuff like that he he opens
himself up I get it he wants to get to
him his man but he has to just be just
be smarter and patient
just like that nice little left hand
from Josh Taylor left hand score between
the guard of Lopez
down to the body
[Applause]
no he he took a step back and threw a
body shot
good defense Lopez
he is such a good hook there and he's
looking to land the left hand there he
goes
landed there for a minute clinches
[Applause]
double jab from Taylor something we
haven't seen in a while swings wildly
with that left hand though
thank you
[Music]
okay did you see what I'm saying listen
to me still too many shingles laying it
on the inside drop the levels
Nice Shot nice shot from Ted from Lopez
it's been the right hand it's been the
right hand all night
and this little [ __ ] they're slick
they're slick the shot punches
combination punches and just basically
thought you know he's basically been
throwing Johnson off balancing off his
game all night just just by staying
composed and being slick impatient
[Applause]
is kind of taking you know Scotland out
of the fight in this building so far I
think that's a fair assessment every
time the crowd has been loud or you've
seen them come to their feet it's went
to your female Lopez has had a uh Glory
a rally if you will and I will say this
[Applause]
looks better tonight against the better
opposition in Josh Taylor than he did in
his last fight another softball against
undero Martine he's up to his game
tonight okay and that's what happened
that's what kind of happens you're
trying to fight it included including
went on Josh Taylor like he put it out
with the camera fight he was too busy
looking ahead and wasn't you know he
didn't think that the competition as
much but when some at times when
Fighters get in there with her man
that's just as sharp and scooping his
little skillful as them they stimul to
the plate
[Applause]
these are the championship rounds here
Jamal rounds 11. rounds 12. can see if
IMO Lopez do not to walk away with World
title tonight and become a two Division
World Champion Orwell Taylors
take those belts back to Scotland and
remain the lineal nwbo Junior
welterweight world champion slick
um
thank you pointed out we had any doubts
or any questions he's he's certainly
answering them right now
nice counter
and you know the resume of Josh Taylor
and the guys that he spotted this
division 140 pounds those questions
about how Tia female would line up with
those guys and I've seen he's giving
them as good of a fight as any of them
yeah
especially the way he's performing
tonight
I'm more confident in him I mean it's
not over but I feel a lot more confident
him moving forward in this division from
the way he's been looking tonight
[Applause]
good Champion Josh Taylor
good body shop body goes Lopez
again again
in the chin
but it wasn't uppercut
he wanted to overcome
[Applause]
all right
I mean have you been able to really feel
like Taylor has gone into much of a
rhythm in this episode
sitting here thinking about him being in
control and being a rhythm and being
loose and I have not I don't feel that
same that feeling from from Taylor
[Laughter]
he's trying to hold a bit now because
his legs do not look steady here 10
seconds he's fighting down to the body
goes Lopez Taylor holds
and Christina if you're going back to
what you just said just a moment ago you
know what I'm getting from this fight
remember when Josh Taylor fought Jose
and Ramirez and Josh Taylor was saying
that he wanted to get into Ramirez's
head for Ramirez to be aggressive in
that fight I'm kind of getting the same
thing in this bike but now it's just the
balls have flipped and it seems like
Josh Taylor had like something that's
going on in his head that tear people
made it may have said or done and now
he's being too old
I mean he's capable of doing a lot yeah
well let's take a look at some of the
shots here uh I mean this beautiful
counter shot where and then he slips
under the shot of Taylor and uppercut
yeah all night
number two
[Applause]
this is the 12th and the final round in
this world championship fight
down to the body with the left hand goes
Taylor
these guys need to give it everything
they have right here do you female
Lopez has got to get and take it from
the champ the champ has to show what got
him here in the first place
exactly
and I figured I was supposed to be hard
to crowd chatot so that should give you
a good assessment how hot this fight's
been playing out
to Cheers
but it ain't over yet here comes Josh
Taylor
[Applause]
and Taylor once again is slightly
unsteady on his feet
every time he leaves it leads over to
his left he's loading up that hook again
[Applause]
he sees it he feels it and you can see
the if you're looking if you're looking
on a TV right now you can see the crowd
standing up on their feet
oh
a minute and a half to go
oh
Taylor hunched over briefly Taylor's
holding now
probably the first like real official
clinch without them you know being tied
up from the South Pole conventional
expenses but that's the first real
clinch of this fight in my opinion or
one that I've seen in a long time Lopez
has thrown over 150 more punches and has
landed at a 30 clip in this fight
35 shots to the body
a minute to go
great great great action great action
but again I'm surprised to see this from
Tia FEMA Lopez great stuff
we answered a lot of questions tonight
we don't know how the decision is going
to turn out anybody thought he was going
to look mentally unstable in the ring he
absolutely did not hit me he may have
heard you because you said decision I
don't think he wants to go through a
decision right now
20 seconds left
oh he tags Taylor again the crowd is on
their feet great fight great fight
10 seconds to go
will we hear and new has tiafimo Lopez
done enough as he jumps to the corner or
will the scorecards go in the favor of
Taylor body language says anything yeah
Taylor walks solemnly to tiafimo Lopez
for that Embrace and he gave his respect
he gave him I love that though I love
the fact that they both sold respect for
each other oh that's what that's all the
counting here Taylor's trainers now
lifted Josh up on his shoulders to make
a walk around the ring
this one is going to go to the
scorecards here at the theater at
Madison Square Garden it is in the
judge's hands now
did the champ do enough tonight
spray question or will to you female
Lopez becomes a two division world
champion
[Applause]
let's take a look at some highlights yes
yes the highlights that right hand
that right hand was on point all night
from Top Lopez
bam
slips out the way offense like we always
say offense defense offense deep and
then you see the side relief
[Applause]
I think that in that moment when he put
his hands up see a female felt like he
knows that he had done enough tonight
but he put on a performance movie of
having his hands raised and and is it
safe to say about the place it is safe
to say though from both of us watching
his career over the years that is
probably one of his best if not his best
performance outside of lomachenko well
and the thing for me too is that he
finished strong as well he finished the
round yeah and he finished the fight
strong exactly that's what that's my
point because in the in the lomachego
fight he kind of died down in the in
those mid to late rounds yeah Loma had
that rally until yeah to the 12th he
needed that round and then
but this fight he was very consistent on
his approach from start to finish if
anything he he turned it up over there
as the rounds went by
I just felt like Josh Taylor tonight
just couldn't get his rhythm and you
know he and he just he just couldn't you
know break the code of Tia female Lopez
Tonight Joshua is still a great fight in
his own right but you know I don't I
don't know I just don't know
[Applause]
I just thought I was gonna see a little
bit more in terms of the uh the pressure
from from Josh Taylor tonight no I think
he did great on the pressure though yeah
but with the amount of punches being
thrown I mean to you female let's look
at the coffee box numbers now while the
judges are still telling him to score
fries 515 total punches from CF emo 341
from Josh Taylor
see if [ __ ] landed 40 of his body shots
to 31 of the body shots for Taylor
39 shots to the body for see a female
the coffee box numbers do not tell the
entire story of a fight I I completely
understand that they gave you an idea
they give you an idea they give you an
idea folks
40 of the power punches landed that's
crazy
Mark Chinook is in the ring now I
believe he has the judges scorecards
tallied up so we'll hear the scores from
the judges and then we'll get
some interviews and show some more
highlights but again a nice show of
respect from both of these men neither
one of them on their back on the
scratcher tonight yeah thank God nobody
was no close to Deaths none of that mess
none of that garbage just classic boxing
[Applause]
and more importantly they showed each
other respect and mutual love at the end
of that fight that's all that matters
[Applause]
and there's a smile finally from from
Josh Taylor I was
I was waiting
oh he was smaller yeah was going to to
be you know what I mean you're you're
the champ
[Applause]
foreign
Josh Taylor undefeated a spectacular
resume this is 20th professional fight
will that all remain or will to you
female the Takeover Lopez improve his
professional record now to 19 wins and
become a two Division World Champion and
in his mind Undisputed twice because he
truly does feel that Josh Taylor is the
lineal Undisputed champion because he
never lost without his belts absolutely
also and and also um
to ask you a question
do you think that it was the right move
for this type of fight but um Taylor the
change trainers from Ben Davidson though
I'm not sure because I don't really know
what that relationship between them
right was was like when he obviously
felt like he needed a change he said of
course that this was the best weight cut
the best training camp he feels the best
that he's been so yeah I would say that
it was the right group maybe the game
plan needed some adjusting right but I
don't think that having that man in his
Corner in the chemistry right I get it I
get it and I wish I could hear more
honestly yeah right yeah that was like I
wish we could have seen more and then
they have
[Applause]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
until you make the decision
I don't know what's going on with this
okay
[Applause]
I'm getting worried that we were waiting
for the network here in the states who
went to a commercial break before the
decision is being announced so that is
the delay but here's a look at those
numbers I was telling you about before
the compubox numbers but the amount of
punches thrown and landed these are
power punches to be specific you see
that 40 clip I mentioned here's Martian
ladies and gentlemen after 12 rounds
here inside the theater at Madison
Square Garden we go to the judges
scorecards for the official decision
[Music]
Steve Gray scores about 115 113. Joe
basquale scores about 115 113. and
Benoit Hussein scores about 117 111. for
your winner by unanimous decision
and new WBO video
[Applause]
great great performance great and the
new the Takeover Tia vimo Lopez 19 and
one now as a professional and is now the
WBO and Ring magazine world champion at
135 pounds 140. oh my goodness I just
had a flashback of him winning the
titles at 35. 140. hey you proved now
listen it listen in you disrespecting
boxing right now what kind of [ __ ] is
that hey tail Prima hold on we're on the
network right now you you last time you
were in this ring you questioned whether
you had it or not what did you prove
tonight
what did you prove tonight after
questioning whether you had it or not
last time you were in this ring listen I
just want to thank God first
um he has given me this glorified win
I'm so thankful right now
um
it's been a long time a long time coming
we just beat the number one rank guy
number one Champion linear world
champion Josh Taylor former Undisputed
world champion
two-time Undisputed world champion two
female Lopez
you talked about how you were
comfortable with southpaws how were you
able to decipher Josh Josh
I do want to say one thing I think I let
my emotions get the best of me I do not
want to take your life I want you to go
back to your family my man and I
apologize as a man all right I'm getting
so fun again
yeah yeah yeah
walk me through how you were able to
decipher a southpaw stance and be so
dominant tonight
um you know Josh Taylor man he's a tough
dude man and um I can see why he beat so
many fighters but you gotta you gotta
counter the counter puncher you gotta
you gotta outsmart the man and and get
in there you know and I did that I think
I think it I think I did enough and this
is what it's all about I I question
myself for a good reason you guys don't
understand I've always been my worst
critic and you guys got a little glimpse
of it but I just gotta ask you one thing
and one thing only do I still got it
[Applause]
you talked about going back to being
Gordo tonight explain to the fans what
that means uh sick boxing Gordo man
if they know you know so um this is all
what it is man uh I'm so grateful it was
just all about fixing what we needed to
that's why I don't leave my coach I
trusted him a lot and I knew there was
something going on and God showed us the
tools that we needed to bring back slick
box of Gordo and we won tonight before I
go to Josh I want to ask you one thing
you hold the belts now hey you hold he
wants to do it again you hold the belt
though who do you want next at 140
pounds uh really what my next battle is
actually in court for my son
who I'm gonna fight next and um you know
to my son Liam yet he loves you so much
I told you Punchy Punchy punchies thank
you very much still female Josh if we
could have a word with you really quick
Josh
I gotta get to Josh Josh
tonight
first loss of your professional career
what happened Hey listen No Excuses um
wasn't my best but listen Better Man one
on the night so I've got no excuses I'll
prepare to the best of my ability
so amazing in the gym felt brilliant you
know so no excuses just he was better on
the night tonight so yeah it is what is
for congratulations to Teo Fimo honey I
thought it was a close favorite lesson
not one Seventeen One Eleven was way
through front so I love to do it again
I'd love to do it again with them uh
definitely know about that and I know I
can beat him so yeah I would love to do
it again but he's the champ so the
ball's in his cut February 2022 was the
last time you stepped into the ring the
layoff did that have anything to do with
it or was it all to your female tonight
no the layoff had nothing to do with
um
I've got no excuses you know just uh he
was better on the night
um you know so I think probably I'll
probably most likely be moving up to
late well now um but you know that notes
because she seems a bit of mountaineer
I've noticed because she's so well done
19 times you've come away though Victor
as a gentleman today you've done the
same thank you very much Josh so we sent
it to you
respect to both of those athletes who
stepped in the ring tonight but I think
you said it best a throwback a vintage
performance tonight from Tio vimo Lopez
and some scorecards that were maybe a
little bit closer than you and I thought
with the 115 113 two times meaning only
one round separating through the 117 111
card maybe 116 112. yeah but let's take
a look back at how tea of emo got this
one done tonight I mean early Josh
Taylor was off
really good strong sharp fast but over
time Tio FEMA Lopez I get you know you
say he got the timing of Joshua Taylor's
Rhythm and pace and then he just after
that
there were some rough moments early on
some warnings for low blows and
clinching and hitting on things that
were looking like a break but overall it
was tiafimo who kind of got the gears in
motion and clicking on all cylinders
early and I just never felt that that
Rhythm tonight uh from from Josh Taylor
and he showed that he had the more
dominant hand speed Landing beautiful
shots
um like that and Taylor was just never
really able to put it all together and
he made no excuses did hint on the fact
that he may be heading north to 147
pounds after running so much time
roughly so guys I think that that's been
long overdue anyway in terms of Josh
Taylor he was just squeezing down to 140
as long as possibly can he still put up
a great effort tonight just came up
short but I wouldn't be mad at 147.
now Jose Ramirez is in the uh ring now a
potential Suitor for cfimo Lopez but
nonetheless a lot of options he's the
man at the division now with those
worlds titles I mean a fight against Pro
gray would be great there's a lot of
good opportunities boxing's in a gorilla
good spot right now and those fights are
being made and that's the most important
thing so everyone that's tuned in to
watch us around the world for our
production crew in the truck my producer
and director Marty Corwin my broadcast
partner tonight great job Jamil Herring
great job we'll do it again soon I'm
Christina pancher we're signing off now
from the theater at Madison Square
Garden and the new the Takeover tiafimo
Lopez is now the junior welterweight WBO
and lineal world champion
[Music]
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
listening
