[Music]
what's going on you guys this is game
and we are here with our very special
guest who came all the way across the
pond to think that's how you say it
go ahead and introduce yourself in some
guys from EAP Feldman's efficiency
probably earning he probably needs no
introduction but Dan was in Seattle and
Michaela wanted to connect with him so
we are here in its hotel room and we're
kind of hungry yeah so what we did is
we've spent the day in Seattle going
around you know Pike Place like doing
some fun stuff and we found this built
you know fusion restaurant called
using all the stupid it says jeepney oh
yeah
chimney Capitol Hill and we're super
excited we've never tried it before but
we've got what better times than to have
dinner with us to try it out so and if
you guys follow Dan you know he's all
about the Filipino food he loves it dan
what is like your favorite like Filipino
food would you say I think those who do
follow me know that to see now is like
absolute heavens like a me okay well
that's fine let's let's see let's see
what we got in here
we'll go ahead and pull out I think this
is Dan's right here dan you want to tell
us you want to tell us what you ordered
this is kind of a she said Harry right
what did you what did you order
rice with yeah oh no I was expecting
like yeah we were just like oh your
chili carrot boy any idea underneath all
the slaw is to see no I think from what
the description that we read from the
restaurant it is rice with pork Casino
on top and then a slaw oh wait you gotta
wait for a thing that looks pretty good
so that looks
I will open our next one so our next one
guys this is this is really this is
really interesting because because we
pulled up we were looking at the menu
we were scanning it and then we see the
Sam use which is like a sandwich and
then under that it says adobo sandwich
so me and Kayla we're already like okay
there's we have to it's it's it's like
we don't have a choice but it was I'm
not gonna lie it was really weird like
them asking me what I wanted and it was
really weird saying I'll take the adobo
sandwich but I'm excited yeah I feel
like it's for eating ourselves casino
spuds which is exactly what it sounds
like
looks like there's to see no on top of
some potatoes like feel like these
potatoes like this though yeah it looks
really good okay I don't really see a
sauce on there but I'm excited dan if
you want to you can do the honors if you
want they might expect this them to
taste very much done well I have no
answer for it right it's true can we all
take a bite of yours Dan in the show
kind of okay so I'm just gonna okay so
you're the rice is kind of deep down
there it's quite funny so I'm just gonna
grab a little bit of rice a little bit
of carrot okay this is mine and maybe we
all try to try it together yeah we
usually do he's like is this evening for
me you know be sure to saw the look on
your face it's a nice little Tommy dies
yeah he's getting a good night I like
how it's mixed with like sauce and
everything but anyways okay are you guys
ready
Cheers Justino rice three two this is
really only gonna do one tier 10 to 100
15 oh okay mmm
that's classic then like wit mixed with
that there's a little bit of jalapeno in
there I feel like that's gonna be that
perfect mix yeah I think it tastes
better when it's oh I'm love with after
Ross really really the management is
amazing mmm I really liked the sauce to
that and I liked the crunchiness from
the vegetables to it
yeah the carrots out of a nice like
sweetness nice play right didn't try
with a jalapeno how I was gonna say I
haven't tried to either are you a fan of
spicy food yeah I can I can tell though
I said okay well so what gets very good
yeah we're going to find out here yeah
jalapeno okay okay I'm gonna have to try
it after that I'm good
after that reaction I have to try it
okay it brings in like a whole new
dimension or your life is awesome
housing help you know I could just you
know I have to say I've never tried this
competition growing output mmm better
adds a little kind of freshness and then
that he kind of kicks in later on hmm
kind of so good so Dan when when was the
first time you tried to see no and and
why is it your favorite oh wow um my
first Philippines trip it was the hotel
breakfast I said there's a and then you
have choice am I just like the sound of
to see now and it has no vowels like
this okay so not the name I am did did
this because I mean you know it's like
anything any takeaway service you don't
really go by the name you go by what's
in it correct anyone can say anything
and I'm like that hmm this sounds really
good sounds like it's at my street yeah
tried it I absolutely loved it and I
think from then on I've kind of always
gone virtus you know whenever I see on a
mini somewhere I will always go for to
see notes or go to it's my go-to you're
going to it yeah I know them do you have
a lot of like sweet like meats in the UK
or anything like is it was it totally
foreign to you when you
I think part of the thing with casino is
that it's obviously told the marinade
isn't it so the meat yourself was to be
had in the UK but it's just what you do
with the meat that I think transforms
the flavour it's what you do with the
meat it's really forms the flavour guys
that's what it is you're here first so I
will explain a little bit of my dish as
you saw before it is
spuds and Casino so you can see like
we're starting out with some potatoes
you can see they're like pretty crunchy
little potatoes and then you have then
you have the Tofino in here which looks
amazing though I'm interested I'm
interested in the pairing because we've
had to seen it with rice in the
Philippines right all three of us have
and so I'm interested to see how it is
with potatoes because I feel like it's
gonna take on a totally different though
should we grab one with yeah potatoes
here with a potato or a spud potatoes a
lot of like a large piece of that and
what so would you call this a chip
because all right you need a big piece
of destinos of that they thought that I
call this a chip or a tater what would
you call would you call this the spider
what would you call that um I suppose
just like a shortened yeah but like a
nickname for potatoes all right so this
is to me is like a cuz I'm jacket potato
is basically you guys excited okay okay
are you guys ready yeah I'm ready three
two one
I like that well dance has it sauce so
this doesn't have a sauce but I thought
it was gonna be super weird having the
potato as a starch instead of a rice and
I'm actually digging it I feel like I
needed a sauce I think I have it drawn
the potato yeah I think having the sauce
and the long they would they I think
would be just make it a little bit
easier to go down I feel like I had like
a caramelized Casino so I feel like it
was that my meat was like juicy enough
but it went really well with my potato
but Gabe's just eating it all that's me
looks more appetizing mm-hmm but this
does I think for me taste better I think
because the said it did maybe it's
a so maybe I'm starting to enjoy it yeah
I never did you I really like vegetables
yeah I like vegetables yeah the potato
doesn't really absorb the flavor of the
- see now on the fat as much as the rice
so it's kind of like two separate
components that it doesn't harmonize as
well in my mouth as like destino and
rice but it's so good
I would I would work it if I was hungry
I would order that this fills you up
this will fill you up fast I like it I
love the crunch the potato and I like
the soft caramelized sweetness of the
meat and I feel like it goes really well
together so I love it
I'm gonna try goes No are you are you
gonna open it let me come on I chopped
it yeah
all right guys last but not least we
have the adobo sandwich which it's we
it's really weird to say Kayla I mean I
think of me and you and I think of a
dough sandwich but we haven't actually
never tried and it don't say never had
an adobo so are you like kind of a fraud
but that changes today
but did you know in the dermis someone's
actually existed before today there's I
think Jollibee actually had an adobo
sandwich they actually told us they made
one way back coin and we have some
restaurants but they don't make
I don't know why the inside they told
you that Michael Daniel no I really I'm
so cool jollibee if you're watching whoa
look at that look at that cross-section
look at that cross-section knows it's
all cut in half
look at that Phillip T oh I'd like sauce
I like to us so when I see sauce like
shooting out of this this will be ours
it's Emily tender my fingers all over it
yeah okay look at that
that looks at me though let's see what
this isn't here we have oh my goodness I
could just tell what a feel of it that
my don't look good but that oh my
goodness it has like onion it has oh
that's bright cilantro I would know what
it is it looks good and it smells
amazing does that look like cilantro
what is that it was some kind of green
sometimes I've heard of that oh my god
it's like a like parsley I feel great
about it
I can't yeah yeah do a little uh you
know what's that movie the movie with
the dogs in anyways leaving the trainee
on the
a little bit a lady in the action
okay I'll put it yeah yeah you know what
this be anything you know yeah okay so
we're gonna take a bite at the same time
here we go
okay random double sandwich guys this is
this is history right we're waiting here
all tag-team getting a real weird Derby
okay against 300 k 2 1 Oh pepper bread
oh my god yeah that's so good
mm-hmm I like the onion you know onion
zero is a primary ingredient in making
your dough boy dad's a nice sweetness
and a nice bridge so what do you think
Dan well I'm just trying to think what
it reminds no but in the UK we have like
hot pork sandwiches oh yeah basically
basically pour into a piece of bread
like this I think you'll see I'll make
your own beef sandwich applesauce yeah
wow that's a lot my dear isn't it say
that again see we have like shredded
pork so do you have like a whole pig
that's normally gone it's a good time
like a spit yeah and then you shred it
all and it served to you in a piece of
bread to have like pieces of pork yeah
and you have like gravy and applesauce
Wow which oh yeah 3d that's not near us
hmm
I've never heard of that Wow well you
are in for a treat if you ever get to
try that it's a it's a taste sensation
believe me but the problem with hot pork
sandwiches is that because it's shredded
meat it sticks in your teeth a lot but
this it doesn't it's pig it's cut up
it's all pretty much it is shredded
isn't it mm-hm but it doesn't really
stick in you too it's very tender
I know souls you know makes it right
it's really good
I feel like it's a perfect combo for
like introducing somebody into Filipino
cuisine because it gives the flavor of
adobo and you know usually adobo is
cooked with onions right it's normally
onions and garlic and yeah and I feel
like it's kind of like a a sweet little
intro into that but put on a sandwich
with sauce and cilantro I think that's
what's in there and it's amazing and
delicious all in all I feel like Padova
sandwiches are amazing yeah how come how
come this isn't like mainstream you know
how come we haven't had one before now
no how come you never tried applesauce
applesauce
I never you tried applesauce but not in
the sandwich tell me put my crime we saw
some turkey yes like no I could I've
never heard of it but I can see the yeah
you'll have it okay today you love it
all right guys we gotta try it
leave in the comments if you tried pork
with applesauce it is the same way
always party sandwich with applesauce
leave it in the comments below is that
with great weight with gravy Wow
it is all optional I'm stuffing as well
yeah yes I'm almost over the decide hey
a lot of people know
check to see now how is your American
accent you doing an American accent cuz
I'm gonna like me and Kayla like we talk
with British accents all the time just
just to play around cuz we think it
sounds cool
you're gonna have the coolest sounding
accents but do people from the UK copy
American accents like you know dude okay
let's I don't know why this is
interesting to me but can't can we hear
yours it's like Lenny what should he say
what should you say that's really a beer
I guess your accidents when you do
British accents you probably do like the
most Queen speaking languages how would
be a drink one thing like I was it how
about like I know what I would say what
would you say best hello my name is dan
from EMS all fair that's not fair you
guys are good you heard that over and
over again you've heard that over nor if
you were just in to conversate okay I
know my name is done let's go get the
car the carport
that's an Australian X okay and Ron
challenges you're on
would you like some tea crumpets how
does that I don't feel like it doesn't
sound like Dan it's not a big country
but we have so many agree that you can
drive like half an hour one any
direction and another half and beyond
that it's so different you can drive a
half an hour beyond that it's not it's
different
she thinks she thinks an Australian
accent is I said that's besides the
point
yeah I really want to hear your English
access America
I'm sorry yeah hi I'm Gabe and Kayla and
I'm fun adobo sandwich I live here in
Seattle I cannot drive at all because
the GPS is totally off
I cannot read in my mouth left and right
is pull all over the place but we had a
good day that was that was epic that
made my day that wait thank Gila it just
comes like weird just to say okay I have
to kind of say in sentence I guess okay
say oh maybe not yeah say hello hello
Kate not Tom dude I'm on the spot now
okay say Kayla Kayla that's those
regular American accent okay you know
Canada cannula okay there you go that
was better
sitting here Kayla no no even though our
alright this is Taylor can you tell her
it's hailing them up till I say
cowabunga
cowabunga say California in American
that was my berry you're pretty good at
America yeah yeah I want some uh films
overall you guys I probably will rate
this like Dan just first it to see no
rice and then the dobo sandwich second
and then that probably the casinos buds
third I mean what do you think killed um
dance is totally my favorite I love I
feel like this sauce and the jalapenos
and vegetables that crunch that fresh
crunch like really adds to dance so I
would probably pick dance first and then
I would pick the you dov'è say or second
and then this one third but I loved this
I really love this oh yeah like what
like the agenda Simon Jackson they go
hey wait thank you we appreciate it
they appreciated I feel like it's easy
to eat like if you have and
on the street wherever that's just easy
it's just a so : h web since you need
like a need you know a little bit more
portable you mix all this in and get the
benefit of all the rice with a to see no
lies eugenic with a lot of rice of the
box we enjoy doing this collaboration
with EAP film's official you know we got
to enjoy some good food we got to enjoy
the sights of Seattle Dania have you
like your stay here so far not found a
blast yeah good you got to come back
sometime anytime at any time don't
forget to like this video leave a
comment down below if you have any other
requests or suggestions for us or could
just want to say hi and don't forget to
subscribe
does that subscribe to Dan EAP films
[Music]
