we're here Chocolate Hills, Bohol.
these are the chocolate hills named this
way because they look like round pieces
of chocolate these hills are located in
the center of the Philippine island of
Bohol to get to bohol, have to take a
ferry from the nearby island of cebu
cebu city your ferry will get to a city
called Villa Rock it's just the port
city but it's a good place to stay
because the hole is so small you can get
around the island on a motorbike so
tourists get pulled over a lot for not
having an international driver's life
and usually you have to bribe the police
officer or you pay the ticket so usually
I have a helpmate that comes around but
this is what I have today
there's no hiding today wish me luck
today we're going to chokolate Hills on
it took about an hour now these are the
chocolate hills during the rainy season
they're green but during the dry season
they turn brown which is why they look
like chocolate
you can't really tell just looking
around but there's over 1,200 of these
hills the leaders might assume the
man-made but they're not the salaah were
the chocolate hills formed religion
habit that to chosen to battle in
ancient times a hold stones at each
other for days after many days of
fighting they grew tired and so they
made peace they don't collect the island
and the mess they made
legend also has it that a young giant
fellow from immortal girl when she died
he cried and cried until tears
but the most popular theory and my own
personal risk fav er --it the hills are
weathered karst formations that were
left behind after layers of soluble
bedrock eroded away during the process
of dissolution by rainfall surface water
and groundwater I'm going to go with the
giant tears theory bud you can believe
what you want
after the chocolate hills we wanted to
visit the tarsiers there the small
primates that live in this region of the
Philippines it was on the way back so we
were going to do it go into the tarsier
sanctuary where they keep the tarsiers
safe from animals and poachers if you
come to the hole you should definitely
give them these guys
