Good afternoon everyone. Good 
afternoon. Welcome to our 
worship service this afternoon. 
Amen. Ako po sa inyong lahat. 
Gandang hapun. coming. Yeah. 
We'd like to welcome each and 
everyone. Uh I would like to 
welcome if there's any guests 
tonight. Welcome. And also we'd 
like to welcome our online 
viewers. Thank you for joining 
us this afternoon. Um I would 
like to read some we have some 
reminders here this afternoon. 
It's all for now? Yeah, it's 
fun, doesn't it? Uh, but before 
I read it, I would like to 
thank all the men's we had a 
fellowship yesterday so it was 
a good fellowship and I believe 
the witness fellowship at the 
270 sales house. So we'd like 
to thank everyone. Um for the 
fellowship. So 
Reminder, we have the Operation 
Christmas Child. Operation 
Christmas Child. It's next 
Sunday. Uh the deadline's 
going to be next Sunday Uh let 
us bring our shoe boxes next 
Sunday. We will pray over the 
gift filled boxes and the 
children who will receive them. 
So bring here Please remember 
to scan your label. There's a 
label on it. So make sure you 
scan the left hand side of the 
label. on it. it. Um to activat 
and there's a nine dollar 
donation Per box. And that will 
cover the shipment and the 
delivery cost of the box. Okay? 
Also, don't forget to put a 
check in your label. Make sure 
you label it if it's for a boy 
or if it's for a girl, okay? 
So, there's a label. Make sure 
you mark it. Is it for a boyo? 
Or for a girl? And also for 
what age bracket? So, we would 
like to thank you for your 
generosity. Thank you for for 
your pledge for joining that 
project. Um reminder here, 
let's pray for our invited 
guest speaker next Sunday. It's 
Pastor T Barksdale. He's our 
speaker next Sunday. So, let's 
continue to pray for him. Uh 
Pastor T is Bali Baptist Church 
Care Pastor. So, he's our care 
pastor here at Valley Baptist 
Church. Okay, today is the 
first week of November, right? 
November eight. Oh, seven only. 
and next month is already 
December. Oh, it's quick, 
right? It's already end of the 
year, almost here. Um, so 
December, we are going to have 
a Christmas fellowship. As 
agreed upon our Christmas 
Fellowship will be on December 
the twelfth, okay? So Mario 
Calendar, December twelve. Um 
at 11 AM here at Building 
Seven. this place right here. 
Olive Drive campus. So we will 
have a lunch together. So bring 
bring some food if you want to 
share. And we're going to have 
a exchange gift. But this one 
is is not a mandatory. It's the 
only those who would like to 
join the exchange gift. And I 
think there's a $20 minimum for 
the exchange gift. So I would 
like to encourage everyone to 
join. So it will be fun, right? 
Twenty dollars. So that 
includes I think somebody wrap 
it for us already. So that $20 
covers the the packaging and 
the wrapper. That's a cheap 
labor there, right? $20 for 
everything. Alright. So, don't 
forget those announcement. 
Christmas Fellowship, our 
Operation Christmas Child 
shoebox. Um it's going to be 
next Sunday and so those are 
reminders for this. We and we 
have some birthday celebrants 
here. Um we have brother sister 
who celebrated their birthday 
this last few weeks. We have 
Yanny. Yani. Yani Joaquin, 
November eight, right? We have 
Angie Bal, is it Balega? 
Ballega? Andy Ballega, November 
12. And then Esther, sister 
Esther Alcasar, November 13. 
Alright, so we have also 
wedding anniversary. We have 
Ken and Patty Osborne, November 
six. Congratulations for all of 
you. So, okay. So, let's 
continue to our worship service 
today. Uh let's go to God to 
prayer. Shall we bow our head 
and Go to God in prayer. Um 
what I would like to do this 
afternoon is let's spend like 
get a couple minutes silently 
And let's just remember you 
know the things that God has 
done for us the past few days. 
So let us pray silently and 
thank him for everything. 
oh loving heavenly father. We 
thank you for this day. Thank 
you Lord for once again you 
gathered us here in this place. 
So we can worship you oh God. 
Thank you Lord for my brothers 
and sisters who are already 
here. I pray oh God that you 
will bless each one of them. I 
also pray for those who are not 
here yet. You are not yet here. 
I pray oh God that you will 
help them. 
Guide us, oh Lord, as we 
worship you today. May your 
Holy Spirit lead us Teach us 
today And as we sing praises 
praise songs for you, oh Lord. 
May we glorify your name, oh 
God. and today as we listen to 
your message, oh God. Prepare 
our hearts. Let us see the 
things that you want us to see. 
if there's anything Lord, any 
instruction, oh God, any 
command, oh Lord. Help us Lord. 
touch 
Each and everyone. Touch our 
lives oh Lord. 
our prayer as you want. That 
you will help us to be the 
person that you want us to be 
oh God. Bless us today Bless 
each part of our worship 
service Lord. May we glorify 
and may we praise you. And this 
I pray. In Jesus name And 
everyone says amen. 
Amen. Today, we're just 
going to bless the lord, right? 
As we sing. 
and you know, if somehow you 
cannot think of anything, how 
to praise god today You know, 
just read Psalms one oh three. 
It says, praise the lord my 
soul. All my inmost being. 
Praise his holy name. Praise 
the lord my soul and forget not 
all his benefits. We will 
forgives all your sins and 
heals all your diseases. Who 
redee your life from the pit 
and crowns you with love and 
compassion Who satisfies your 
desires with good things. So 
that youth is renewed Like the 
eagles. The Lord works 
righteousness and justice for 
all depressed. The Lord is 
compassionate and gracious, 
slow to anger, abounding in 
love, and suffering and so on. 
So read Psalms 103 this, this 
would really inspire you how to 
give thanks to our Lord. May I 
invite everyone to please stand 
up? As we sing this song, let's 
bless the Lord this morning. 
bless the lord oh my soul 
worship his own 
sing like never 
song 
answer it's a new day 
let the sing your 
a lost before 
be singing when 
your heart 
unseen 
thousand reasons for 
my soul 
Yes, father god. Thank you so 
much for loving us, Lord. was 
for this wonderful day You have 
come just to worship the true 
living God. We bless you Father 
God All the things given us 
Lord. For continuous blessing 
upon our life 
Yes, my god. And on that day, 
when my strength is failed, 
angels near and my time 
still my soul sing your praise 
ten thousand 
his own 
Sing like that before. 
Before 
my soul 
worship your holy name father 
god in the midst of us Thank 
you so much for everything 
lord. Even though we stumble 
every time before your 
presence. You're a deliverer to 
pick us up and continue to 
forgive us Lord We bless you. 
We bless you 
God is our living hope, right? 
gets tore in our lives can 
always come to his throne. 
Because with hope in Jesus. 
the king of kings father god. 
That needs our worship. 
that 
how are the 
I could've 
and spoken until 
your loving 
of my soul 
walk as 
the endless written 
imagine so great 
heart could 
such painless grace 
to 
yours forever Jesus 
hallelujah 
the salvation 
that silver you buried 
began to of this 
declare the grave as the 
and to 
that our 
salvation in your name Jesus 
Thank you, Jesus. There's 
victory in you, Lord. Every 
day, father God There is 
victory, oh Jesus. Yes, oh God. 
Let's all continue to offer the 
Lord our voices right now. Sing 
to him with humble hearts. 
Focus on his goodness in our 
lives. All those who answered 
prayers all the help 
We have more than 10, 000 
reasons to be grateful for. Not 
just for his provisions, for 
healing, but also for his 
unconditional love Through the 
cross. and for his peace that 
transcends all understanding. 
Thank you father. Thank you 
Jesus for everything. 
Sweet Jesus, this is for you. 
deserve 
should've been 
it all to see 
deserve 
and we 
you are the peace 
give you glory for you deserve 
all of this You deserve the 
praises of your people. for you 
are an awesome you are Thank 
you, Lord. Thank you for your 
joy 
Thank you for your peace 
for Jesus Thank you for the 
cross 
you are the peace 
these times 
brings me into 
yes oh god 
mercy 
to see 
Yes, Lord. 
Thank you for loving us, oh 
God. Thank you for loving us 
first. even though we don't 
deserve it oh Lord. 
Thank you Lord. We give you 
glory and honor. all the 
praises, oh God. 
In Jesus name we pray. 
A reading for today is from 
Romans 1413 to twenty-three. 
Therefore, let us not judge one 
another anymore, but rather but 
rather resolve this not to put 
a stumbling back or a cost to 
fall in in our brother's way. 
Yet, if your brother is grieved 
because of your food, you are 
no longer walking in love. Do 
not destroy with your food, the 
one for whom Christ died. 
For the kingdom of God is not 
eating and drinking, but 
righteousness and peace and joy 
in the Holy Spirit. 
Therefore, let us pursue the 
things which make for peace and 
the things by which one may 
edify another. 
It is good neither to eat meat 
nor drink wine nor do anything 
by which your brother stumble 
or is offended or is made weak. 
Let us read together. But he 
who doubt is condemned. If he 
eats because he does not eat 
from faith. For whatever is not 
from faith is sin. May the Lord 
bless the reading of his word. 
Let let us prepare our hearts 
for the message. Please be 
seated 
Magandang magandang hapon sa 
kanilang lahat. Good afternoon. 
Good afternoon to all. Can you 
recognize each other's presence 
just to say hi to your brothers 
and sisters? Yeah, welcome each 
other. Okay, so thank you. 
Welcome to the Filipino 
Ministry of Valley Baptist 
Church. If you are new in our 
congregation, we gladly welcome 
you. You are an encouragement 
to us. And ah we ah we are 
having our worship service at 2 
PM. And We pray that you know 
the whole Sunday would be 
filled with worship and glory 
to our God. So good afternoon 
to all of you. And I hope you 
are continuously excited. As we 
go back to our regular sermon 
series on the Book of Romans So 
if you have your Bible with 
you, open your Bible to the 
book of Romans chapter 
fourteen. In a message that I 
have entitled When Giving Up 
Your Freedom is the right thing 
to do. giving up your freedom 
is the right thing to do. How 
does that title strike you? 
Okay, now some of you might 
feel a little bit of a 
resistance both here in online 
Ah folks. Because it kind of 
sounds like there's a sacrifice 
involved in it. And maybe in 
our mind we might have already 
made a stand as far as our 
personal freedom is concerned. 
We say oh that's a 
non-negotiable thing. My 
freedom is so important to me. 
Or or no can curtail my 
freedom. Now, I might when I'm 
preparing the message, I feel 
there's a bit of a difficulty 
when I'm preparing this. 
Because not that it is a 
difficult topic. Or not it, not 
that it's a complicated topic. 
But we don't want to create any 
unnecessary steer among us. But 
I would like to pray that as we 
move on in today's message, you 
would actually see that the 
message admonishes what is of a 
true believer. What is expected 
of us Christians? And it's an 
overwhelming message in the 
Bible that we should esteem 
others better than themselves. 
Right? We we've seen that in 
the scriptures, right? And 
Jesus Christ even tells his 
disciples show your love for 
one another because in this 
way, people will know that you 
are my disciples. So the 
characteristic trait of the 
Christian living is love for 
one another. Can I hear an amen 
for that? Amen. Amen. So, 
recall our message 2 weeks ago 
when it with chapters of verses 
one to thirteen of Romans 
fourteen. Paul was admonishing 
the believers to receive one 
another, right? And then he 
mentioned the weak and the 
strong. The weak are those who 
have a weak grasp of their 
freedom in the Lord Jesus 
Christ. They kind of like don't 
quite grasp it to the point 
that they put a lot of 
restrictions. They put a lot of 
regulations in their Christian 
life. Uh so, because they don't 
want to offend the Lord. They 
don't want to offend God. But 
those who are strong in the 
Lord Jesus Christ, 
freedom in the Lord Jesus 
Christ. So they know their 
boundaries. Ah they know where 
to move. They they know what is 
right and what is wrong. And 
and ah they can do things 
without having their 
consciences smeared in a way. 
So they know if what they're 
doing if they are already 
committing a sin. And they know 
if they have violated godly 
precepts. So on that aspect, 
the the strong ones, they seem 
to be able to move around much 
freely because they know the 
boundaries that they have. But 
before we go on with today's 
message, okay? Uh I would like 
to quote what John MacArthur 
said in in the introduction of 
this message. Okay. So, this is 
a very important question that 
we need to ask ourselves as far 
as our freedom in the Lord 
Jesus Christ is concerned. The 
question is this. like you to 
think about it. Is it necessary 
to eat or drink or do whatever 
your liberty tells you, you can 
do to prove you are strong. 
Okay? Think about that 
question. Is it necessary to 
eat or drink? Or do whatever 
your liberty tells you, you can 
do to prove you are strong in 
the Lord. Next question. Is it 
necessary for you to do what 
you believe you're free to do 
in order to prove yourself to 
be strong? Okay, do you 
understand Question, okay? The 
answer to that is no. Okay. The 
answer to that is no. Of 
course. In fact, you there's a 
great deal of maturity 
displayed when someone does not 
exercise his personal victory 
or or his personal liberty for 
the sake of a brother or for 
the sake of a sister. If you 
kind of like refrain yourself 
from exercising certain things 
because you know it would 
offend a brother or it would 
offend a sister, then you are 
the playing your strength in 
the Lord. Okay? I hope this 
message ah would not strike us 
to be heavy because this is a 
very ah basic thing as far as 
the scriptures is concerned. 
Now understand now there are 
Christians who would refrain 
themselves from doing certain 
things. And because they they 
think something is bad. 
Something is a sin for them. 
Because ah they don't 
necessarily understand their 
freedom in the Lord. Jesus 
Christ So what will you do if 
you encounter a sister or a 
brother in the Lord who seems 
to be weak in their 
understanding of their freedom 
in Christ? Would you condemn 
them? Would you ridicule them? 
The Bible says respect them, 
love them, and accept them. 
Okay, for who, who, they are. 
Let me give you an example. I 
know of this Godly Christian 
lady. Okay. Ah, a very 
effective lady in the Lord. But 
she so despises anything that 
has to do with wine or beer. or 
drunkenness. So, anything that 
has the word beer, she doesn't 
like it. Okay. So, she has this 
drink root beer. Okay. Okay, 
root beer. So, to her, it's not 
acceptable. Now, in our little 
conversation, I think I kind of 
failed convincing her that it's 
no, it's not a non-alcoholic 
drink. It's just a soda drink. 
I mean, I I think I I kind of 
felt failed to explain it to 
her but I did not succeed. So 
what do I do? We just respect 
her. For her stand. I would be 
sinning if constantly I would 
be barraging her with 
explanation. Hey you are wrong. 
You are wrong. You are wrong. 
Okay. And I would be sinning if 
I would be taunting or 
flaunting my freedom in Christ. 
Look I'm drinking this root 
beer in front of her to the 
point of you know just taunting 
the person. We have a term in 
that in in in Tagalog. Nana na 
diya. Okay. You know that? we 
kind of like in English you 
deliberately do it To taunt 
someone when we do that, then 
we are sinning. Now, I would 
rather not drink root beer. If 
I would cause offense to my 
sister or to my brother in the 
Lord Jesus Christ. Now, it goes 
to my second point. Now, there 
are Christians who would limit 
their liberty in the Lord Jesus 
Christ. Because they don't want 
to offend a brother or a 
sister. Now, we have liberty in 
the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. We 
have liberty in the Lord Jesus 
Christ. But this liberty is 
controlled. And it's not 
necessary ah for us to flaunt 
it. Or even demand it. You 
know. But rather we should be 
sensitive with the leading of 
the Holy Spirit. Especially 
when we are in fellowship with 
our brothers and sisters. In 
the Lord. Na the Lord the Bible 
teaches mutual submission. It 
teaches that we grow in our 
relationship with one another 
Such that if you are a strong 
believer in the Lord, we 
John MacArthur, I'd like to 
quote him with regards to our 
exercise of our liberty in the 
Lord Jesus Christ. Number one. 
First of all, our liberty in 
the Lord Jesus Christ, it is 
not for the purpose of self 
deception, or to cloak our 
wickedness. Okay? You have 
liberty in the Lord Jesus 
Christ. It is not for the 
purpose of self deception. Or 
to clog our wickedness. In 
first Peter chapter two, verse 
sixteen. First Peter chapter 
two verse sixteen. It reads as 
free yet not using liberty as a 
cloak for vice. But as bond 
servants of God. Okay. Not 
using liberty as a cloak for 
vice but as bond. Servants. 
Okay for example. Do we have 
freedom to relax? Do we have 
the Lord. And and you know use 
this for the nourishment of our 
body. But for example, if you 
are, if you are a person who is 
Okay. Tuna lang sigu. 
Mic testing 
Huh? 
Sige. 
Okay. Mamaya na lang po 
nakaganon sa 
know you have those 
unproductive habits. But then 
you say, you know, I am free in 
the Lord. I can relax for the 
Lord. So in a way you're just 
covering up for that sin. So 
that our our, ah, liberty is 
not to cloak our weakness. Now, 
another thing, Do we have 
freedom 
freedom to watch sports, to 
enjoy everything but what if 
you are a habitual 
procrastinator? Okay? You you 
know, you, you don't meet up 
schedules. Okay, you, you do 
not discipline yourself. And 
then when the sports comes, you 
know, that's your priority to 
the point that you will forget 
every 
wants a sin, then we 
So, our liberty is not exercise 
of liberty, it's not for self 
destruction. Okay? It's not for 
self the 
should not bring harm to 
yourself. Okay. It should not 
bring harm to ourselves. For 
example now there is no passage 
in the Bible that prohibits 
smoking. Like we we cannot find 
exactly that says ah knows the 
ah thou shalt not smoke. We we 
cannot find that. Ah however as 
far as the tobacco plant is 
concerned. Um it just one of 
the creation of the Lord. 
Together with what the tree 
that you have seen outside. 
Okay. The tree, the plant, the 
tabakband, it's just one of the 
ah creation of the Lord. Until 
someone decided to smoke it. 
And then realize it 
to their body 
He smokes cigars because at one 
time in his life, someone 
connect a doctor recommended 
that cigars can help him calm 
his nerves. So he's ah ah 
smoking cigars. Princess, does 
he have liberty in the Lord? 
Does he have liberty in the 
Lord? Yes, right? Does he 
understand his liberty in the 
Lord? I mean, I I think so, 
just that's Charles Spurgeon. 
And that's the culture that he 
is living in, the environment 
he lives on. Find no fault that 
their favorite preacher smokes 
cigar. I mean, do they have 
problem in their community 
about that? They don't. Okay? 
It's an acceptable. As a matter 
of fact, he lives in a country 
that it's cold and somehow 
helps in his body temperature. 
Did it affect his ministry? It 
did not affect his ministry. 
And people are, you know, it's 
part of their culture. It does 
not influence affected his 
ministry. But do you know that 
one time, he later stopped 
smoking cigars. Do you know 
why? Because it's bad for his 
health. You know, it's bad for 
his health. First Corinth ends. 
Okay? Chapter six verse twelve, 
it reads, all things are lawful 
for me, but all things are not 
helpful. All things are lawful 
for me, but I will not be 
brought under the power of any. 
What does it mean? All things 
are lawful. In other words, all 
things, there's a lot of things 
that they are allowed. Ah, 
you're not breaking any law. 
But it's not wise to do all 
things. Right? It's not wise to 
do all things. Like for example 
there was like 20 or 30 years 
ago this pastor. Okay. Um he 
loved to play golf. Is it evil 
to play golf? Is it evil? No, 
it's not evil to play golf. Who 
among you plays golf? Okay. I 
don't, but I wish, I think we 
did some of them sometime, two 
years ago, I think we did a 
play golf, okay? There's 
nothing evil about that. But 
you know this pastor became so 
addicted with golf to the point 
that he would spend like four 
thousand and per game And he it 
has become so addicted. It 
destroyed him and it destroyed 
his ministry. Okay. So nor is 
nothing immoral about a white 
bull being hit by something 
that's you know metallic. 
There's nothing evil about 
that. But then he uses 
Christian liberty to ah head 
him himself destroyed. Third 
thing about Christian liberty. 
It is not for self bondage. 
Okay. Christian liberty is not 
for self. Bondage. Meaning, 
some, some of us would say, I 
am in control of something and 
yet when we examine it, it's 
not, it's not us controlling 
that thing, it's that thing 
controlling us. Okay. Some of 
us are slaves to chocolates. 
Right? Like it's part of your 
psychological therapeutic thing 
that without chocolate you will 
go crazy. You would do anything 
just to have it. I mean some of 
us are slaves of soap opera. Or 
telenovela. Okay. It is my 
thing. It's my therapy. I mean 
better than reading the Bible. 
I would analyze the story line 
of this and that of this 
telenovela stuff. Okay. It 
makes us happy. But do you have 
the live to watch it? Of course 
you do. Okay. Do you have 
liberty to enjoy chocolates? Of 
course you do. But let it not 
be to have you in bondage of 
it. Okay. Christian liberty is 
also not for the sake of self 
retardation. You know what self 
retardation is? We are supposed 
to grow in our personal 
development life. Okay. In our 
social life. In our mental 
life. But if we use our 
personal freedom in the Lord 
Jesus Christ. And we are not 
growing anymore. Then we are 
not using our liberty properly. 
So when practicing your 
Christian freedom, if you don't 
grow anymore, then we are not 
spending it wisely. Again, for 
example, television 
society. Okay? Society is 
moving forward and you are 
living a backward life. Now our 
cellphone cellphones are very 
helpful, right? It's very 
helpful. You can compute, you 
can schedule your appointments, 
you can do bank transactions, 
make reservations. We can even 
call a meeting, have fellowship 
in ah using our cellphone. Take 
notes, okay? And ah, with my 
cellphone, I can even write 
things for my diary. So 
sometimes if I, ah, along the 
way, in the supermarket, I 
think of something and I don't 
want to forget it. I get my 
cellphone and type in it in my 
notepad. So, I will not forget 
it. That's how helpful 
cellphones are. however, a lot 
of people are slaves of their 
cellphones. right? There is 
this artist. He drew a picture 
of people holding a cellphone, 
doing a selfie. And then on the 
other picture, he had the 
cellphone with arms holding the 
people. Can you imagine that? 
Okay. we thought we are 
controlling our electronic but 
it's the electronic controlling 
us. And what happens people 
don't learn to socialize 
anymore. We don't know how to 
interact with other people 
anymore. You cannot even tell 
if someone is telling a joke. 
Or not. You can even tell if ah 
someone is ah being serious or 
ah being just sarcastic or just 
ah saying something because we 
have not grown socially 
anymore. Okay. We have been ah 
ah enslaved by our technology. 
I like what Pastor Randy said. 
The Director of Missions. We 
used to meet at Marie Calendars 
every Tuesday morning. And he 
said when you are here at the 
Fellowship with a other pastors 
put your cellphones down. Okay. 
And interact. Look people in 
the eye. Listen to them. Okay. 
Can you see society right now? 
A lot of people 
not productive. Amen. Okay. 
It's not productive. Let's pray 
for that. We need them. We want 
ah the the teens the the the 
young ones but adults equally 
can become slaves to elect ah 
ah electronics. Okay. Romans 
fourteen fourteen to sixteen 
retreats. I know and am 
convinced by the Lord Jesus 
that there is nothing unclean 
of itself. Talking about our 
freedom. But to him who 
considers anything to be 
unclean. To him it is unclean. 
In other words, if you say 
something is ah evil, I mean 
that's your personal ah 
commitment to the Lord. Ah the 
Bible respects that. Yet if 
your brother is grieved because 
of your food, you are no longer 
walking in love. Do not destroy 
with your food the one whom 
Christ died. Underline that 
phrase there in your mind. Do 
not destroy food, the one for 
whom Christ died. The one whom 
Christ died. Verse sixteen, 
therefore, do not let your good 
be spoken of as evil. Okay? 
Application number one. The 
verse tells us to be selfless. 
Okay. Be selfless. Be others 
oriented. Now in the verse 
have become Christians, they 
used to worship idols. Now that 
they have come to to know the 
Lord Jesus Christ, they turned 
away from idols. And and later 
on, some of their friends would 
still offer meats to idols. 
Okay. So to them later ah ah 
the the meats that were offered 
to idols, ah, in excess, they 
hit the market. And then when 
they hit the market, these are 
prime ah, meat, good meat 
because they have, they are 
quality meat. So, people would 
buy them. Because they are good 
food. And some Christians back 
then, they don't have any 
trouble buying these meats that 
even though they know it was 
offered to idol, but to them, 
it's just an ordinary meat. And 
they don't have any trouble 
buying them. So what's Paul 
says? Now, Paul says, you know, 
just buy the meat. As long it 
doesn't hurt your conscience. 
First Corinthians chapter 1025 
to twenty-seven. Um it says 
there, eat whatever is sold in 
the meat market. Asking no 
questions for conscience sake. 
For the earth is the Lord's and 
all its fullness. If any of 
those who do not believe, 
invites you to dinner and you 
desire to go, eat whatever is 
set before you, asking no 
question for conscience sake. 
Can we see the passage here? 
So, an unbeliever invites you 
for dinner, buys a food that 
you know, he bought it in the 
in the market that this and 
this food was offered to idols. 
You know, don't bring it up 
anymore. Don't ask, just 
receive it gladly. Okay? 
Because as far as the host is 
concerned, he doesn't care 
about the idols, especially if 
the person is not even 
worshipping idols. To him, it's 
just meat. Okay. So to you, you 
know your doctrinal stand. 
Don't try to bring it up. Hey, 
did you buy that in the meat 
market offered to the idols? 
Because I I won't eat it. I 
mean, don't strike that 
conversation anymore. As far as 
you're concerned, you have been 
invited gladly. No 
conversation. Okay, that is 
pure, friendly invitation for 
dinner and just praise the 
Lord. Display your gratefulness 
that you have been invited. 
Amen. You got that example Now 
the same scenario, the same 
scenario. A brother in the Lord 
who just got converted. Ah in 
their time. Usually ah a former 
idol worshiper. And now he 
knows that anything that is 
offered to an idol he doesn't 
want to do anything with it. 
Now he sees a brother Um being 
invited. And entertaining 
eating the food offered to 
idols. And then his mind says 
how come brother so and so is 
eating that meat. And I 
those meats have been offered 
to idols. There, the the 
conscience is now smeared. How 
would you react? First 
Corinthians chapter ten verse 
28 to 31. This is their 
scenario during their time. 
Paul says, but if anyone says 
to you, this was offered to 
idols. Do not eat it for the 
sake of the one who told you. 
For conscience sake. For the 
earth is the Lord's and all its 
fullness, 
conscience, I say, not your 
own. But that of the other For 
our why is my liberty judged by 
another man's conscience? But 
if I partake with thanks, why 
am I evil spoken of for the 
food over which I give thanks. 
Therefore, whether you eat or 
drink, whether whatever you do, 
do all to the glory of God. In 
other words, 
someone says, brothers, 
brother, hey kuya, hey ate. Why 
are you eating that meat? I 
know that meat is offered to 
idols. Shouldn't you not be 
worshiping or or anything, 
entertaining anything with 
idols. If someone, during time, 
someone questions them, what 
what did Paul says? For the 
sake of the brother. Okay. For 
the sake of the brother or 
sister, don't eat the meat. Not 
for because of your own 
conscience, conscience, but 
because of his conscience or 
her conscience. You get this? 
You have your freedom. You have 
your liberty in the Lord, but 
because it's an offence to a 
brother or a sister, they just 
cannot handle it light. Ah, ah, 
ah, lightly right now. For our 
love for them, we give it up. 
Okay. Uh I I'd like to say 
this, you know, I know drinking 
is viewed differently in 
different cultures. I cannot 
answer for the American 
culture. Okay, I I don't know 
anything about the American 
culture, but I believe I can 
speak for the Filipino culture 
when it comes to beer and 
drinking. And, I, I think I 
could also speak for the 
Baptist Ah, pastors, Filipino 
Baptist pastors. In culture. I 
have not known any Baptist 
Pastor who would openly endorse 
beer drinking. I mean, have 
you? I have not. In our 
culture. As a matter of fact, 
they would even preach against 
it openly. Now, in the Asian 
culture, it's a generally 
conservative culture that when 
it comes to beer and wine 
drinking, we know 
Christianity and beer drinking, 
they are, they will not be on 
the same place. That's our 
culture, Asian culture. Okay. 
And and the as a matter of fact 
one of the things that you turn 
away from is drunk drunkenness 
and beer the habit of beer 
drinking. The moment you become 
a Christian. Again I'm talking 
from the Asian culture 
perspective. I don't know about 
the American culture. I 
remember the story of our 
Pastor friend in Baguio. They 
invited a Pastor Germany. The 
German pastor was he's they had 
an evangelistic meeting. Preach 
in English. After the 
evangelistic crusade, it turned 
out to be good. They went out 
celebrated by eating And this 
German pastor so happy. He 
treated the pastor and the 
other leaders over drink. And 
he said, okay, give us beer. 
Okay, this is what's in Baguio, 
Philippines by the way. Give us 
beer. In I don't know about 
Germany. I think in Germany 
beer drinking is just an 
ordinary thing I think. Right? 
It's just an ordinary drink. Uh 
no problem in their culture but 
not in the Philippines. Okay. 
Not in the Philippines. Because 
in the Philippines I believe 
every religion okay Ah they 
will not associate someone who 
is ah ah an active Christian 
and at the same time a habitual 
beer drinker. Okay. They not 
they they know that they are 
not ah the same. So the 
Filipino Pastor who hosted the 
Evangelistic Crusade had no 
choice but to interject and 
said I'm sorry Mister Pastor 
in the community. Our church is 
known in the community and we 
would be judged by people if 
they saw us drinking beer. Okay 
get that. Okay. You get that. 
In the German pastor, perhaps 
did not understand. I mean, 
why? This is just drink to us. 
But then again, I'm sorry if I 
have offended you guys. Sure, 
let's drink Coke. Okay, let's 
just drink some other soft 
drinks. Okay. So, he gave up 
his freedom for the love of 
brother and sister. He was 
selfless. Amen? Um application 
number two. actually when when 
it comes to beer drinking, 
personally, I, I, I, I felt 
like I I I want to share this 
to you too. I don't have 
problems with the with that 
before. I used to when when I 
drink juice, sometimes I 
experiment, I put a little bit 
of wine personally when I was 
still single. Okay. To me, it 
it's just I'm just having fun 
with it. It relaxes my nerves 
personally. Until someone saw 
me. And person happens to be a 
non-believer yet. And I'm 
sharing the gospel to to that 
person. And that person says 
you know in our religion. 
Imagine he's not an unbeliever 
but this is what he told me. 
You know in 
the Lord, you know. by the way, 
that was once. Later on through 
the years, I said, well, I 
think it's just okay. I mean, 
there was this Calilight drink 
in the Philippines that went 
out. I kind of like it too. So 
after work, I would buy it 
because it relaxes my nerves. I 
buy it from the department 
store or on, in the Sarisari 
Store in, in our place. Then 
one time, another church goer 
happens to be quite weak in his 
faith in the Lord. Saw me 
buying it. And then he said 
bro. Isn't it that's considered 
an alcoholic drink? And I said, 
oh, it just calms my nerves. 
You know, I'm not really 
addicted to it. But I'm just 
buying it to relax my nerves. 
But then he said, but bro, that 
is alcoholic in a sense. That's 
how he thinks of it. Okay. We 
had a little bit of discussion. 
I tried to explain but then I 
realized I'm not acting out of 
love anymore. So, I said, okay. 
So, from Then on, I stopped 
drinking. I stopped it. For the 
sake of a brother. For the sake 
of a sister. Noh. Be selfless. 
Amen. Point number two. Take 
care of other people's 
spiritual life. Okay. 
is speaking as one shepherd to 
another shepherd. Remember what 
we have read a while ago? Um to 
whom Christ died for. Remember 
that phrase. To whom Christ 
died for. Paul was emphasizing 
the value of the soul. So when 
we realize the value of the 
soul, the same way we realize 
the value of our homes. And of 
our property. Then we know we 
we will take care of it. Right? 
Some people they take ah they 
have they put a a big value on 
their shoes. They love their 
shoes so much. They will not 
wear it. You know. Why? Because 
it would get mud. Okay. They 
would it would be muddied. Some 
people love their gadgets. So 
much that they would protect it 
from scratch. And bruises. 
Okay? Why? Because they love 
it. They bought it. They worked 
for it. So Paul in the same 
kind of analogy says take care 
of one another whom died. Can 
you, can you see that? So 
whenever you look at your 
brothers and sisters in the 
Lord, remember Christ died for 
that soul. I like you to look 
at each other right now. Okay, 
just look around, look at the 
room. Okay? And tell yourself 
the Lord Jesus Christ died for 
that person. The Lord Jesus 
Christ died for him. Died for 
her. That's how valuable ah a 
person is in the Lord. Romans 
14nineteen to twenty-one. Okay. 
Therefore let us pursue the 
things which make for peace and 
the things by which one may 
edify one another. Do not 
destroy the work of God for the 
sake of food. All things indeed 
are pure but it is evil for the 
man who eats with offence. It 
is good neither to eat meat nor 
drink wine nor do anything by 
which your brothers stumbles or 
is offended or is made weak. 
Can you see this phrase? Or is 
made weak. Okay. So, sometimes 
when we are not careful in the 
use of our liberty in Christ, 
we can actually make someone 
weak in their faith. Now, let's 
go back to the scenario that 
Paul was telling to us. So, 
food offered to idols. So, 
during their time, there are 
new believers. Who used to 
worship idols and now they do 
not worship idols anymore. So, 
anything that has to do with 
idols, they would turn away 
from. So, if a has been offered 
to idols in their mind. Lord 
because you are now my God. You 
are now my savior. I will not 
eat that meat because that meat 
has been offered to an idol. 
And that idol is not you. So as 
part of their dedication to the 
Lord. There as part of their 
commitment to the Lord they say 
to the Lord. Lord I want to 
honor you. I will turn away 
from eating those meats offered 
to idols. And the Bible says 
the Lord accepts those 
sacrifice basis. The Bible says 
ah ah it's acceptable before 
the Lord. So here's a brother, 
a new believer, decided making 
this commitment before the 
Lord. Encounters an old timer 
worshiper and and he has a 
different experience Um to he 
even finds it ridiculous. 
to worship a statue. Not an an 
let alone refrain from eating a 
meat offered to that statue. To 
him it's just meat. So as far 
as his conscience is concerned. 
okay it doesn't bother him. So 
he buys this meat and this new 
Christian comes to him. Hey 
bro. How come you are eating 
meat offered to idols? And then 
this guy says yay that's 
nonsense. That's nonsense. 
Don't be silly. It's okay to 
buy meat. It's okay. ahead. I 
mean, don't be ridiculous. So, 
this new brother now says, ah, 
this old timer Christian, it's 
okay for him, maybe it's really 
okay to just buy meat for, for, 
for the market, and then 
eventually in his mind and in 
his heart, he forgot his 
commitment to the Lord now. He 
abandons his commitment to the 
Lord. He kind of like, you 
know, if he was a being ah, 
resolved to follow the Lord on 
that matter. Now, he kind of 
unhinged himself. What happens 
to that brother now? Okay. Now 
he he thinks now I don't need 
to really make that commitment 
about anything. Eventually not 
knowingly that old timer 
Christian made this new 
believer weak in his faith. 
Next thing you know this ah new 
believer he does not make any 
more commitments to the Lord. 
Because maybe he thinks it's 
silly. Next thing yun he's 
beginning to talk to the idol 
again. Maybe, well, that, that, 
that old timer Christian, kuya, 
ate says, it's nothing. Then, 
maybe it's just okay that you 
just stay here at home. You 
know. So, you know what's 
happening now? The faith, her, 
his faith becomes weakened. 
Okay? Becomes weakened. Paul 
says, don't use your liberty to 
weaken a brother in the Lord. 
You get that analogy. Okay. We 
have a tendency in our liberty. 
We can actually lead someone to 
to further sin. Now drinking 
itself. I believe some of us 
can handle it. Okay? Maybe we 
are not really addicted to it. 
But what if a brother comes 
from that ah habit? He 
denounced alcoholism. He 
denounced drunkenness. And then 
you invite the brother to 
indulge in this ah freedom. Be 
careful. You might lead the 
brother back to the old habits. 
Okay. You might lead a a sister 
back to the old ways. 
Do you have faith Have it to 
yourself before God. Happy is 
he who does not condemn himself 
in what he approves. But he who 
doubts is condemned if he eats. 
Because he does not eat from 
faith for whatever is not from 
faith is sin. So there are 
things that you do for yourself 
to make you strong in the Lord. 
So whatever you decide for 
yourself, you say to yourself 
from now on, Lord, I will 
commit my self to not do this 
because I would like to 
dedicate my my life to you. For 
example, quick one, perhaps in 
your finances, handling of your 
finances, you say, Lord, I 
would limit myself to ah, not 
spending too much for this. 
Okay, this is my limit for you. 
I want to honor you in my 
finances. if you know for a 
certain month, you kind of 
exceed exceeded that. I mean, 
none of us knows your 
commitment to the Lord, but you 
know your commitment to the 
Lord. What would happen to your 
conscience? Your conscience 
what? Kicks in. Right? Your 
conscience tells you, aha, ah, 
you're spending too much. If 
you violate that conscience, 
the Bible says you are sinning 
against the Lord. Okay. So 
whatever you commit to the 
Lord, commit it to him. Okay. 
Point number three, listen to 
your God led conscience. Listen 
to your God led conscience. 
What is a God led conscience? 
It's a conscience that has been 
educated by your constant 
prayers and communication with 
God. A conscience that has been 
soaked with God's word. A 
conscious 
it could lead you. That's his 
access to you. Guided by the 
Holy Spirit. Don't violate 
that. Brothers and sisters. So 
in effect of today's message 
you know, one thing about the 
scriptures, it's so hard to 
encapsulate the whole passage 
of Romans chapter fourteen in a 
30 minute talk. But, if I would 
summarize it, it simply tells 
us to love one another by not 
making them weak in their 
faith. That we, in our 
contribute to the spiritual 
growth our brothers and 
sisters. And how do we do that? 
We have to know who they are. 
Right? We have to know where a 
brother is coming from. And and 
we we ought to know what makes 
them weak or what offends them. 
That's why fellowship with one 
another is very important. 
Amen. Because fellowship ah 
will eventually we will be able 
to know one another. Okay. 
In fellowship, we will be able 
to realistically exercise love 
for one another. And brothers 
and sisters, if we love one 
another, then giving up your 
freedom for someone you love 
and care 
today It's an admonition for us 
to grow in our faith. Yes, you 
have accepted Christ as your 
personal Lord and Savior. you 
want to grow in him. Now 
another thing that the Lord is 
telling you Jesus tells you, 
hey, take care of your brothers 
and your sister. Don't offend 
them. Make them grow in you. 
And this message is a reminder 
for for all of us. So that we 
will not walk selfishly. We 
will not be self centered. But 
we would be thinking of others. 
And you know when think of 
others, you care for others, 
you don't think about yourself, 
then the Lord is pleased. And 
then the Lord would bless you. 
Noh. And the Lord would bless 
the ministry and the Lord will 
bless everyone. And right now, 
okay, right now, this 
afternoon, our admonishment to 
everyone. If you have not ah, 
asked the Lord Jesus Christ as 
your personal Lord and Savior 
yet. We would like to take this 
opportunity to invite you. 
Please accept the Lord Jesus 
Christ as your personal Lord 
and Savior. Grow in him. If you 
don't know him, I'd like to 
invite you. Join me in this 
prayer. Tell it to him. Tell it 
to him. Lord Jesus I cannot 
save myself. I repent of my 
sin. Forgive me of my sin. Be 
my Lord. Be my savior. Today I 
claim your promise. That 
whoever believes on you. You 
will save. In Jesus name. Amen. 
While heads are bowed, eyes are 
closed. If you have accepted 
Christ as your personal Lord 
and Savior, that prayer is not 
a magic prayer. Like an a 
mantra or a abracadabra. But it 
should sign your desire to have 
a personal relationship with 
the Lord Jesus Christ. So if 
you have accepted Christ as 
your portion Lord and Savior, 
grow in him. Grow in him. Come 
to know him more. Read the 
Bible. Pray a lot. And rejoice. 
Ah ah of the salvation that you 
have in him. And right now a 
while still ah your heads are 
bowed, eyes are closed. Maybe 
you're a Christian right now. 
In your Christian life is a bit 
of a mess. You know you liberty 
in the Lord but you know you're 
not using it properly. You're 
not growing. There's a lot of 
entanglement in your Christian 
life. So I pray right now for a 
moment. Surrender it. Surrender 
the sin. Come to him. Tell him 
Lord I want to grow in you. I 
want to give up this thing that 
has been holding me up. Because 
I want to grow in you. I want 
to know you more. I want to 
live for others. As I lead 
others for you. You know. Pray 
that. I'm going to give you a 
couple of minutes. Talk to the 
Lord Jesus Christ. Surrender 
your life to him. Because 
that's the only way that he can 
use you mightily. As we hear 
the piano play. 
Great mighty God, We thank you 
for the opportunity you 
continuously give us. Lord, 
thank you for your grace. Thank 
you for your love. And I pray 
Lord that ah, the message that 
we heard from you, from your 
word would not come out Lord 
useless. But let it do what it 
has to do Lord. What it needs 
to do. Not only for our church, 
but most of all, for every 
individual who is able to 
listen to your word. May not be 
from this preacher, may not be 
from this moment. But in every 
other means or media that 
someone hears your word. Use 
your word mightily Lord God. To 
who ever they have heard it, I 
pray that you change lives. you 
save souls. May I request 
everyone to stand up please as 
the piano is played. And we 
will end in the word of prayer 
Great God we thank you For it 
is indeed a privilege to have 
the freedom to hear your word 
And I pray Lord that you 
continuously guide us to grow 
in you. Thank you Lord for 
everything. Now unto him who is 
able to keep you from falling 
and to present you faultless 
before his presence With 
exceeding great joy. To the 
only wise God our savior. To 
him be glory and majesty. 
Dominion and power both now and 
forevermore. And everybody say. 
