it's very hard for fried chicken to be
fried chickening
hey guys I'm Jian and today we are
trying each other's Jollibee orders
Jollibee is McDonald's if Filipinos made
McDonald's and to think that is here in
London in central London is mad Jollibee
is known for their Filipino spaghetti
and chicken so so yummy and crispy for
me it's something which I grew up on
it's something that reminds me of
visiting family in the Philippines just
full of joy I normally have Jollibee
probably like every week every Sunday
after church you know it's just part of
our routine if you go to Jollibee and
don't go for the chicken Joy then I just
don't
ready so mine is a two-piece chicken
spaghetti chicken gravy loaded fries and
peach mango pie someone's hungry that's
a lot this is somebody who can eat what
stands out to be the most is chicken
noodle fries I actually didn't think
this was a thing this is kind of like
poutine I know this is weird but I don't
actually have gravy with my chicken I
just eat it on its own like this because
I think it's it's tastier on its own
chicken is always amazing but you know
I'm bummed because this chicken is
better with ketchup some people think
that's weird but chicken and ketchup I
think is a better combo than chicken and
gravy I think the gravy is essential
for when enjoying chicken Joy just eat
it with the spaghetti at the same the
same home even the presentation is nice
I like how they've laid it out all the
frankfurters are facing up
we may as well just put the Filipino
flag over the spaghetti we've taken over
from the Italian sweet spaghetti
with hot dogs is the best I grew up in
the Philippines with with having much so
every time my mom sends money from
abroad my dad would treat us to Jollibee
and I would always order this Filipina
spaghetti one thing which I am morally
against loaded fries just as a concept I
disagree with it I think if you like it
you're probably a child we have to put
that gravy just over the top like look
at this
I know how I feel about that
it's just a lot
it's very tropical very Filipino
pineapple juice is actually really
effective at washing down the taste of
those fries the highlight of any meal is
the dessert
[Music]
for families meal right here it's it's
just a bit of a mess I would give this
meal a 5 out of 10. I would give this a
seven the school I give this is a three
out of ten
my Jollibee orders two Jolly hot dogs a
yum burger fries and a Sprite two
very different
my normal overdose okay I've lost for
words I've lost my words this has to be
a joke no one orders this this is just
common hot dog common chip and common
Burger you'll go for the chicken joy and
you'll go for the spaghettis something
that you don't really get in other
restaurants in London
I'm not too sure how you would start
this meal like would you start with a
burger would you go in for one of the
two hot dogs I don't know if this is
because it's in the UK you're a lot more
generous with the bread in the
Philippines it's a flat pancake like you
know it hasn't been exercising hip
thrust or nothing
it's a thick hot dog it's quite long as
well but we leave it at that this is a
heavy meal I'm like three bites in and I
I I don't think I could seriously finish
two hot dogs it's just a little bit a
little bit too much frankfur for one day
for me it's giving uncultured because
Javier not getting chicken Joy or the
Filipino spaghetti you're going for the
dry dry two hot dogs and you're going
for the burger let's see what that fries
are saying
kind of like McDonald's fries I don't
know why you would pick Fries over rice
I think this combination as a whole is
isn't very adventurous do you know what
actually I'll give this oil
this uh strong three I would give this a
2 out of 10.
my Jollibee orders are Filipino
spaghetti
spaghetti spicy fried chicken uh Yum
Burger and a coke oh nice this is
literally all the OG stuff from Jollibee
Philippines right here I mean I'm a
definitely like the young burger and
yeah chicken I think
I'll enjoy it I'll enjoy it I like the
variety we have spaghetti which is yes
the only thing is it's just lacking a
little bit on those sides a little bit
more carb I mean the spaghetti but like
I want some rice maybe even fries I'll
settle for but I mean I think all in all
I'll enjoy this meal it's just not gonna
be full for me I love the spaghetti and
Jollibee it's sweet there's cheese
there's sausages there's nothing like it
I grew up with the spaghetti for me as a
kid like if you said spaghetti I would
think of Frankfurt a sweet tomato sauce
and cheddar cheese I'm Gonna Leave the
burger to last because that's my
favorite part so now I'm gonna eat the
chicken oh wait do they have gravy so
I'm just gonna be eating this dry I
don't even know where to start oh it's a
spicy chicken okay I see why I'm a
chicken skin fan if they just did orders
where you can just order the chicken
skin that is me I like the spice and
that I don't really go for the spicy one
just because I like the original taste I
don't really know what it is about the
Yum Burger but this sauce that they got
going on here is incredibly unique
for me it's too much bread if I were to
eat it I would take off the bottom bun
and just make it a double way better
than all the other bags I've had Jolly
Beef should change the tagline to world
famous hamburgers
it's got all the originals all the ogs
it's just missing a little bit of the
sides and desserts that would have made
it amazing first I was 50 50. now I'm
like
snow gravy I think this person's an
all-rounder because we got spaghetti
then we have a chicken and then we're
moving to a burger in one sentence this
order is don't judge a book by its cover
I'll give this 7 out of ten I'm gonna
have to give this a seven out of ten I
give this order
my order is two-piece spicy chicken Joy
meal with rice and gravy one Yum Burger
one mango peach pie for dessert and a
coke oh wow okay it's giving classic
it's giving Filipino with the rice I
really like this combo it's very similar
to what I would order the spicy chicken
stands out for me because not many
people order it when they first released
this I wasn't really sure how spicy it
was gonna be I thought it's going to be
like lame spicy but it's actually good
spice chicken and rice combo is and the
gravy yes you know what whoever ordered
this order is like my favorite person
now so thank you so for this rice we're
gonna do it the traditional way we're
gonna use our hands because you kind of
hold it like this and you kind of use
like the thumb to just push it in so
here's the right
I'm really enjoying the rice it's just
normal rice I know I said I don't have
the gravy let's see you might change my
mind with this
um let me try this young Burger it don't
even look like the pie is in there
I don't understand why you have to add
the burger to this meal but this in
itself
yeah earlier I said everything needs to
be dipped in the gravy I had just a
really smart idea the best burger in the
world and the best gravy in the world
[Music]
I think this person loves Jollibee a lot
they know what they want from Jollibee
and I'm sure they order this all the
time I love like having all my starters
and Mains and just a Savory but after
having Savory you need something sweet
and this is just perfect
remember I said dip it in the gravy no
I'm joking let's not do that I give this
a day I would score this a strong eight
out of ten so the score I'm giving this
is a 10 out of 10 because not gonna lie
they have every component that you need
in a meal
me
that's cool I think people just
appreciate the Finer Things in life you
know sometimes you just gotta be simple
go with like you know the classic Tito's
order I lost nah I didn't they don't
have good taste that's what it is if you
really like this video don't forget to
like And subscribe and just watch the
rest of our videos because they're
amazing
