[Music]
dude and some of those runs hitting in
there
with the harmonies
it's a great day to play everybody
welcome on into the channel
yeah
sorry i've been working on my base
whether it's your first time here or you
were joining us thank you for being here
with us today you are loved appreciated
always welcome here and you are
enough what did you just do i had to
throw my wallet down it was so yeah yeah
i hurt my back yeah too much benji's
this is the first time here you were
joining us thank you for being here with
us today your love appreciate always
welcome here you are enough we did that
again just because we wanted to let you
know how much you were loved and it is
enough anyway today we're here with you
are the reason by morrissette and daryl
aung who i do not believe i've heard of
before this is a callum scott cupper and
i'm super excited morissette is uh is
fantastic yeah is fantastic her voices
are so so amazing so i'm sure it's gonna
be good too so i sure it's gonna be good
don't forget if you haven't already like
subscribe hit the notification bell so
you know your videos come out you can
check out our live streams where this
was actually requested every saturday at
noon central time but to do that you're
also going to want to subscribe to our
main channel in the description below
and if you're looking for some more good
music to add to your playlist spotify
amazon apple our brand new album is out
now on all of them and more without
further ado you ready all right let's do
it
[Music]
okay
there goes my heart
beating
cause you are the reason
i'm losing my sleep
[Music]
please come back now
there goes my mind raising
and you are the reason
but i'm still breathing
i'm hopeless
[Music]
cause i
[Music]
oh wow
oh very clear
[Music]
if
[Music]
keeping you safe
[Music]
her runs her runs are so clear yeah like
and i mean a lot of people do those
really really amazing runs but it's like
it's like they're disjointed yeah i
don't know like
you know what i mean like i think about
like looking at it and it's just like
you kind of have like the dips but like
hers are just like dude and she can do
things with her voice that's just this
doesn't make sense yeah and it's just
her control she yeah she has optimal
control amazing control also his voice
uh is just fantastic and when i when you
look at him you're like oh i didn't you
know just the way yeah his voice sounds
like yeah sometimes yeah like there are
a lot of people that will surprise you
where like they opened up their mouth
and you just like i always think i go
back to felix from straight kid with a
deep voice where like when he opens
another
yeah
exactly you're like no way oh my god
[Music]
okay
[Music]
okay
[Music]
me
[Music]
dude and some of those runs hitting in
there
with the harmonies
what
you right there i'm back i was just i
could not i couldn't i couldn't it was
too good couldn't not couldn't i had to
move a little bit sometimes when things
were amazing you just gotta move
to i wanna i'm gonna go back i wanna go
harmonies like when they first came in
yeah it was like and they were like
doing the runs with the harmonies yeah i
wanna yeah i wanna okay i wanna go wild
wild cause that's
where did we where do we come in on the
harmonies i think like here he's a wild
boy for that one
[Music]
right there
[Music]
[Music]
here
[Music]
i'll climb every morning
[Music]
okay
[Music]
dude
so wild their voices are like meant for
each other yeah really yeah yeah yeah
but doing intricate runs like that is
hard enough as an individual singer
doing those runs and hitting them in
harmonies
in perfect timing
like there's a re there's a reason why
like generally it's solo artists that
will do stuff like that or only sing
parts on their own you don't harmonize
parts like that you you don't unless you
are a very high level vocal like like
hey if they're not the next aladdin and
jasmine like okay you know because like
that those vote the way they fit
together you know what i mean i'm not
saying that you know i'm just saying
right the way that the vocals fit
together like that it was just like they
both have a very soulful quality yeah
like his voice is has that warmth to it
like that very mid-range warmth and she
has she's fluttering all ball around the
clouds like dude i don't know much about
him not only i kind of i'm curious to
hear more about him too his voice was
higher yeah really really good higher
wow okay never ceases to amaze me with
her like of all the stuff i i i really i
had asked in a previous video that i did
i don't know that i've checked the
comments on it yet because it just came
out but i'm really curious i don't think
we've heard anything original by her yet
yeah maybe she's just not and maybe she
doesn't i don't know but if there is
original stuff please please uh tell us
dude in the comments she's she had
gotten her teeth done her teeth are
perfect yeah i just can't stop looking
because they're so perfect anyway guys
thank you so much uh for the request in
this one don't forget if you haven't
already follow us along on our journey
leave your comments down below like
subscribe hit the notification bell so
you know when our videos come out you
can check out our live streams where
this was actually requested on our main
channel that's in the description down
below check out our music spotify amazon
apple new album just came out nobody
told you that they love you today don't
forget that we love you you're
appreciated you're always welcome here
in this channel and you are enough and
last but certainly not least it was a
great day to play thanks guys see in the
next video bye
