hi Christine oh my God Christine is all
flustered cuz she's organizing this
entire like thing is this considered a
festival it's a Blog party wait where is
up oh
this how are you feeling it's it's great
so many people are here already yeah we
expect thousands to show up awesome
can't wait all right guys here we go our
meet and
greet wo my boy Squad check it out
[Music]
all right look at Guam look at how warm
Guam is the cutest kids ever what's your
name raen Raiden and Dylan Dylan all
right and look they gave me Canadian
gifts Canadian gifts all right come in
let's take pictures there's the very
proud family yes yes thank you guys see
you later bye-bye hello we have new
friends here what are your names
[Music]
SOS awesome and ready let's do the
tickle finger pooi tickle
finger we're going to take pictures
tomorrow Filipinos we're taking pictures
correct awesome you guys are maai Squad
are oh my gosh guys ice breakers these
are my favorite you really oh my God she
really do they really do watch boy Squad
thank watch every one of them together
thank you that means a lot to
me you do oh my goodness guys we have
friends here they watch the Vlogs
they're my boy Squad and they're also AC
family they watch the ant Channel yeah
your
nam's and Cat yes and because we're
Filipino we're taking pictures yes yes
thank you guys what are your names my
name is Kiana Kiana Brian and Brian
awesome and you guys are Filipino or
Chamorro I'm actually half Filipino he
looks like a Filipino but he's not I'm a
mix of things oh you're a big halo hallo
of nation sweet look at how cute you are
I just want to pin your cheeks he's
afraid of me now what are your names I'm
Alissa this is aan and I'm Alexa Alexa
Aon and Aaron awesome we all watch your
videos espe oh cool thank you you guys
are so cute MH can we have a picture yes
let's do it this is our whole oh wow
your whole family is here the family
thanks you bye we have Ariana Grande in
the house Filipina style welcome what's
your name Isabelle Isabelle sweet so
cute and because we're Filipino we're
taking
pictures yes thank you thanks so much
funny that yes oh Malaya they're saying
hi to you I'm sure she's going tweet
tweet tweet yes let's do it yes thank
you nice to meet you bye-bye half a day
what's your name I'm Eliza Eliza all
right let's take this
selfie
one awesome nice to meet you please tag
me because we're Filipino we're taking
pictures yes love it boy thanks guys
we're taking
photos all right thank you so I have to
sign these CDs cuz we got to personalize
it what's your name again Isabelle for
Isabelle in this case is a Bell two L's
or one l two L's and then e all right I
always ask because Filipinos are so
creative with their name spellings I
tell you some of the simplest names are
spelled so
interestingly there you go thank you
Isabelle bye Mimi over here just said
she hasn't had anything signed since the
Beatles I you have something signed by
The Beetles yeah wow a napkin amazing a
napkin okay well at least you can well
you you could wipe things with this too
but at least you can sck it into a CD
player I love Malaya and I named one of
my black chickens after Malaya it's
about the same size yeah I tell you
you've got to come over there the cutest
thing oh my gosh that's awesome I I got
to see her
chickens we're just taking pictures
nonstop here my boy Squad all
right yes thank you thank you oh yeah
hello
look at these
beautiful yes hi there what are your
names CHR Chris awesome p pise yes yeah
oh awesome
W let's go take picture
again okay thank you guys I'd like you
to meet our security for today what are
your name name Alex Alex John John
awesome I think we're in good hands look
at their muscles like yeah I don't got
to worry today we don't have to worry
mobile High Squad endless photos here
with Filipinos and
choros yeah thank you thank you all
right we have Stella here yes and are
you Filipino or Chamorro I'm Filipino
awesome I used your videos in Filipino
Club at my high school you do you have a
Filipino Club awesome president oh good
for you I look at this my boy Squad very
proud and because we're Filipino we're
taking pictures yes yes thank you nice
meeting
you my boy Squad we have friends here
what are your names I'm Ry I'm Dylan
what's her
name sh sh hi Shai hi Shai yeah I was
going to say Chase Chase all right Chase
Bradley Bradley oh okay Bradley and
because we're Filipino we're taking
pictures your and there's mom there's
Mom right there Hi all right thanks guys
nice to meet you enjoy the CD guys we
have more friends here what are your
names I'm Brendon awesome and because
thank you I love you guys too yes and
mauai Squad loves you too half a day
guys all right to thank you are you guys
all Filipino yes all right because we're
Filipino we're taking
pictures yes please tag me yes nice
meeting you guys
bye I'll miss you see you my boy Squad
first of all look at those lenses wow
look at those those Shades they're so
hot I love them what are your names uh
my name's Claudia Claudia I'm Geneva and
Geneva nice to meet you
guys awesome all right what are your
names Leah I'ma Arnold awesome because
we're Filipino we're taking pictures
full of pride
yes thank you guys we have friends
bearing gifts what's your name Marie
Marie and Sean Sean all right so Maria
is full Pai yes and sea is half all
right and look we have we have
this thank you so much I can't wait to
see what's inside my daughter wrote you
a letter too she did yeah they love
watching especially with Malaya oh yeah
Malaya you see that you should be here
you have F yes you should have she's my
boy Squad awesome thank you so much I
appreciate it yeah that's really nice I
can't wait to read to open all of these
gifts and because we're Filipino we're
taking pictures
yes all right thank you thanks so much
nice meeting you as well it was finally
nice thanks for dropping
by Squad and this my daugh I'd like you
to meet leaya Leon Guero oh I think I
know you from online oh my goodness oh
yes yes hi okay I totally know her see
it's so cool seeing a name on the
Internet and then connecting a face to
it yes oh it's a pleasure to meet you
finally yeah all right I've been waiting
I've been waiting thank you thanks for
coming I I miss you the the other time
when you were here oh I know I wish I
could come to gu more often I think I
might so but I like I told you in this
morning I will do everything I can to
come over here hi what are your names
Abby Abby oh you guys are so cute and
you are Filipino or chamoru yeah you're
Filipino okay because we're Filipino
we're taking pictures yes yes thank you
see they're taking picture with RJ too
they're asking about Malaya as well maai
squad for sure guys more friends here
what are your names Chloe Chloe Calin
Kelvin edit edit and it's her birthday
it's Mom's birthday yes happy happy
birthday thank you yes and half a day
because we're Filipino we're taking
pictures
yes yes thank you this girl says she
watches all the Vlogs she is tra boy
Squad yes love you so excited right now
thank you who do I address this toin cin
Calin so C or
k cool oh wow wow from the concert there
you go Kelvin and then this one is for
Chloe Chloe
there you go Chloe thank you there you
guys go all right we have a new friend
here what's your name hello I'm Jan from
Guang all right and are you Filipino no
I'm not Filipino but I know how to speak
talo wow very niceo oh impressive you
speak better Tagalog than I do I do and
what nationality are you I'm Chinese
Korean awesome and you're living here in
Guam yes seven years wow a long time now
viswam is a beautiful island definitely
will mhm my boy Squad you hear that see
guys we have friends here what are your
names say your name momy t Yoshi awesome
and and this is the dad Jason Jason all
right look we got twins we got a cute
girl and are you guys Filipino yes
awesome and because we're Filipino we're
taking
pictures yes thank you bye guys nice
meeting you see you half a what are your
names uh Kyle Kyle Ariel Ariel Camy and
cam
because we're Filipino we're taking
pictures
yes yes thank you guys so I find it
interesting when people want me to
vandalize their beautiful mobiles but
I'll do it to make them happy how do you
spell your name a
e r i e l okay arel there you go I like
your case ooh another one this one is
Hello Kitty do you mind if I write on
Hello Kitty's face okay let's vandalize
Hello Kitty's face what's your name
Cammy I like that and then now time to
vandalize the face at least it looks
like eyebrows there you go thank you
Camy hi guys we have more friends here
what are your names Annie
Gabriel and Annie awesome guys we have
more friends here what are your names
Abby RJ and RJ oo RJ also nice and
because we're Filipino we're taking pict
your
yes yes thank you we have more friends
here what are your names
K Kyle awesome because we're Filipino
we're taking pictures that's right yes
thank you mauai Squad I'd like you to
meet fellow mauai Squad sha Shena all
right because we're Filipino we take
pictures that's right wow look at this
and who do you want me to sign this to
you yeah okay
then yes moreai Squad guys what's your
name Le Leona awesome and because we're
[Music]
Filipino yeah so cute see she
know when Lanna look at the
camera thank you adorable I love that RJ
is taking photos
too from Florida you are yeah and I live
here forever oh my God okay my boy Squad
we're having a conversation and you're
just standing there very awkward okay I
know we have some new friends here hello
what are your names Irene and Elsa all
right nice to meet you guys are you
Filipino of course awesome and because
we're Filipino we're taking pictures of
course awesome you ladies are wild oh oh
but you're so no you are ow oh my ow
love you that's going to need some ice
love you I love you too bye wow those
ladies are crazy hi there what's your
name Lucas Lucas awesome and what do you
have there fidget spinner a fidget
spinner show me how that works wo it
makes me want to fidget and
spin wow wow wow guys Millennial toys
okay come let's take a picture Lucas
let's take a picture over there with
Mommy look at
Mommy all right thank you bye Lucas sure
what is your name Rona Rona hi all right
we're taking selfies now thank you come
in come come come wow look at that shirt
amazing thank you hold on oh my gosh
Hazel okay 1 two all right guys we're
going to check out this barbecue block
party now I'm kind of
hungry of people okay we have a new
friend here what's your name Jordan nice
to meet you where do I get these glasses
everyone's wearing them take no no no
I'm not going to I'm not going to keep
them but they look really nice
sunglasses Etc sweet go got it all right
now we're taking pictures yes thank you
thanks man let's try this guys look at
it it's ribs guys we have a friend here
what's your name Esme Esme so cute are
you tomorrow yes yes half a day half a
day all right let's take pictures
all right yes thank you there's a Hot
Dog Eating
competition oh my God look at how big
those hot dogs are wow to let you guys
know man I could eat that but look at
that I would just be going
H wow so it's a timed Hot Dog Eating
competition everybody's looking around
like what are the competitors doing oh
my goodness I've seen Mark eat before so
let me
S 5 4 3 2 1
time I think this guy won remember wow
so this guy won last year and I think he
won again this year all right W this man
can eat all right we have a booth here
our lovely friend here has been helping
take care of it okay so apparently it's
more meat and
greed
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
okay my boy Squad we have my boy Squad
here what are your names my name is my
name is k awesome and because we're
Filipino we're taking pictures yes all
right yes thank you morma boys SP here
what's your name Mia Mia and you're
Filipino yes okay because we're Filipino
we're taking
pictures yes thank
[Music]
you more vandalizing what's your name uh
Samson Samson all right Samson let's do
this there you go man thank you so much
all right more Mobile sign what's your
name j Justin JN Joselyn all right okay
oh my goodness this is a nice phone
thank
you I hope my husband will let me come
home tonight oh no okay um as a as a
friend I guess mobile signing is a thing
here on
gr hi there what's up what's up is going
on man oh hi hi Filipino boy oh yes
hello hi there oh my goodness wow okay
we're going we're going where are we
going now thank
you what's going on here yes you been
ready to judge we're we're judging
you're judging oh it's like a it's like
a a room a special
room okay so what's happening here what
what is this what's going on you're
judging we're having our barbecue block
party it's a competition so you're
entering the judging chamber oh my gosh
Squad
we're judging we're judging food hey
look at this all right lots of friends
here oh man followers look at that guys
my boy Squad we're in a judging
competition we're judging food like the
taste sign for
beef so we just finished chicken and
pork we just finished oh aw yeah so up
next is beef oh okay so can you explain
what we have to do here okay so
basically you're here with the men from
the mic Chef's Association awesome and
these guys are the guys that set the
tone on what the judging is going to be
about appearance wise taste wise texture
wise presentation uh even as far as
thermogenics and Grilling oh wow a CH
okay we got a cheap judge here for this
food call Justice well let me tell you
you picked the right person to judge I
love food you're not vegetarian right
I'm not vegetarian no no no I I eat meat
we eat lots of meat on this channel as
you know um okay guys we're judging beef
I love all kinds of food this is going
to be hard now actually I get criticized
for saying M too much and I could never
be a food
critic but okay guys we must assume
judge disposition here we're judging a
serious competition serious food beef
okay this is going to be fun we could do
this my boy all right so my boy Squad
I'd like you to meet of course there's
Ken and fill what should I be looking
for like texture flavor tenderness
appearance this is a barbecue
competition got to look like it's
barbecue you know so on the grill and
then you have this great taste you're
going to the heaviest weight taste like
like street street food barbecue but you
got a street food barbecue Enthusiast
your your own personal preference as far
as taste how much are the winners going
to win uh they have various priz 500,000
, $1,500 what wow 3,000 like 4,000 and
prizes cash wow okay the stakes are high
here no pun
intended oh my goodness guys I'm excited
and I I have a preference I also like
rare same R yeah so how is this cooked
is it cooked like well done or up to
them it's up to up to them it's up to
it's up to them and how they make it the
tastiest and the most tender texture
wise Kings of the
yeah they want to throw down and see
who's got the the flavor the texture and
the appearance all right the bragging R
all right this competition is called
Kings of the grill oh my gosh we're
going to do this my boy Squad here we go
we get pictures everything here we go
here's the first
contest W oh my goodness it looks so
good my boy
squad6 7465 this is serious okay got the
picture of that okay so here's the
scoreboard appearance tenderness I
actually need RJ's help because I'm
always
saying to everything and RJ is more of a
range this is called brisket brisket so
brisk beef brisket beef brisket but it's
not only be a beef biset it's a
certified Angus beef briskets which my
company Triple J festar wholesale
certified Angus is the
best
certifi certified Angus that Mar come on
choose which one you like my you can
grab oh my
Gody eat
[Music]
[Music]
it
