hi today me and my mom are gonna watch
the top 10 places to see in the
Philippines yeah I like that yeah
hopefully we can go there one day after
all of this
we're the hidden gem of Southeast Asia
is right here
the Philippines my favorite of all
countries that I've traveled to it is
some of the most beautiful landscapes
and the most incredible people you will
ever come across now before you start
taking advice from a random stranger I
want to give you a bit of my background
my name is Christian LeBlanc and I spent
the last two years traveling southern
station and with that I spent about 3
months of it in the Philippines if the
country I plan to revisit very soon
let's get started with countdown number
10 is Boracay Boracay is easily one of
the most popular islands and all of the
Philippines and with that it can get
pretty busy sometimes now not gonna be a
good thing that can be a bad thing the
great thing is you can guarantee you can
find some extremely beautiful hotels if
that's in your budget you can also find
some relatively discount ones too so
budget shouldn't be too much of an issue
here the nightlife is pretty good and
the food selection is great Borka has
everything from low-end hostels all the
way up to extreme luxury hotels it can
be backpacks but I definitely expect to
spend a bit more money here the island
of Bora Kai itself is extremely
beautiful some of the bluest waters
you'll see and some of the finest white
sand beaches I would assume this is how
it got so popular the population of the
island has outgrown the infrastructure
at least 10 times over and this can lead
to a lot of congestion but you're gonna
spend most your time on the beach anyway
so what does that matter
number 9 ah slob Oslo is extremely well
known for one thing and that is the
whale sharks this is a place where you
can actually go and swim right next to
these gentle beasts now there's a little
bit of controversy that surrounds us
because the whale sharks are fed but
I'll leave that up to your discretion
it's such a humbling experience swimming
next to an animal that could literally
grow as large as a small bus in record
they grow up to 40 feet although it's
very unlikely you'll see one this large
only 30 minutes away there's a couple
sets of waterfalls
Touma log is the most impressive of the
tube it's a massive drop-off that
creates a beautiful mist now if you're
looking for more of an experience with
the waterfalls check out a key need
water falls because you can actually
scale up them you can jump off with them
it's much more interactive than just
looking at a water log it's definitely
worth a visit number 8 on my list is
malapascua it's very unlikely that
you've heard of this place before but
there's a great reason to go and it's
this one animal that lives below the sea
it's very unlikely you've ever heard of
this place
but malapascua is
home to one of the most beautiful
creatures I've ever seen the thresher
shark if you're a scuba diver this is a
must
there is no fish more impressive than
the thresher shark it has a long tail
just like a sight you see a beautifully
cutting through the water for me this
made going to malapascua 100% worth it
now the dive scene is incredible but
it's not the only thing malapascua
island itself is extraordinarily
beautiful again if you haven't already
noticed a trend
extremely blue water fine white sand
beaches and relatively expensive
accommodation so this definitely has to
be something that you save up for it's a
very small island and all the
accommodations on the island are quite
expensive do a little research we even
managed to find a bit of nightlife on
this incredibly dormant Island my
girlfriend Laura really hit it off with
the locals if you know anything about
the Philippines
you'll probably be shocked but I put El
Nido in seventh place el nido is easily
one of the most beautiful places in the
Philippines and arguably the world the
beauty of this place leaves you in awe
now let's start with the great things
about this place the for island tour is
incredible because it lets you see the
sirillium blue waters the jagged cliff
sides it's seriously Earthborn it's
nothing like you've ever seen before
the days in El Nido are unforgettable
because you'll spend your entire day
hanging around these beautiful
landscapes but this is where the
problems start when night hits it
becomes a bit less enjoyable I'd say El
Ninos electrical grid is archaic at best
when we backpacked we spent at least
half of our nights in darkness and worse
than the dark we spent it without any
fan or air conditioning it gets
extremely hot in the Philippines and
when the power goes out I become a
pretty unhappy camper in addition to
this if you're planning to do anything
like I do as a youtuber uploading is
basically a no-go the internet speeds
are so slow and it will drive you mad
now there are some ways you can get
around these inconveniences if you spend
a lot more money you can actually stay
at accommodations that will have backup
generators and this will at least help
take care of the problem of your air
conditioning going out so you won't
sweat to death at night I want to end
this on a positive note because despite
all the inconveniences of El Nido the
beauty of this place makes it all worth
it so you have to go check it out if you
end up going make sure you do the for
island tour and make sure you climb
Tarak cliff if you're willing to risk
your life it's extremely jagged but the
view you get is unforgettable the next
on my list is bubble bobble is a large
and magical island there's so many
things to see and it never hurts to be
that's how we find some of the cool
hidden gems it's like this little hole
in the ground no pun intended
with the hole being a big island you
could easily spend five to ten days here
the most popular of the beaches is alona
beach and this is a place where you can
stay at a five-star hotel or a guest
house or hostel the pricing is
definitely on the expensive end but
nothing unreasonable also a must in
Bohol is to rent a scooter some of the
most incredible riding I've ever done
has been done here on this island
you take the scooter you drive up
further north from alona beach and
you'll end up visiting these guys these
are tarsiers animals only found in Bohol
they basically sit like this all day but
what more could you ask for I mean just
look at him he's chillin Mondays am i
right also worth mentioning I did go out
further north to and a beach and
although I liked and I didn't love it I
found it a bit of a dirty Beach for me I
would prefer to have stayed in alona
beach rented a scooter and used it to do
day trips like seeing the tarsiers the
chocolate hills etc you'll also see a
lot of European inspired churches while
exploring the Philippines this one here
was built by the Spanish and was
actually shook up during an earthquake a
few years ago just after visiting the
tarsiers you're gonna see the man may
force and true to its name it's a force
that was actually hand planted by men
it's a really awesome feeling because as
you drive down this narrow road you feel
like you're going through a tree tunnel
it's great for Instagram goals and it's
definitely an awesome feeling as you're
riding on your scooter
after the man-made forest about another
30 oh there's an ad wait let's let's
lower the music for this ad oh boy sorry
guys for the ad skipping it true what
some people deemed the main attraction
of Bohol these are the chocolate hills
and you'll notice they look extremely
similar to a Hershey kiss I don't know
that's why I didn't call that button the
name is definitely fitting you can drive
up to the top of one of the hills and
actually get a pretty good boost up the
entire mountain range I definitely
recommend it number five is the place
that's on very few people's lists
dumaguete is an incredible place and
there's a lot to see and do here the
place I spent almost two weeks scuba
diving and exploring its beautiful
nature if you go to dumaguete check out
Casa dodo Falls I know I'm probably
butchering it but already down below
right across from dumaguete is a short
boat ride to papal island make sure you
check out this place April Island
translates into English as Turtle Island
and it's well-named because everywhere
you go is serious brah there's sea
turtles everywhere and these chillers
are used to having people around so they
don't mind when you swim up next to them
just make sure not to touch them this is
by no means in Dumaguete but this is one
of the must must must use of the
Philippines this here is manju yachts
and
I call this place the Maldives of the
Philippines it's about a two to three
hour drive to get here from dumaguete
but every single minute of the ride is
worth it once you arrive you arrive at a
little dock you take a boat across about
45 minutes and you arrive in paradise if
you have that extra time or you want to
take your Instagram to a whole another
level you better check out manju gowda
sandbar those are just a few of the
things you can do into them again
there's some nightlife there's great
restaurants and a whole lot of nice
hotels and resorts this is a place for
anyone on any budget number for almost
on the podium but not quite callous on
Falls also known as body on Kenya nari
now before I even get into this if
you're not too afraid of heights and
you're not afraid to get wet this is one
of the coolest things that you can do in
Philippines it's a full day trip where
you're guided through these very narrow
curve asses where the water flows down
creating these awesome little waterfalls
it's such an amazing experience that you
really can find that many places in the
world
I brought my expensive slow-motion
camera it allows me water from housing I
risked it for you guys you're welcome
body on canyoneering is a guided
expedition and you cannot do this alone
by law you need to have a guide and I
highly recommend it anyways you would
not want to do this alone it's not too
expensive from my memory it's about 30
US dollars you get a guide and he shows
you through the canyons he pushes you
off the cliffs and you even get a meal
out of it so it's not too bad but at the
end of the canyon is the world-renowned
callus on fall this waterfall literally
looks like the exit to the gatorade
factory the water is this weird
fluorescent blue that looks like it
should be bottled and sold to people at
a very high price the water is quite
cold so it's a very nice refreshing
break after a long day of jumping
through canyons now I must mention that
when this was filmed I was actually one
of the last groups to have gone through
the body on Canyon in quite some time
and I'm not even sure if they've
reopened the municipal government shut
it down because they were worried about
erosion so do a little research
hopefully it's reopened because it is
one of the top things to do in the
Philippines also random insert you'll
see roosters everywhere in the
Philippines and cockfighting is
basically a national sport I named him
Fred the bronze medal goes to my
favorite landscape in the entire world
this Beach is seriously heaven and I
don't use that word lightly it is my
favorite and I'm honestly blown away
that to this day Nach pond has not been
developed as a resort town this is the
most incredible landscape that I've ever
seen now if you remember we talked about
El Nido being in seventh or sixth place
well knock pond is about a 45 minute
scooter ride away from El Nido so again
if you were on the edge of going to El
Nido consider this you will get knocked
upon in El Nido together because they're
only a scooter ride away from each other
the problem of not pod is this
because it's such a beautifully
untouched landscape there's nothing on
it there's really only a couple guest
houses with which they have no
electricity after a certain hour I think
it's after 6:00 p.m. you have two
options you can either rush the heat and
stay in a very basic guest house on one
of the most beautiful beaches in the
entire world or you can just write the
scooter from El Nido and drive back to
your hotel resort wherever you're
staying in El Nido but one of the most
epic day trips you'll ever do this
island here is my silver medal it's
probably my favorite island in the
entire world and it's easily the best
island in the Philippines it is the
definition of exploring getting lost and
seeing things a few others have ever
seen before
Vontae on island is basically like
Boracay before Boracay blew up it has
the beauty that will one day become a
developed area but for right now this is
a place that you can experience to
yourself there's so much to do here from
exploring the jungle to exploring the
beautiful beach that surround the entire
island there's even goats that freely
roam this is Jerome definitely check out
the mangroves there these little trees
that grow on the water go explore the
other side of the island where there's
literally no identifiable landmarks just
beautiful and touch nature and so many
kids just playing on the side of the
road definitely say hi to them they
really appreciate it and they're a lot
of fun to hang out with I joined a few
kids and playing some basketball and it
was definitely one of the highlights to
my day it wouldn't be a perfect island
experience without a perfect sunset and
bongcheon certainly has a lot of in fact
the Philippines has plenty of them I
don't think I've seen more beautiful
sunsets in my entire life you really
start to take them for granted because
every single night you've got a sunset
that could easily be one of the most
beautiful you've ever seen now I want to
call it the winner because everyone's a
winner guys but just kidding this is the
winner of my top ten of the Philippines
: Quran is definitely not the easiest of
places to get to it's pretty far north
in fact it's even farther north than El
Nido it's more inaccessible than El Nido
and it can definitely be a bit of an
expensive place to visit because it's so
inaccessible you either take like a five
hour ferry from El Nido
or you can fly directly from Manila
definitely expect to pay top dollar
because the flights
Archy this is not a cheap place to go
now it's time to show you why you're
willing to spend your money to come here
and why you're willing to deal with the
inconvenience of getting here KO rug is
simply out of this world I can't compare
it to anything to be honest it's like
New Zealand in Africa had a baby and it
was beautiful as always
my favorite thing to do is rent a
scooter it's the first thing I do
whenever I get to my new place get a
scooter go explore this island you will
be blown away now I must say the roads
we took on our scooters cook we're
basically like off-roading
there was some very loose gravel some
huge rocks that we were driving
but the feeling of exploring where if
you have explored before was so worth it
similar to the whole they have mountains
that look like the Hershey Kisses
they're not called the Chocolate Hills
but they're very similar looking when we
drove down this road we probably didn't
see tourists for the entire day this
might sound scary to some of you but
it's one of the most amazing things the
local Filipino people are some of the
friendliest and most accommodating
people definitely don't take that as a
bad thing it's an incredible feeling of
truly getting lost in a place that
you've never been before
now after exploring the rural side of
Kuran for the day we went to the more
touristy spots there's these beautiful
hot springs where people generally come
for sunset if you come here around 5:00
p.m. you can definitely expect to see
tons of other travelers it's a really
cool way to meet people the next day my
girlfriend and I and a couple of friends
rented kayaks and we went and kayaks all
the way across to a set of islands now I
don't know if I recommend the kayaking
because it truly was a very very very
very very difficult workout but it's
good to stay in shape while traveling so
maybe this is the best option for you
there's also the option to do Island
towards similar to el nido so maybe
check that out if you don't want to go
through excruciating heat in a kayak but
when we made it to the other side the
work was so worth it similar to the
landscapes of El Nido you have to jagged
cliff sides and incredibly blue waters
and the feeling of being cut off from
the rest of the world it's extremely
energizing to do that every now and then
these are among some of my favorite
drone shots I've ever captured Thank You
Cora this is Laura looking graceful but
then she got bit by fish at the end of
the day we put up the white flag and we
paid someone to tow our kayaks back
behind their motor boat it was the best
decision we ever made if you like this
video and want to see more like this
check out the videos linked below I have
top-10 list of Thailand
I really didn't know the Philippines
look like that yeah isn't that beautiful
it's like gorgeous I want to go there I
want to go there Mont krieger the
Philippines after all this please can I
go to the Philippines it's beautiful
yeah all of them except I don't know if
I wouldn't want to be pushed off any of
those mountains I would I would be
scared about that is that like a thing
guys let me know in the consoles you
have to be pushed off that mountain
called the tour guide be like look you
know I want to go on the tour just don't
push me off the mountains what about you
ditto
and then swimming with the sharks thing
that kind of is a little scary
because how do you know that it's not
gonna eat you no yeah yeah I don't trust
a shark
please send me this wine so please can
you react to it so we definitely reacted
to it thank you so much Simon for
something is I just want to shout out on
my patreon my patreon of the day is
Michael thank you so much Michael for
being a patreon guys for $1 a month you
can help me make awesome content maybe
me and my mom can save up and go to the
Philippines right mommy that was great
yeah it's great I want to go there all
right guys thank you so much for
watching this maja kita bye love you
like this video share it
