amazing basic answers relax
rethink and again
[Music]
everybody come back back to my station
and make tea people yeah
long time no see no reaction
nothing is there it as useful like I
said that job as soon as I come up with
a promise I make it I make it lady
I mean it has gone beyond that promise
okay I don't know why does this happen
to me
you know busyness this is something we
must turn there go and we are undergoing
but it has to be there you know it has
to be in the meantime what I did is
planned for for focusing on something
like this delivered and that's like a I
tried my level best to come up with some
other categories actually to expand my
my you know
activities all right so so that it gets
satisfactorily interest all right so
that it doesn't actually make a bowl
okay so yeah that's that's that's the
reason basically if you have any any
anything to share I've say that you're
most welcome to do so because you know
I'm expanding my categories right now
it's kind of like focusing on you know
singles not not open any movies or rings
or funny videos but I'm getting back
towards those sort of categories as well
and yeah copyright is an issue and
that's why I must think of everything
deliberately before I basically come up
with come up with a decision during my
reaction okay so yeah I will not follow
anything when I would see that you know
kind of a possibility for getting you
know copyright attack you know is high
kind of like that so give if there isn't
possibly it's sort of possible ad like
this I don't think like I'll follow that
out right so what I'm saying if you have
gotten suggestion regarding that
that I could follow girl at Basel no
Punjab this is what I'm I was basically
you know dealing with in the meantime
you know despite getting to do it some
other stuff so what are you do today we
could let's say follow one of your
request that to one of our friends from
you guys sent me and to go for I don't
wanna miss a thing it's been sang by
Rossini first quest alright so let's get
to check this out and talk about it in
the meantime as well as the other thing
that this video all right so don't go
anywhere else
yeah stay till the end of this video I
will be talking about it I today all
right with me
[Music]
yes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
don't
pretty good
[Music]
she expects her sleep
all right let me tell first of all
without Jamie damage she she she
performed one without now today have
been in such a bullet but there was no
no way to make me emotional
so this is such a song that that would
be basically playing around to your
emotion okay so yeah that's because I
was over kind of a different mood I
couldn't even understand that this would
be you know such a significant you
anyways so without any doubt it was you
know what this is what I hang I'm just
getting to feel right now I would like
to say that yeah yeah this is where week
listen to basically music basic answers
relax read thing and decade right it
does
it tells me it does it depends upon even
though
of course it depends upon the situation
we deal with type different supporting
music we listen right but ultimately
music does help us get to relax do you
think and bring in some getting back
towards me you know confidence or level
of satisfaction we wear with some time
now so what I would like to say is the
realities is it just the opposite of of
such kind of stuff okay we are we are we
are living virtually okay most of the
time yeah you know nothing to sexually
so I just would like to say awesome and
great music but yeah reality is just the
opposite effect okay so this would like
to say and yeah pretty good if I I feel
bad I would listen to some kind of
amazing
of course and this will basically player
my emotion and I would be emotional and
I you know if it requires me to cry up
do so okay that's what music does so you
know I don't know why did I actually
feel it that way maybe due to the mode I
am with right now
maybe that's why yeah fantastic
fantastic job
yeah guys if you have got any preference
robots or videos like these or instead
of videos like fun and you know movies
or whatever it is go ahead and get me
give me the link along with the comment
below in the comment box I mean with
your feedback and yeah I want me to
check that out and if possible how to
come up with my own reaction over this
view alright so do so okay
that's because you've got to check this
out this much of course with me get me
kind of a comment or feedback below in
the comment box I'd be grateful okay so
yeah thank you thank you so much guys
for watching the video till now I hope
you enjoyed and liked this video if so
don't forget to thumbs up thumbs up and
yeah
share this video if you want do so and
finally as usual this is Russell signing
off for today and hope to see you on my
next video till then stay happy stay
well and stay excited thinking about the
upcoming video because they do know
nothing about the next Bree alright so
dad's gonna be pretty much surprising
right so stay cool and stay curious
about the next video alright so thank
you so much for watching you till now
hats off
[Music]
