what is looking after that we show this
is this is officially guys my number one
favorite song from fourth in fact even
though all of them are amazing but if
I'd listened to one over and over again
it would have to be this one guys the
love the way you lie it's freaking
amazing the pitches out so fing awesome
one of my favorite in shows yet so far
for you guys and what's up guys welcome
back to that be sure I think I already
said that well I'm tonight for this
right now and we're gonna continue on
the 4th impact journey I reacted to two
other videos before because you guys
have been requesting and guys wash out
the video i kind of mess it up already
but let me know what you guys think
about my hair just got a haircut you
guys got a fade right there see what if
i can always take if so just you guys or
girls i just want a side of the video so
a good like you know now wear the hat
and rock the man but but i don't even
read it afterwards but it has the for
epic I just get right into this guys
don't forget to subscribe if you're
having that because i will be doing the
4th impact journey he does know that is
i mean i will be doing every 4th impact
audition and x factor and so on in
chronological order like what you guys
want so let's get into this and i want
to say before saw this video give me
like 20 more seconds guys i just really
want to say thank you guys for your
inspirational comments you like you guys
say i love you' reaction that all that
it says it's really heartwarming guys
you make me happier than I have ever
been before i started quick like create
the video so I'm like super duper have
you guys did say made the 4th impact
journey and the music is just like like
the dark chocolate to the ears and dark
chocolate is healthy so let's consider
this guy's like oh I'll talk at the end
I call that abuse and I was able to find
the full audition for you guys because
someone wanted me to react to the full
full audition of one less problem I i
had a God day and good luck with that
because good being ariana grande because
normally the songs I've listened to from
what impact they have already blown my
mind and they beat the original titanium
bang bang show me how you boost good I
don't know how to pronounce to enough
problem can you beat I on gone out of it
I undergone is when my favorites but I
think the girl I undergone day like the
one who sang a part of bang bang can do
this so easily but let's get into this
guy's 321 comfort osha's
I can't wait to my sake I'm just too
pumped I'm so sorry guys forgive me look
at them back oh my goodness can I have
that as like my wallpapers oh that's the
house I need you to bring down Sam oh
yeah oh hey I just met you literally
this is crazy can I marry you thinking
of the right song is very very oh shut
up and dance grandma remarkable are you
oh this is the remarkable oh you like
the practice round we're in for a treat
felon first wanted to be perfect and the
best they don't even look like Angry dig
dig they're having powers but they're
still like you're not rich getting mad
he said I like that that's awesome this
is why I love them so much I don't they
don't have a single block your perfect
school with a good instinct choose
whatever you want I think I could have
pulled it out there's been a lot of this
again you gonna do we once try won't be
frozen by Ariana Grande Oh
how about dangerous woman cuz you make
me feel make it no way ladies no please
tell me they won focus oh my gosh it's
Wednesday you got me there so sexy and
amazing batter well then we are badly
Taking are you bad your first audition
every audition perfect there's bo beat
it by michael jackson we're getting a
hint guide the next video to stay there
I could see it I can see it good oh my
can they get any prettier sigh found
I'm in love again
[Music]
oh my gosh I can't I really can't guys
good too much I'm gonna have a harder
guys it's just um oh this is so good ok
this is can they get any better Donna
suit I stay just keep on getting better
and better guys
oh my goodness
good I hate to say but it is as good as
there is no guy
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I thought NATO's are on time Orson it is
yellow part oh i can't come back into
the phone i have is important so much i
want to be a problem for you ladies
can I get the autograph I told you she's
good my colleague on beige she's ionic
Johnny when I think they all just sing
dangerous oh my neck recommendation got
one less fun without you know they ended
the song like always look it's very good
does it was right that he ran the
happened like I get to do that oh and i
would get to hear the criticism there
should be none what happened to her
looks so different oh look at these
ladies oh my gosh like what i said we
even have a flaw
think I ready to say anything good on
both ends are so few tastic no one way
bigger great singers and you've got
attitude and you're passionate and two
after handless exactly you have been an
outstanding job show mentoring these
good yup definitely remember family than
I you know when I listened to the artist
and you listen to the artists they knew
what they wanted to be the song was
perfect choreography was great but the
vocals were fantastic girl who actually
know this again they were very difficult
fictions i'm so happy i did that
something that is so much more you
perfect song for you and I think you've
just said like the level this
competition needs to be out well there's
no perfect perfect good boys so it's
like it's like how does it come out what
happened to you look this friend you
know what you guys have such a great
bond it's just lovely to even like
understanding but while of the moat is
this different last name of such a great
bond it's just lovely to watch and I'm
just really happy that you decided to
come on this show to do that so thank
you very much yeah hey stop the motor is
vitally that's what I'm from America
okay I just have to do a very very quick
shout out because true of your biggest
fans work me there please open like a
shout out Simon girls honestly I
couldn't be more proud let me show you
let me all right can roast we're
thankful to have you you are fantastic
and this competition
both weigh 150 are you gonna say
something about thank you if you enjoy
that call this number all right Omega
with you complete oh my gosh thank you
for your comments there's a little
amazing away from your son I filipina to
Filipino parties I just keep talking and
we have to fight involving my lighter me
20 is you keep talking look at me
[Applause]
Oh somebody's got talent uh no no no no
all right guess it is over guys what do
you guys think about that while guys you
are all amazing for wanting me to react
in chronological order because I can see
why because like they just get better
and better because I thought I tamien
was the best how's the first one I ever
reacted to get but you guys somebody
kept keep on going chronologically and
they just keep on getting better guys
hopefully it's gonna be my ringtone
that's not weird that's not weird at all
guys no no if you're a huge fan like me
you guys which I know there's a lot of
that everyone gave me like costume
descriptions i love your guys I'll see
you guys on my next video don't forget
to subscribe because I will bring the
whole journey what's next guys comment
down below with snacks and then I'll see
you guys oh I'll see you guys soon guys
and if you want me to act it to anything
or do you have an idea for what should
my next journey be after 4pm prep for
the impact but i really like I think
what impacts gonna be a long journey
because you're still going some that's
going to be a continuation guys because
I want to be the biggest fan ever or one
of the biggest friends because you guys
out there biggest fans too all right
guys my voice is dying right there
alright guys have we have a good night
or have a good day wherever your watches
have a good time stay positive guys stay
awesome thank you for watching all the
way through means a lot to me guys if
you want full auditions comment down
below if you want more full audition but
if you think they're too long just let
me know or I could switch back to the
media kit point but let's see what you
guys
[Applause]
please no guys talking back to that show
and as you can see this is jordan smith
from the voice 2 2015 minute this was
his first audition the chandelier song
but you everyone like I suggested from
my ex factor first horse power / impact
videos they want me to be perfect it's
like it's like how does it come out what
happened to you look different you know
what you guys have such a great bond
it's just a lovely to even like
understanding but while of the moat is
this different last time I such a great
bond it's just a lovely to watch and I'm
just really happy that you decided to
come on this show to do that so thank
you very much yeah there's automotive
Italian that's what I'm from America
okay I just have to do it very very
quick shout out because true of your
biggest fan is working me that me soap
is that overshadow like a shout out
Simon girls honestly I couldn't be more
proud oh thank you let me all right
baskin oh so we're thankful to have you
you are fantastic and this competition
once beginning I wasn't gonna take back
the only one thank you did you enjoy
that I call this member all right omega
with you for me oh my gosh thank you for
your comments there's a little amazing a
bit I filipina to Filipino palace I just
keep talking like to meet you always do
you keep talking look at me look at me
Oh somebody's got talent uh no no no no
no I guess it is over guys what do you
guys think about that while guys you are
all amazing for wanting me to react in
chronological order because I can see
why because like they just get better
and better because I thought titanium
was the best I was the first one I ever
reacted together but you guys we're
gonna cap keep on going chronologically
and they just keep on getting better
guys hopefully it's going to be my
ringtone that's not weird that's not
really our guys no no if you're you I
can't help that you to be strong I have
so much I want to be a problem for you
ladies
can I get the autograph I told you she's
good my colleague on beige kids I got
economy but I think they all just sing
dangerous on my neck recommendation got
one that's done without you know they
ended the song like always look it's
very good right I'm gonna happen but I
get to do that oh and i will get to hear
the criticism listen denied what
happened to her looks so different oh
look at these ladies oh my gosh like
what i said we even have a flaw prefer
parody to say anything good on both ends
are so few tastic no was it that wasn't
way better than the great singers and
you've got attitude and you're
passionate oh and two after handless
exactly you have been an outstanding job
show mentoring this group yep definitely
remember family the life he never
listened to the artist and you listen to
the artist they knew what they wanted to
be the song was perfect choreography was
great but the vocals will fantastic girl
who actually know this again they were
very difficult fictions I'm sorry that
something that is so much more you
perfect song for you and I think you
just said like the level this
competition needs to be out no there's
no perfect makers you make me feel you
can make it no way ladies no please tell
me they won focus oh my gosh it's
Wednesday you got me so sexy and amazing
matter well then we are badly taking a
man fresh audition every audition
perfect the bo beat it by michael
jackson we're getting a hint guide the
next video to see that I could see it I
could see you guys
oh my can they get any prettier I can't
i'm in love again
[Music]
oh my gosh I can't I really can guys too
much i'm gonna have a hard drive it's
just um oh this is so good okay can they
get any better honestly I stay just keep
on getting better and better guys oh my
goodness this is good too I hate to say
but it is as good as the ridge the guy
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I thought they told her on top oh it is
yellow part Oh someone wanted me to
react to the full full edition of one
less problem I I had a good day and good
luck with that because good beating
ariana grande because normally the songs
I've listened to from what impact they
have already blown my mind and they beat
the original titanium bang bang show me
how you boost it I don't know how to
pronounce about that problem can you
beat a young gun out of it I undergone
is when my favorite but I think the girl
I undergone day like the one who sang a
part of bang bang can do this so easily
but let's get into this guy's 321
comfort oh she's next guy way too
much i'm sure i'm just too pumped I'm so
sorry guys forgive me look at them back
oh my goodness can I have that as like
my wallpaper oh that's the house I need
you to bring fam oh yeah oh hey I just
met you literally this is crazy can I
marry you thinking of the right song is
very very oh shut up and dance Batman
remarkable
are you oh this is the remarkable Oh
like the practice round we're in for a
treat felon first it's all we want it to
be perfect and the best they don't even
look like Angry click dig the having
powers but they're still like you're not
rich getting mad he said I like that
that's that's awesome this is why I love
them so much I don't they don't have a
single block your perfect school with a
good instinct choose whatever you want
uh I think I could have filled it out
there's been a lot of this again you're
gonna do we once try all controlled by
Ariana Grande whoo
how about dangerous
what is looking after that we show this
is this is officially guys my number one
favorite song from fourth in fact even
though all of them are amazing but if
I'd listened to one over and over again
it would have to be this one guys the
love the way you lie it's freaking
amazing the pitches out so fing awesome
one of my favorite intros yet so far for
you guys and what's up guys welcome back
to that picture I think I already said
that well I'm tonight for this right now
and we're gonna continue on the 4th
impact journey I reacted to two other
videos before because you guys have been
requesting and guys first out the videos
I kind of messes up already but let me
know what you guys think about my hair
just got a haircut you guys got a fade
right there see what if I can always
take if so just you guys how I girls I
just other side of the videos once i get
like you know now wear the hat and rock
the man but but i don't even run
afterwards but it is the four epigrams
just go straight into this guy's don't
forget to subscribe if you're having
that because i will be doing the 4th
impact journey he taught no that is I
mean I will be doing every 4th impact
audition in X Factor and so on in
chronological order like what you guys
want so let's get straight into this and
I want to say before saw this video this
give me like 20 more seconds guys I just
really want to say thank you guys for
your inspirational comments you like you
guys say i love you' reaction that all
that it says it's really heartwarming
guys you make me happier than I have
ever been before i started quick like
create the video so I'm like super duper
have you guys did say made the 4th
impact journey and the music is just
like like the dark chocolate to the ears
and dark chocolate is healthy so let's
go show you this guy's like I also get
the Anaconda reviews and I was able to
find the full audition for you guys cuz
