ah
[Music]
[Music]
in association with Jaguar lighting
inspired by the Sun Moon and stars
welcome back in this segment we focus in
on the Philippines and the threat of
Isis wall of war between government
troops and the multi group a proxy of
the Islamic state has now entered its
23rd day this in the southern Philippine
city of meroe the government says 240
people had been killed
202 are militant 58 government troops
Isis has released a video and photos
showing Islamic state loyalists taking
charge of abandoned armored cars full of
dead troops even the United States has
troops in the region the Philippine Army
says that the siege should have been
over by doing the 12 the country's
independent day but now says it will
take some time so the big question is
how did Isis allegedly with the ridges
in West Asia make its way in presence
felt in Southeast Asia and what if any
are the implications for India our
senior foreign editor Pizarro explains
the battles been raging for almost a
month and has taken more than 50
civilian lives it's a war between troops
of the Philippines armed forces and
Islamist terrorists who claim to have
slain hundreds of soldiers and forcibly
converted dozens of Marathas minority
Christians to Islam Filipino analysts
point to the marked group led by is
Milan hopalong who switched loyalties
from Abu Sayyaf the old affiliate of the
al Qaeda in the Philippines to the new
kid on the bloody block of Islamist
terrorism - or the Islamic state whoever
stabbed and shot people dead in Marathi
the Middle Eastern men in black
the ISIS were quick to claim credit for
the ongoing siege and plug it as a sign
of their arrival in Asia but how do
foreign fanatics make inroads into the
heart of a continent alien to them with
a little help from their local friends
of course they provide logistics contact
fools to radicalize innocent minds
curricula and plenty of clandestine sea
and land routes to transport weapons
inside and there is the be RNC preaching
rigid Salafi Islam there's it's brutal
branch the are KK which is set to enjoy
convenient breaks in Malaysia after each
violent attack and there are also
equally radical tul o GM IP and the be
BNP the indigenous Al Manar da rule
Islamia and km m in neighboring malaysia
may have been defeated but many of their
members have melted into newly arrived
foreign formations both from the middle
east and the immediate neighborhood like
the al qaeda and the isis there's a
silver lining in neighboring indonesia
though terrorism some local Indonesian
groups have decreased dramatically but
there is no dearth of murderous tourists
the Islamic state took drought charge of
the heinous suicide attack in Central
Jakarta in which five persons were
killed and dozens injured just two years
ago but what about India
home to the third largest Muslim
population in the world and located just
over 4000 kilometers away from the scene
of the battle in the Philippines for all
its rich pickings and tiny neighboring
countries like the Maldives and Sri
Lanka India for the Islamic state has
been somewhat disappointing by using
sparse pickings but there is always
dependable Pakistan to turn to for which
the Islamic state over the South Asia
Bureau just two years ago
there's no direct involvement of the
Islamic state in terror attacks within
Pakistan so far but there are plenty of
local tour guides willing to assist and
heading the Islamic states local chapter
is none other than half si Han who as
the ex chief of the kavika Taliban
Pakistan even comes with handy
professional experience the greatest
danger to India will come not from its
own but from its northwestern borders
and beyond from Afghanistan from where
the Islamic state has been steadily
building a support base in Pakistan
reportedly through among others Bilal
Masjid in Islamabad estimates of the
number of Islamic state supporters in
Pakistan and Afghanistan vary between
3,000 and 8,000 according to Karachi
zone police in 2016 there were more than
two dozen Isis militants active in the
port city alone
the ominous black flags of the Islamic
state have been spotted in India state
of Jammu and Kashmir
there are frequent attacks by Pakistan's
army and the Islamist Arab rusev
supports upon Indian troops and
civilians along the border to India all
the candlelight marches in the world
will not succeed in preventing the
proliferation of such groups in Pakistan
as long as Islamabad own state
institutions of a training arms and
support but to effectively isolate a
region already known as the mothership
of global terrorism India will have to
seek out its other neighbors like Nepal
Sri Lanka Bangladesh and the Maldives
given their own ties with Islamabad that
may not come immediately but at least
when the poison of the mattis's and
blood is their own soil it certainly
will but morale be on already get
perspective on it this story we have
Andreas Lawrence a former correspondent
for your Spiegel and South Asia and we
also have we on Pandora who stays with
us to help us understand the ISIS
control over Murari thank you both for
joining us tonight on gravitas let me
first start with you
Andreas you know the threat let's bring
it home to Southeast Asia specifically
India the fact that this ongoing
fighting has been going on in the
Philippines
what are is any of the implications for
India I honestly don't know what kind of
education so India exists I honestly
think that at the moment there is no
danger for India to be become a target
of Isis the problem really lies in the
Philippines and and the problem lies not
only in the Philippines but especially
in the southern area of the Philippines
where we have some criminal and some
Islamic gangs doing what they are doing
kidnapping trying to get control right
but by the way they are also criminals
types like the mounted multi group and
the interesting thing is that these
Philippine rebels that they call them
rebels if they are not pirates they have
some context to to Isis in earlier time
they they have an allegiance with with
al-qaeda suddenly as I switched we don't
know why they switch their allegiance
now they are with Isis but actually and
honestly we really don't know how tight
the connections are what kind of
connections they have do they get
weapons from them do they get schooling
from them do they have personal contact
or is this just propaganda to say to
make the peak of writing trying we are
part of Isis all right let me go to Al
Padma really quickly.i Padma you know
the fact that you know perhaps there's
an outsourcing we don't really think
about that outsourcing terrorism but is
that what Isis maybe is looking to do
sort of a work with groups and send them
out and then once they've succeeded if
you'd like to call it then claim say we
have succeeded Isis has done XYZ I mean
is that the new friend
I guess in the world of terror yes I
mean Isis is known to claim things which
it sees as you know done by its
subsidiaries so to speak because that I
just like to introduce properly my
colleague Andrea fluent and the other
end of the Skype line andreas as we all
know has been you know was one of the
journalists was kidnapped by the Abu
Sayyaf in in the Philippines for I think
about 19 or 20 days and he was in
captivity and he's written you know he
didn't extensively on it and I was part
of the same company at the time so I
would like to ask andreas on beyond
sphere under us do you feel you sense a
change in strategy of Islamist
terrorists in the Philippines since the
time that you were abducted or do you
feel that I mean you feel that they've
grown stronger or weaker what is your
section I'm not researching that there's
at least until now there is no change in
strategy they are going on with
kidnapping making money out of
kidnapping or trying to buy weapons of
that they are as cruel in their
invective nipping as they were what I am
right right what I'm surprised about is
that what's going on now in in the city
of Nairobi it seems to be that they do
SIA has found some more people and
bandits and groups willing to cooperate
with them and this is a sign that the
Philippine military which is quite well
educated and it is even supported by a
survey in the American they say cannot
win against these people
all right unfortunate that the other we
are out of time for this discussion but
we appreciate both of your perspective
before we let you go we are going to
thank all of our guests and wrap up on a
heartwarming story that we don't always
get to see on the news a group of women
in Afghanistan are now running an
all-female news channel called on TV to
try and improve the mindset and break
stereotypes followed by our
correspondent Dan le Pagani in Kabul I'm
artistic Audrey have a good night thanks
for watching gravitas and we hope you
enjoy the story Afghanistan is no
country to women and it is not a
stereotype it takes just one day around
the streets of Kabul to understand it
shops squares markets men dominate the
entire public space with thousands of
cases a year domestic violence is the
norm true it happens also to find women
working in NGOs hospitals and government
offices but it is still an astonishing
minority and mostly located in the big
cities Sam TV is a brave experiment that
TV channel thought for women by women
sixty brave ladies work here and not
trying hard to change the country's
mindset even some of the furniture is
breaking exterior time sings on TV the
chaos death among commanders for
membership this channel has been
established to achieve more justice we
want to just society you want the same
rights as men you want to be allowed to
work together with our brothers to
contribute in making a society more
open-minded
it have a bad Sam TV is the brainchild
of the media entrepreneur Hamid Samara
who thought it was now time to start
breaking gender barriers and this
project we started that first time in
Afghanistan but rather more focused on
estates problem but there woman
disappears on a daily basis and last 16
years the international community's
another a lots of other ages there's so
many things for the moments but our
Torstensson ultimate experiment this is
why these ideas come to our mind cricket
let's if you can just make a TV and it
will be like an famous for TV for the
moment and they can actually put you
know the ability Sun means woman the
channel aims at providing a chance to
all those women who do not want to live
in submission all their lives the large
majority of women in Afghanistan are
confined within their houses they can
leave the domestic walls only if a close
male relative the company SAP HANA
modest abducts mother nature women do
not have a job they have many problems
in our society when they are working in
office they often get harassed by men
colleagues we are trying to highlight
these problems to show them to the
people women have the ability to work
outside they are not made to stay within
four walls they can go out they have to
work with their brothers and show them
their abilities we can work out of our
house and socket anima that soviet telco
but women inside their houses have a
television and reaching them speaking
about their problems and issues is what
is on TV reporters hook to do that
college although i came here to show and
report about women's problem and i would
like to solve those problems
i would like to reach all women's ears
when I come in the morning I prepare
reports then we start recording for TV
then
we air it we select the news which are
more relevant to women there is all the
energy of a new generation of Afghans in
the women working at some TD a
generation which is more exposed to the
world willing to fight for their rights
from loved ones contoller to the level
and from college members of Afghanistan
is my homeland and I respected but
beside this I know that we have to build
it by ourselves
we have to work a lot we have faced
discrimination against each other our
problem is discrimination between
genders tribes ethnic groups
we must put all of this behind and think
more about how to build our homeland the
more of a scale a bigger all the road is
people long though
zhan TV needs investors to win it space
in a crowded media arena but the real
challenge perhaps is to cross cables
boundaries the Afghan aspirational
educated middle class is mainly an urban
phenomenon with a very little footprint
in a rural country still made of
villages and ruled by old traditions it
is the first time in the history of the
country that many young women gather in
order to understand what is going on in
their own country in to deliver news to
a large audience
this is undeniably a sign of how times
are changing in Afghanistan where a
young generation is becoming more and
more open and aspirational the Nalepa
Ghani from cattle for real
[Music]
you
[Music]
