am i a blogger Oh am i abundant oh my
god I just stepped outside and you sent
me pictures of the furnitures here Oh
mr. sun is shining down on me welcome to
our Manila home
[Music]
[Music]
so you chipped your nails double you
tell you lost your phone life's a
rolling stone on a broken roller coaster
scream [ __ ] move on throw your hands up
move on it's all good today is your day
transition put yourself and go session
if you one things can go your way gotta
get to where thought is the roads
already been pain
here the ready now coming for King on
side I got some things I gotta do
ain't happen on his own
my soul
there's the sun is shining on me
Oh
good morning guys and welcome to another
beautiful day in Manila today is a very
special day because finally million I
have made up our mind and are going to
pick some furniture which will be
delivered to the apartment this week
Milla and I can be very picky when it
comes to interior design and as you've
seen with travel to the furniture store
already a few times looked at a few
things it's going to be nice to have
some expert opinions on the matter and
then we will put in our order and
hopefully the furniture will be here the
next two days or so we would be in a big
rush to get the furniture because there
was still a lot of work being done in
the apartment to get it ready to move in
actually we were having some wiring
problems some wiring issues today at 9
o'clock were finally going to come and
finish off the installation of the oven
something really cool and something I'm
really proud and happy of that we have
is our very own water purification
system it takes out all heavy metals and
contaminants and viruses bacterias that
could be in the tap water it flows it
out and expose it in this tank we have a
separate little tackier and this is pure
drinking water and this actually means
two things for one we don't have to drag
water bottles up and down to the
apartment and the second but most
important part for us is it is so good
for the environment because we are not
causing any plastic waste by using
plastic bottles we are not causing any
extra co2 by having cars drive around
the water so much better for the
environment so no more plastic bottles
no more plastic bottles it makes such a
huge difference because I woke up in the
during the night and I J
to the sink and cut some just like we're
back in Austria with it is like Evian
mineral water and this way we're gonna
utilize our water bottles even more
because we can just fill it up every day
and keep it in the fridge we've got nice
fresh cool water ready to go every time
zero passed away
[Music]
back to our home here the SM Megamall
now it's time to pick out furniture make
a final decision we have to make a final
decision we have to make it's my fault
like I changed my mind many times I can
show you my inspiration and we went from
we want that it's very bright and then
we kind of wanted it a little bit dark
just and then we wanted some color and
it was really hard to make a decision
but I think we have it I think we have
it let's talk to the guys here show them
my inspirations show them what we would
like to pick and if it was the right
decision or not yeah all right let's go
start with the living
okay guys if you follow me on Instagram
you might have already seen my inspo I'm
going to ask the people here if they can
help me out with my inspiration okay so
the first thing that we had in mind was
a very clean design very bright and then
we thought okay this might be a little
bit too much because our apartment it's
already very bright and I just wanted to
make sure we have some nice accents and
the thing is that we want to make it
feel very natural so we chose natural
colors dark wood because it's already
very bright we want the cozy couch as
you guys know we've been traveling a lot
and one thing the rumors was couch we
made a decision this is the couch this
is the actual couch but different color
right I think we're going with this this
gray color yeah wait a second let me
show you that's going to be great I love
great we're a great couch in Austria
what a great coach in Miami it's going
to be a great coach again old habits die
hard
yeah I know
you want me to get the swatches yes
there was this watches what are the
swatches different pattern
oh the different colors so my girls a
term in the cosmetic world is called
swatch I know to the pros
yeah I know so usually if you see girls
putting on lipstick on their arm
it's a swatch okay it's different colors
know the watch watch
yeah I know okay so Iman was our our man
is helping us out with everything
yeah I'm I'm so great I mean last time
we were here he was dragging furniture
back and forth in the store because I
said how will this look with that couch
and you carried the chair over here
quite heavy the office chair yeah set up
a whole office for me to look at yeah
mmm is all night like all the people are
so nice so helpful number 18 this one oh
yes
that's nice that's the one right yep
that should fit nicely in do you know
you're in spa yeah so you see here this
is uh this is kind of what we were
thinking for the living room and the
look so we have like the couch and a
similar color like this I think
that's pretty good and we have the
cheese with tripe and about yeah yeah
the barstools so what do you think uh
that's nice it's nice combination good
combination and I think also the carpets
will fit nicely that we looked at you
know with the stairs yeah yeah this
couch and then the tables now we wanted
to take the darker ones okay the wrong
one want me to make up the carpet do you
want to see it with the carpet pressed
here okay there's the in Sparrow
yes what we're going for and that's
that's what we liked so much we saw this
in spot and then we came to our home and
we literally found like every item that
we wanted for our apartment we literally
found this year so we can just match it
together and it's so great we got the
couch we saw a nice carpet that fits
perfectly to the couch that fits to the
inspire that we want to get as well and
then we have these tables as a side
table yes because we're getting like the
nice bright color of the couch keeping
everything very clean and light but then
we've got these nice dark wood elements
that just bring this beautiful contrast
then do you think this fits nicely to
the couch as a side table yes sir and
then the table is the vitalife yeah it's
like a same same type of model same
thing so this is going to be the living
room table yeah fits nicely with the
smaller table so got like a little bit
of a theme going on yes my tables fit to
the main table and then the color of the
dining room table which is on the other
side not just perfectly with us word
yeah that's also what I like you know
here you can always find furnitures in
pierced yeah so like the living room
would will fit together with the dining
room would and the past we've always
battled finding things that match nicely
together so one of the couple arguments
that we had is what's actually the point
where we said oh like I walked in I said
oh I want this and that and that looks
nice and makes it hold on that doesn't
fit together so it's I think number-one
rule to have a theme and to stick to the
theme so guys something that I always
wanted but nearly never will let me have
is nice check this out look at it this
could be me this is so comfortable just
imagine like laying here editing videos
that would be perfect but can anyone let
me have it
everybody comes down below if Mike
deserves this comfortable recliner Mike
I have no idea where to put it
no but it is so comfortable
maybe you shouldn't judge until you try
it so one of the important things for a
nice apartment even if you got it like a
clean design is you wanna have color
accents in the apartment so we went with
this nice kind of like British racing
green Qi and this color will pair up
with the office couch which we'll show
you later yeah little pillow here for
your back to be very important for Mike
because that was missing in the
apartment in Miami we didn't have any
back support of the chair yeah this one
we tried it lost him it's so cozy this
was like the one thing that Milly and I
were both instantly like yes yes that's
what we need yeah so looking forward to
sitting in this in the mornings drinking
my espresso it's my chair Mike I'm sorry
it's my chair you've got your office I
got my chain so we decided to go with
this dining table because I think it
fits perfectly to the couch
these chairs are very very comfortable
but you still sit straight which is very
important for us very ergonomic yeah
very ergonomic it's a nice table isn't
it so as it was clear that we want to
have like a big table because we're
going to be cooking a lot of food we're
gonna have guests over to eat all the
time so we were thinking about getting a
table that is extendable just to make
sure if we have more people over
if it will work but we have enough space
so we don't really need it can go on but
let's show the guys cuz it's so cool
this is like high-tech furniture right
here and I was so surprised because I
didn't know that this one is expendable
to one of the guys showed me this table
yeah it's like a six seater but now
imagine you got this big dinner party on
like eight to ten people to come it
takes like no time eight to ten people
took like no time so if we would have
like a little bit of a room problem you
wouldn't have enough space and
definitely go with something like this
but being that we have the space we can
be a generalist with the table because
we'll be using it a lot hmm really cool
very excited about these barstools
because we have that nice kitchen
counter the high one with black stone
top which will match nicely with the
legs yeah and then we have this really
nice brown leather bar stool here great
place to sit in the mall and check your
emails while you waiting for the coffee
machine to heat up okay so I think it's
time to show you our bed we're switching
over to the bedroom so welcome to our
bed that sounds big but not too big it's
a queen-size yeah super comfy I really
like the head for its prey yes it's
great to our couch so you see the color
scheme is continuing and check it out
guys also the
the bedside tables so nice and all these
legs are like similar they're all going
like skewed arms that's really nice it's
important for us to have something for
like next to the bed just something for
phones to put it in or whatever yeah so
yeah this is this is really nice
and here the legs so for the bedding
self we're going to choose a white
bedding yes Oh Mike where you going
guys helping us carry out this Chi
because we want to have that one in the
bedroom you just want to see one more
time how it looks naked actual bed in
the same wood and yeah nice you know
just to have a little chair in the
bedroom to sit on yeah it's time for
carpets and good news is carpets are 20%
off oh yeah Emma showed me some carpets
with told me one Scandinavian design so
which was really really good once I
think it's nice
so this one is come going to I think to
the living room this is the bedroom one
bedroom one it's really soft and there's
one that is 50% off so I'm going to show
you that one because it's my favorite
one oh it looks very bohemian yeah what
I really appreciate is just the quality
feel the carpets yeah I was like damn
this is really really nice nice oh we
don't have to go shopping we're going
through the store and literally in every
department they've got some kind of
offer going on like in the car to sell
we percent off those carpets are 50% off
and because the couches are just amazing
such a great deal
they have sales and literally every
department yeah Springs I don't know and
they also have sales every week so the
price value is really amazing because
compared to other places that we looked
at it is the best deal in my opinion so
fortune yeah I think other but I don't
mean like we're compromising because the
quality is great yeah
now comes the most important part of the
entire apartment the one thing that
we're going to be spending most our time
on it's the mattress mattress is like
hotels use and what our real love is
made in Philippines
yeah like high quality made in the
Philippines it's so good I can't wait to
have a good night's rest on this
mattress yeah
[Music]
certainly what do we have here drawers a
chest of drawers I love it it looks so
retro
yeah we're getting two of those and what
I'm really excited about this finally to
have a place to put my under way again
so we're not living out of a suitcase
anymore and here we have the element
with the legs and we don't have that
many clothes so I think two of those and
here guys this is what I am excited
about I'd say the most this is going to
be my office
oh yeah editing stations all right
external GPUs big screen monitors
letting you know in the comments down
below if you want to see how I'm going
to set up my whole editing rig so
excited to pull this and you know what
else we're getting in the office slash
studio a comfortable couch yes so now we
had this ongoing conversation about
making it a bedroom a guest room and
making it a pure office yeah and we
ended up going for the office but we're
getting like a couch that can convert
into a little bit for stay office but I
wanted to show you something else this
is crazy
they showed us a convertible J it can be
a couch it can be an ottoman and it can
be a full bed the chick rod kuia could
you show us how how it transforms so
look at this guy you all believe the
boom
[Music]
so you see it converted from Ottoman to
a lounger and then to a full bed how
crazy is that like that so small
that is smart design that is smart
design yeah if you if you have a small
apartment and you want to make the most
out of it yeah even for big apartment
you could use that as an ottoman for the
big couch and when you have guests that
want to sleep you just fold it open boom
you can sleep on it yeah and also like
it's very inexpensive 20,000 pieces 9950
comfortable this is the couch that's
going to go into the office it is same
color like the lounging chair that we're
going to have in the living room and
this actually flips back into a bed so
if you have guests that want to just
stay overnight all we have to do is put
a linen ouvert blanket we're ready to go
really cool and so so so comfortable
[Music]
we got it yes high five
oh all right
what's really cool is and I just found
this out earlier same-day delivery yeah
that's crazy and we should have done
this we should have done was like two
weeks ago
I know so now you guys have leaded us
with comments about to finish you you're
looking forward to it and that's why we
are doing like a whole inside on how we
are going to finish it so I'm really
really looking forward to this exciting
yeah
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
suddenly won't tell us what's going on
oh my god oh I just stepped outside and
you simply picture that the furnitures
here and it's so cool there are the
dining table and I think this is going
to be a very nice workplace I think
that's her alright it's so nice the guys
from our home I see it too puts together
the furniture hey guys hello so this is
really cool because so far we've always
had to put our furniture to get
ourselves luxury luxury service so we
have here a few boxes I think this is a
side table right here we've got our
carpets here this is the dining room
table or our lounger look at that looks
beautiful inside the apartment so nice
and then probably the thing I'm most
excited about is the bedroom
[Music]
don't happen on his own
my soul
there's the sun is shining on me
guys thank you so so much
phenomenal job thank you very much
[Music]
[Music]
days on the play you gotta move you can
get in the groove you can't move speed
bumps only make you aware you know
welcome to our Manila home it's done the
apartment is finally furnished and it
feels so good to be in a beautifully
furnished cozy safe haven of a home so
so nice overall the whole process of
finding the apartment - deciding on one
and you know signing all the papers was
really cool but also kind of stressful
and especially trying to make a decision
on how to furnish it was for us a very
long process longer than it usually
takes us just because we really wanted
it to be perfect and the Philippines is
new to us like if it would be in Miami
or Austria with no way to go to for
furniture and was it was just very young
we were so happy that we did find our
home that made everything so much easier
for us especially with the delivery and
the service of you know building the
furniture together taking care of all
the trash and taking everything away so
they literally came put the furniture
here and left the apartment without a
mess which was really nice
the people at the store was so
knowledgeable when it came to picking
the furniture
give me recommendations which couch
would be arrived which cards would be
wrong
all that kind of stuff was really
amazing and I went to over the next few
weeks talk about each individual room
and why we decided to make it the way it
is and show you a few little behind the
scenes and a few little like tricks and
hacks that we have for each room and how
we organized it all and what was the
total price four hundred and fifty
thousand about around 450 thousand and
I'm really happy that we got it from one
spot only because I could not I could go
from Manila traffic to different stores
and what I've been really difficult for
us from an organized organizational
standpoint to pick furniture from
different places I'm really happy that
we found all the pieces even got a few
pieces on sale which is nice really cool
they also offer financing so like you
can do like a month or its monthly
installments I think over six months or
something which is really cool anyway
guys we'll go into more this video is
very long already we're going to details
to every single room throughout the
vlogs in the next few weeks there's a
few things that we want to show you but
before today we're going to end the vlog
here and just enjoy our apartment we
will see you guys in tomorrow's vlog
same time same place remember to stay
awesome be positive and make it cozy
there's the sun is shining on me
