hi my name is react dad don't forget to
like share subscribe and hit that
notification button now get out my face
[Music]
but if you crazy mother
[Music]
what's going on everybody it's a boy
truth it's your birthday boy everybody's
birthday blanket you too pretty come
here back at you with another video
today's video big time it's gonna be
what was requested how to Travis telling
everybody it's your boy the birthday boy
creepy music critic and come in the back
at you whatever because video was
requested man by a few people and I
wouldn't kicked out like the first
couple of seconds of whatever first I'm
3540 seconds as always you're doing
everything every video I have to see if
it's interesting man she saying I'll be
honest with you if I'm not gonna be
other as a video it's hard for me to
give a good honest great reaction
whatever I just want to see what it's
like you know I'm saying so anyway so
with that being said this is how to
travel to philippines baby I'm ready to
see how we need to try the Philippines
y'all said oh well you know when it
comes to the Philippine Leon hit 500,000
subscribers you need to watch the video
how to Chavez guilty so that will be
doing cuz we don't hit 100 no 500,000
subscribers by the end of this year I'm
hoping by the summertime really big time
cuz we can do it I'd have seen it done
you hear me so y'all I got it done who
did it
DMV nation in like four months they hit
a meal or four month you know me and
Lolly have 1.6 million and I quit the
seventh month crazy into 10 months 6 or
7 months he just bought a new Chevy
truck he just bought a new Chevy Camaro
he bought a whitening I know I'm just
saying he just bought a truss today our
yesterday I was saying now and
everything yes good thing as is survey
came they came from nothing to something
you don't have to watch their story and
you just have to watch how they can
there's a progression in their life like
they were living in a run-down apartment
you know and you can tell the blinds was
all bent happy I'm happy happy fun to
come up yes man I love the piece of
stuff don't care who it is yeah
okay you will get stuck on the side
knows about the Jeremy yeah well you go
dansgaming we can identity Philippine we
go into the Philippine rocket field
because y'all are awesome
so y'all keep encouraging us anyway
y'all keep throwing up good positive
vibe anyway
y'all keep on keep on birthday man
anyway we brought to the Philippines the
Philippines online appeal oh my ass
anyway not obey you gotta take the
serious about the journey then you don't
buy that
yeah I all the time and go on the
diamond well you should have said that
at first you said it's a type of journey
Oh anyway if you know anything about
this content on any other content on our
child go ahead smash the like subscribe
I don't know case but no way you can
join Chris so you some critic and I'm
yeah each and every day we jump video
for father we do have fun people don't
like box anyway so with that being said
the link to the video description below
subscribers remember smack the hell out
there like button that way you to lay
low because we love you and if you're
not a subscriber what are you waiting
for
good-bye baby now okay maybe a lots of
nothing all the Middle's are fun but I
was a fake no no let's go to the bike
it's awful when they see the blue eyes
that blue sorry
well far nothing
Oh No okay all right all right series
like in 2050 I have a free pleasure of
traveling to nine Asian countries and
spending almost seven and a half months
abroad every country how these things to
offer it but the Philippines was by far
my gosh I'm on a more beautiful way
about the matter really of water the
Mogul a plant is only so much to do the
Philippines of the size of over 7,000
Island
I saw her but you know it's my time in
the Philippines consider three main area
we all know the Bala Whatcom people but
when I am axillary you'll be learning in
Manila however we'll remember this we
gamma XY from Manila I had to either
Paulo on or kyboot for artists other
words people normal people
and they went 15 minutes away got a
hotel and stayed there for about two
days socks on is beautiful but we don't
recommend spending too long there
after that we caught a crime where we
would go to the local bus station
because give me wedding cell these are
the buses used by the locals they're
highly affordable highly placed and I
highly recommend using them once
everything in the Philippines is
affordable a ferry going to market for
American when we arrive in human getting
you got on the Filipino tricycle you'll
see them everywhere we took one of them
into dumaguete and said the rest of the
night drinking and singing karaoke with
our newfound friends Oh
the next morning without only out
looking down there come on [ __ ] island
oh I want you know that bus today was
traveling all that you time is not a
normal bus then I've trusted with the
bus the actual but it's actually
activation you know it's paint from it's
like a Humvees or something like that
from when the World War two a world war
one and they took them in transformed
during the buses
and they use those you'll see a whole
bunch of them is like armors looking
buses or whatever and you'll see a whole
bunch of other roles ie like these on us
I pointed out thee but they like silver
now fighting decorating there cuz I
looked at another video about the
Philippine heating well okay it was just
about the Philippines when back what
about traveling oh god what is he got on
the island we rented this crappy little
car it broke down like five times any
other options you have to rent some sort
of a vehicle because there's no other
meaning transportation the evil island
is known as a mystic island or for a
greener magic however we didn't see
anything too weird
okay [ __ ] also not very well known the
probably weird
I barely want any other store and I'm
merely the location knew of it it's one
of the most beautiful places I saw while
travelling 270 million dollars only
beach I think I saw like saying it wrong
but it was done oh my gosh I remember
looking almost done a lot about
immutability away and I look zero to
something and next thing I know these
three dudes literally lunch themselves
off into the ocean it may as well be
called peer pressure peace because
everyone's of jumping at the end of the
day I was jumping with one of my
favorite pieces and all my gamma maybe
[Music]
since our last fancy horn my wife I'm at
the Logan astray so the enjoying
traditional Filipino meal known as a
brutal site the reason it's called that
is because one mole is certainly being
pitted free-for-all this consisted of
fish sea urchin seaweed and a bunch of
spices it was surprisingly good coconut
I want to eat it or we run back to
dumaguete and then straight to Oslo Oslo
and everyone is the thing and that is
the whale shark well America angling we
made increases you'll ever see for $30
you get 45 minutes between next week
whale sharks and there's my big night
yeah society the pink fish so then on so
everybody butterfly sonic many needles
around me but it's still very impressive
I recommend you know what something
making their fair share of thrift and go
back to notice no they don't need a very
very early you have extra time in Oslo I
highly recommend checking out Claudia
it's only about a 15 to 20 minute
motorbike ride away and it's definitely
worth the site now this is a bit of an
educational route but when I highly
recommend you're going to go on love it
we went straight to fullfil opal is a
large island beach because it's a bit
unusual you won't see this advertised
online class what we did is we simply
went to appear in Oslo and apps around
until we found driving your boat across
I think we needed our twenty to thirty
dollars for passengers yes you'll have
to drive all the way back up to Cebu
City and catch a plane or a boat from
Cebu City after spending a day on the
beach one of the most beautiful pieces
we rented a scooter and headed up north
you can chocolate hills this is a full
day trip in itself there's a lot to do
you can see the beautiful camera KK
creepy little monkeys with big eyes
known as cars here and of course to
knock the hill I love boho oh wow I'm
meditating that out loud too awful
Wow Momo is a big tear in Bohol and took
a boat going back to Cebu City once in
people city we took a jeepney going down
to body on this is about a three and a
half hour bus ride Audion is incredible
beautiful areas really one of the most
memorable experiences of my entire trip
we also like over there right now hard
rock if I were to imagine or like
everything from I would imagine it was
here where water is one of those unique
Belize you'll ever see in your life and
one of the best parts of the whole
experience is when you get to the very
end of the canyon can you relate to this
beautiful waterfall known as telethon
Falls the company we use is called body
on the group I mean we can do I run
around with half your body on we went
all the way back to Zuma Getty or
Gujarati about fifty dollars to get a
boat biggest April iris we put that cost
among the four of us and paid another
$10 we get an Oracle gear for the day
turtles the reason protocol is able to
move around the facility non-film attack
and it makes total sense
we thought about seven complete without
a management system absolutely no one
has other people work daily after April
Island we made our way all the way back
to knocked on the airport where we
originally landed in people from the
people Airport we had a one-way flight
support our instead of Palawan there's
an incredible cave you can explore
important concepts uh but we didn't
spend any time and headed straight to el
nido we've had about $15 to have a
passenger van drive up north sonido now
you're probably asking why do I go all
the way down Ito the answer is that it's
probably one of the most beautiful
places in the entire world
in fact it's akin to the fields voted
the most beautiful islands in the world
around my mom honey was an island oh
honey was no time to be here in turn
Laura and I on tour a P chicken's name
worth a TPM V the only one we did was
tour a but we absolutely loved it from
what I've heard the island tour is a and
C are the best
however talk to people around I guess
bills and bring up their snow game on
the mainland of El Nido there's an
amazing cliffside overlooking all of
them you know it's called power clip and
vacuu pretty dangerous you'll need a
guide to bring you up linking around the
town until we found a girl over $30.00
generally dive shops will be the most in
place to go and they can organize you
with anything from accommodation to
source it is major they're not taking
advantage of you do your research
windows open way in El Nido we rented a
bike engine a day trip to knocked on
beach my all-time favorite Beach it was
so unbelievably beautiful that we made
another trip back got to spend the night
it so she started dyeing my American sky
every single living there one note that
should be made is that El Nido often
lose electricity which we need
appreciating ly hot day in the night
remember to avoid us if we still on
Trump's a nice generator I'll need a
little rake up a man but I visit Lauren
I did you guys we thought eternal
massive school to fish whatever all the
diving into a case with
I know I know but I want to go further
north and ever on the run is widely
known as the best place to scuba dive in
all the Philippines the sunken worship
divers
there are being why should that way when
I'm not on TV
okay we use the locals way of
transportation it's not on the top of a
giant we say probably about two dollars
each and there was an amazing way to
meet the locals I highly recommend you
going your way not only save money but
try these unique and authentic
experiences nuts on each of my favorite
Beach and all my programming really it's
truly a hidden gem you don't want a
knock on beach you're missing out on a
huge part of what made the Philippines
don't mess with me I absolutely love
heart that time was essentially our last
night in the Philippines after knock on
we went all the way back to port the
Princesa took a flight all the way to
Manila the capital with a barbecue and
then Russian relooking from Manila
how do on do it mai tai Manila Luzon
unforgettable I love you so much so I
know going on and all the security video
I got I can say but Rhino area I think I
need the Marines in the Philippines bit
yes yes the building is very very like
any country there will be bad places and
places you should avoid in this case I
recommend you avoid itself with the
building also known as Mindanao the best
resource will always be your national
embassy see what they have to say on
every country you plan to visit but to
conclude this question facilities was
one of the safest countries I visited in
my entire time in Asia the second
question is do I need a visa to visit
the Philippines you actually don't need
to buy these and many but what you need
is we need to buy a ticket and business
crucial is almost effective Lauren I do
know one how to turned around when you
go into the Philippines
you'll of course I bought a one-way
ticket into the Philippines or you also
need to have purchased a return ticket
your tickets cannot be more than 21 days
apart because 21 days is the most per
country allows you to stay without
special permission I highly recommend
you always do your own research because
firms can change but to conclude make
sure you have your return tickets bought
in advance
the third question is where should I go
if I don't have time to people's Palawan
and people well the completely depend on
you okay mine is you have more to do
you've all seen between the whale shark
cliff jumping going canyoneering
and even island hopping how long on the
other hand has a bit less collection
you're either going to port to Princesa
or you're going to el nido and El Nido
is absolutely stunning
so I would highly recommend you make
your way there but if you don't want to
spend ten days laying around the beach
and doing Island tours I recommend you
use people both people and palawan have
incredible islands to offer and you
can't make them both work in this trip
maybe six that are doing one now and
doing the next in the future it's
definitely worth returning any other and
the last question is is the Philippines
expensive now I'm not going to go into
any details but a very vague answer is
no it is not accelerating is very
impaired we'll be traveling from
Thailand a meal will cost you anywhere
from two to five American dollars and
accommodation is a little bit more
expensive going anywhere from seven
dollars all the way up to fifteen
dollars for a reasonable accommodation
overall traveling the Philippines is
very affordable and I highly recommend
it this video just gives you a small
glimpse of each place but if you want to
see a bit more in detail check the
description box because I was blogging
every day I created blog for every
single experience you have ability
having a layover in the Manila Airport
the scuba diving in El Nino so if you
want more information on a particular
event or simply want to see our
adventures from start to finish I want
to place a mocha idolise log to my
description I hope you guys found this
video and China whole ways you have any
questions that I can answer
feel free to leave them in the comment
box and I'll see my daddy to get back to
every single one of you trim loops and
as always we'll be posting daily blogs
as I coming from an invasion in North
America over the next year so make sure
to subscribe because there's a ton more
to come I'm not subscribed to me but it
says we will be there fixed in the block
Thank You Christian you're awesome that
was great detail
on that man y'all go subscribe to
Christian man because he did your island
in your country correct man yeah so go
subscribe crystal donk if you haven't
already because we like to share the
love man that was good my laboratory
I didn't mind those two no you look
beautiful there oh you have a beautiful
heart ah anyway that was a beautiful did
that make you want to go to the
Philippines
yeah like Hawaii but not yeah you could
tell a difficult like oh yeah he was
going down like the little kemal thing
like with El Nino I believe with the big
old tall mountain way up and I could
like smell the fresh air I could feel
like the cool breeze coming down range
is hot but like you know when the line
subscribers when you got the big
mountains oh okay you have the water you
go down the canal I love it yeah it like
takes away
that's quite a while about his favorite
but like you can just feel like how
monstrous is creation and God has made
its power though you know man with all
the greenery on and you just going down
the middle of it
hey oh my golly you just blew harder I
thought you blow like 100 mile off you
want anyone here if you liked the video
go ahead smash that like button man if
you like you boy crispy into critic and
you want to support him on his birthday
and you're new to this channel anything
I beat is and undrew
go ahead and smash it like subscribe and
notification button big time okay that
way we know you love us all right and
you're like us and you want more oh my
bad be honest you want one GLaDOS feel
like if develop you want my oven well
thank you all for coming out man y'all
are all thank you for requesting this
video because I got me more motivated to
get the 500,000 subscribers we're gonna
do it and we love you for everything you
all do for now
[Music]
