so manny pacquiao you better get your
ass here right now I ain't playing
you'll be fighting every single day no
brakes
[Music]
[Music]
yo what's up everybody welcome to
Seabury actually guys having a wonderful
glorious fantastic day your Boise bear
is back with another requested Direction
video so today I'm gonna be checking out
14 reasons why Philippines is different
from the rest of the world so I'm with
more time original video link will be
down in the description below so you
guys can check it out for yourselves so
let's go ahead and get into this video
and that's both so since I've been
reacting to a lot of stuff regarding the
Philippines I thought it would be a good
idea to get some insight and learn a lot
more about the Philippines and hopefully
find out some secrets as far as why you
guys in the Philippines sing so damn
good so this looks like a very
informative video this is the 14 reasons
why the Philippines is different from
the rest of the world let's go to Yahoo
right Late Late Late Philippines if you
know what I mean tropical coconut
turnout what if I told you there is a
country where over 175 languages are
spoken people text more than anywhere
else in the world and boxing excuse me
sir my biggest bar I'm raised oh wait a
minute
turtle what if I told you there is a
country where over 175 languages are
spoken people texts more than anywhere
else in the world and boxing fights
directly influence crime rates hmm it
sounds pretty much unbelievable but it's
true in the Philippines okay 14 there
are more than 175 spoken languages there
are two official languages as of
Christ's Filipino based on Tagalog right
English
Filipino is the more commonly spoken in
pop culture language and the government
of the country uses English in their
work by the way the Philippines are
number five on the list of the world's
top English speaking populations after
US India Pakistan in the UK all this
sounds very plain and ordinary but in
fact the diverse linguistic groups
living in the country use over 175
languages for their internal
communication since many of them exist
only in spoke most common languages
you see late the exact amount
wait-wait-wait-wait official languages
say subway no never heard of these
before in my life II volcano sounds like
a volcano hilly gain on those look more
like dialects rather than languages hmm
175 languages y'all speak in the
Philippines that's crazy
Oh goddamn oh is it 13 their capital is
the most densely populated city in the
world the nation saga ended 16
surrounding cities that make up the
Metro Manila area have a population of
twelve point eight million people during
the daytime this number gets way higher
since many people come here to work a
lot of real number doesn't sound that
crazy take note that all those people
live and work in an area of sixteen
point five six square miles
oh thanks the population density equal
to one hundred eleven thousand two
people the guitar goes longer a mile and
that's five times the Paris for example
that's crazy
12 they have churches in shopping malls
shopping malls are entirely a place
where you buy stuff for Filipinos they
are safe air-conditioned community hubs
with joy so y'all come praise Jesus
y'all can have your fellowship praise
Him hallelujah thank you Jesus and then
you got you can just walk out the door
and then you can just go to the shoe
store and get you some shoes some Nikes
some adidas it's a very interesting
combination I mean it's a good excuse to
go to church I mean you should want to
go to church just to go to church and
praise Jesus and you know and all that
good stuff but that's a good excuse if
you ask me he signed me up you know cuz
I haven't been to church in like ten
years
I'm a heathen y'all that's a good reason
to go to church No
integration for the win I mean sign me
up okay just saying clinics concert
halls nightclubs parks and even churches
inside so it's no surprise that they are
the favorite place it's a very
interesting combination of many locals
and three of my Kanazawa largest
shopping malls are located in the
Philippines they are mega Fashion Mall
of SM Megamall SN City North EDSA and SM
Mall of Asia eleven Filipinos are the
number one texting nation in the world
who already know Filipinos love meeting
up with friends at shopping malls and
when they can't see each other in person
they text and when they do it they
rarely limit it to hey how are you in
fact they send about 400 million texts a
day and that's around 142 billion texts
a year it's more than the US and you
400 million texts a day yeah must be out
shall damn I'll be texting books and
novels and dictionaries and
encyclopedias
Yama's phone bills must be skyrocketing
at this point like the [ __ ] the more the
merrier I guess but God Bing
okay Philippine I am learning a lot
y'all a lot there's a lot going on
there's a lot going on yeah Europe put
together exactly a little number for a
country 107 million people 10 they have
a unique form of transportation if you
visit Allah
you'll notice some interesting looking
vehicles called jeepneys they are
converted US Army jeeps it's needed in
the country after World War two oh
they're fancy looking to knock the grass
up to 18 passengers who jump on the
jeepney going in their direction and
ring the bell for it to stop there are
about 50,000 jeepneys in Manila so
different what is it like instantaneous
you just ring the bell and then the the
GP just stops because here in the States
I rode the city bus like twice in my
life and as far as wanting to stop where
you want to stop you have to ring the
bell like one block away from where you
want to stop so I don't know if it's the
same system as this or if theirs is
instantaneous like if you just ring the
bell and they just stop like right there
on the spot because if that's the case
they definitely need to put that in the
States as well I'll be really there'll
be a very convenience system if you ask
me
I like that bus I like the design all
stars charge it makes me want to hop on
the bus
and whatnot on them ha pirates who maybe
bombers with genies safety concerns and
pollution they produce huge amounts of
black smoke so hurry up if you want to
ride before they get replaced with a
Rapid Transit System
ok one of the islands has more volcanoes
than talents the Philippines are without
a doubt a super scenic location on all
the islands that are a part of it
comedian sure stands out oh by the way I
was on Instagram live earlier today and
apparently there was a volcano eruption
in the Philippines today so I just want
to pray for everybody in the Philippines
a safe evacuation you guys be safe out
there
pretty please I'll be praying for you
guys alright just wanted to say that
first square mile than any other island
on the planet the island is 14 miles
long and eight point five miles wide and
has seven volcanoes and five towns and
even though earthquakes and eruptions
shaped it volcanoes have been deep
asleep since the 50s so thousands of
tourists can safely visit the island
these days eight their national flag has
a secret meaning the national flag of
the Philippines six bands of blue and a
white triangle at the hoist with a
yellow Sun and a trace each are standing
for one province of the country the
yellow star stand for the three largest
island groups Luzon Visayas and Mindanao
wins the flag really unique is that it
can be reversed to declare a state of
war this happened during the Filipino
Revolutionary War of 1898 to 1901 and
during world war ii in 1941 to 1945
seven boxing directly affects crime
rates in the country Filipinos love
boxing and are crazy about their most
famous boxer Manny Pacquiao whenever he
fights the whole country is glued to its
TV and I can imagine the Philippine
National Police BMP crime rates in the
country drops significantly when he's in
the ring during his 12 run fight against
American boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr that
went
9 a.m. to 3 p.m. not a single crime was
committed in the whole manila
metropolitan area it was basically the
same
I'm sorry for pausing yeah I'm sure they
did if that's the case in the
Philippines we definitely need some type
of system like that here in the states
because the crime rate here in the
states is absolutely ridiculous like
every single day so Manny Pacquiao you
better get your ass down here in the
States you better be fighting every
single day I don't care if you're tired
we need you to stop the crimes here in
the states because goddamn every single
day something's going on y'all like it
is cray cray out here in the states like
we definitely the influence that he has
is amazing first of all Manny Pacquiao
is a man so influential
we need that type of system here in the
states like Furillo so Manny Pacquiao
you better get your ass here right now I
ain't playing you'll be fighting every
single day no brakes
okay let me stop ya let me continue I'm
sorry just thank you yeah that's the man
right there wait a minute I got a pause
once again y'all somebody filled me in
on this when I was reacting to uh like
reaction I did a long time ago with more
ceremony I asked a question
what's the secret what makes you guys
sing so good in the Philippines and
somebody told me if you try the rice in
the Philippines there's your answer
there it is y'all there's the answer the
rice is a secret culture I caught you
Philippines and hmm give me some rice
right now some vegetables
most of which get exported and it is
believed if all the terraces had been
built in to end they would stretch
halfway around the world today these
places bring the country more money as a
tourist destination than rice plantation
and so they play an important role for
the breathtaking limits for they produce
a lot of coconuts urban over years the
Philippines had been the number one
producer of coconuts in the world and
even though the leadership now belongs
to Indonesia 153 million five hundred
thirty-two thousand tons per year is
still impressive number isn't it these
coconuts are used to make anything from
all these high numbers three the first
European to visit the Philippines was
Ferdinand Magellan her dairy Explorer
made the first record of the Archaea
Palacio among the Europeans in 1521 he
founded the first settlement in Cebu and
thus most of the area became a Spanish
colony this explains the fact that
around 90% of the population are
Christian unlike most of the country's
neighbors in 1898 that means went under
us rooster and later in 1946 became an
independent republic - a Filipino made
the first karaoke machine if you let
much lettuce along thanks Filipinos for
your favorite pastime that makes a
Waterson karaoke my sombrero was created
in 1975 by Roberto del Rosario he
patented as the sing-alongs I knew they
were gonna talk about music in some sort
of words to claim his creation he still
remains the only patent holder for they
think somebody was talking about that in
my webkinz the population is extremely
good-looking along with nearly horse
neighs a shopping Sara Hanuman crazy
about beauty pageants there's the other
years of American rule that gave them
this love for competitive
Beauty but the fact remains a fact they
have won in all major international
pageants 15 times
yeah we're four girls crowned Miss
Universe won Miss World six title
holders of Miss International and for
Miss Earth crowns the first official
might give me a Filipino girl friend
Jonathan Rhee in 1908 and since 2001
it's not just about beauty but also for
the promotion of environmental
protection okay would you like to visit
the Philippines
I've already been there in the future
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends man click
Subscribe song train on the bright side
of what I saw in this video I am so
intrigued it's very informative 125
languages a whole leash is me
y'all gotta teach me a little songs I'm
gonna calm down that's at the
Philippines churches and models
y'all just like all about integration ok
for the win I mean bang I mean that's a
good excuse to go to church nowadays you
know because like I said I might evening
I haven't been to church in like forever
I was really intrigued by this
information it makes me one of those to
the Philippines a whole lot more I love
the little jeepneys were really really
cute I love the graphics on the jeepneys
those look really fun to ride all the
high numbers in this video I mean y'all
be texts in books and novels y'all's
phone bill ariana reach or something
y'all can't just say hi I gotta say I
learned a lot in this video or lots a
lot a lot a lot there's a lot to consume
in process I'm still trying to process
this whole situation if somebody
recommended that I visit the beaches
when I visit the Philippines and based
off of what I've seen in the video I saw
some beaches and they were looking hella
breathtaking y'all like Oh beautiful the
rice terraces - beautiful scenery I mean
just breathtakingly gorgeous Philippines
is a beautiful sight to see
and I cannot wait to experience the
Philippines for myself I will be in
Manila I want to travel to Manila
Philippines in the summer so hopefully
that will all go as planned hopefully
nothing gets in the way I do have plans
on coming to the Philippines in the
summer of 2020 June 1st 2020 so you guys
be on the lookout I may have to do like
a little meet-and-greet when I'm down
there so you can highlight your boy
Seabury ex you never know y'all know so
anyways yeah that was my reaction to
that video hopefully you guys enjoyed
this reaction i'ma go ahead and let you
guys go please please please enjoy the
rest of your day and like I said with
the requests dropping down below in the
comment section thank you guys so much
please
