what's up everybody to friendly game
area dog Nichols back again with another
reaction video as always by my side ha
Sam ha Sam and we're coming out to you
with SCI 9 happiness compilation number
9 we did number one and I was like I
want to do him in order and then I was
like you know what I don't want to do
them in order anymore because number
nine just came out and I want to watch
it and I don't want to sit around and
wait for us to get through eight more
compilation order to be able to watch it
yeah so we're about to watch this one
today they don't new it okay you match
probably like we would go watch this one
today alright let's jump in it and check
it out I love cyanide M&S they bring me
much happiness explosive entertainment
like the Disney
[Music]
maybe
her site on my blind dates dude I wonder
if he's kind I wonder if he's strong
wonder if he's the man like me they all
belong to
[Music]
I wonder if he's thinking of me
[Music]
oh they went through a lot faster this
time with dad Oh what that's nice son
really great job okay eat up
[Music]
[Music]
hey internet backup I'm good why was
this button something that your question
yeah my parents are they're very
religious it's cool babe I love you and
this must be charlie Chuck chance just
just ochita
i lay off those cheese puffs yeah
dinner's almost ready
oh it smells great hun a meal fit for
the Lord Himself oh you stop it oh it's
time to say the blessing and thank the
Lord for this feast there we go
now how did it get like this
Jeffster you okay don't make this weird
hey Chester how abouts you'll do the
carving go on Charlie everyone is
watching
[Music]
[Music]
hey this spread looks great and smells
great you're a whiz in the kitchen Debra
who'd you have to sell your soul to to
get this good so party people what's the
first are we gonna take this upstairs
something I should tell you my family's
a little different too
oh hell no [ __ ] this noise I swear to
[ __ ] Christ what has happened to this
country
Lord yes my son I've been walking with
you for most of my life well when I look
back at my life and the path I've walked
with you
go on my son well the thing is when my
life was easy when things were going my
way and life was simple
I always thought two sets of footprints
in the sand yes my son I was walking
with you yeah but Lord when things were
tough when times were at their darkest I
looked back and I only saw one set of
footprints why was that Lord it's very
simple my son
[Music]
we're coming to you live from the
Westside bridge where an ongoing hostage
situation shows no signs of coming muñez
turn playback everybody stay where she
gets it
[Music]
mind if I dribble bread yeah did it sir
crack you're the coolest where the hell
did you come from I felt your criminal
blood from up to two miles away
[Music]
but you're about to be chewed out your
feed is oh oh thank you shark rad you're
welcome
shark rat you saved the day again do you
have anything to say for your fans out
there always do the right thing and
don't forget to do your homework
oh and uh shark rad goes once again to
resume his secret away a little bit
Billy Oh God go away dead and watching
TV have you done your homework yet
hell no I'll just watch it char crack
kick but did he have anything to say
maybe about homework
he said you're finished
it's time for bed Billy did you finish
your homework that dick bit - sounds
like you need a chewy dough oh you're
broken whatever I know I'm gonna get
more in my birthday tomorrow
coz would you just go already get out of
here
good bikes are the top life we're sure
dead weight birthday loves cupcakes
nobody dad this is a boys party oh right
you're so lame
you better got me a new shark rad toy I
got you something a little better than
an action figure which one of you is no
way is it you Billy
your dad told me to stop by and
personally wish you a happy birthday
Wow my dad knows you but he sucks look I
happen to think your dad's wouldn't cool
is dad's I've ever met
sure you're at the right house jerk red
I don't just know your dad
I am nor dead shark red is my is my dad
shark red sucks you suck
what a lame ass even the name is stupid
shark red
I can't believe my life's that guy what
a dumb superhero thanks dad one more
thing you take it away from me loser
what's happening to him doctor
I'm sorry mrs. Henry but your husband is
suffering from a rare rapidly advancing
form of arthritis in his rib cage his
bones are eroding at an abnormal rate
I'm afraid he doesn't have much longer
is there anything we could do well we
could do yes
I think I can play with Cucaracha wild
price right by light by night price
white shakes light with the might of
right to fight
the KKK dude there's a reason I called
you here white knight yeah what's up
chief need me to catch more criminals no
see that's the thing the jail cells are
full I've been meaning to talk to you
about your unusually high number of
arrests what can I tell you chief these
streets are swarming with degenerate
scum all right look here's a record of
your arrests do you notice anything
similar with these well they're all
criminals I can tell just by looking
how can you tell someone's a criminal
just by looking at him it's a power I
was born with I call it my white site
they may look like ordinary people to
you but somehow those dirty delinquents
all look alike to me especially those
ones told the whole Globetrotters the
only court they'll be balling in as a
court of law
hey listen the world you can't you can't
go around arresting wresting what
criminals this you're making us look bad
I am those black people that was the
best one doesn't that's what just gives
like you flipped it Oh check it out
I've done this
[Music]
[Music]
has been shut down he's emotionally
unavailable we've grown too far apart
that we would be better on our own there
are a lot of hurt feelings in this room
you're both talking and you're both
hearing but I don't think either of you
is listening I want you to try something
a little roleplay to help you understand
each other's points of view too scared
to commit because I
[Music]
living at home
[Music]
[Music]
that's all the time we have
how nature did skeletons when the due to
his old man is still like a life
the endings sometimes I'm like why did
it end honey it's not what it looks like
seriously walk that way
haha crazy huh Wow that's nuts
see it's just a Halloween mask a coat in
the brain dead bear was a remarkable man
his survival show taught us more than
how to survive he taught us how to live
it was truly larger than life he will
forever be now the trick to surviving
your own death is to simply not die in
the first place but rather create a soft
fatty cocoon around yourself that's the
difference between Ted bear and dead
bear hello everyone I'm Ted bear and
we're going to learn how to survive try
keep up
now here's the scenario you've decided
to settle down and give city life a try
after one too many close calls with
whitey Bugalugs in the wine watch it
make
but shrimpin ain't easy in this barbing
world limiting civilization you need
some real survival skills up your sleeve
and what better place to look than
nature
[Music]
look at this snakes rental and how it
shakes when threatened that's why it's
called a shaky snake fantastic now let's
try it ourselves excellent thanks shaky
snake where'd you go in the bucket
brilliant I'll bet we can do that too
sir do you know what indecent exposure
means no but I've got a fairly decent
enclosure hey where'd he go look at what
we have here these little guys are
called banana slugs just kidding there's
no such thing as a banana slug food
animal hybrids that's a laugh
[Music]
after these to finish up the beautiful
active sluggy lovemaking the male will
do something absolutely remarkable he'll
eat his own penis yeah hi uh well I
guess uh look I don't think this
survival tactic is work it's just that
how is this supposed to help me survive
in any way gah ah geez oh yeah hello on
Ted bear and I'm about to eat my own my
can't we just use special effects I mean
this is even a real woman well here goes
[Music]
amen this isn't about you you'll never
take me alive
you're fired what it's ten bears studios
he's dead bear
hi I'm Ted bear and I was just doing a
bit of surviving over here yeah
the trick to surviving without a home is
to wait behind this bowling alley and
around 1 a.m. that's when they throw out
all the nachos they didn't sell just
like clockwork
now we're gonna go learn how to use
library computers to Jack Ted bear
you're you're Ted bear you're like my
hero man I watched all of your shows I
told all my friends and stuff about you
too
you're like a legend man
Hey survival hey you why did he go into
the shell you said I go no I didn't see
you there
I hope you're surviving as well as I am
I've got a roof over my head three meals
a day
yes life's looking pretty peachy for all
t on Ted B oh and also you next time
alright good that was good
I like how they break it up with like
the credits and everything yeah I was
like I'm glad that we jumped ahead me
too cuz I wanted to see this one yeah I
wanted to see this one yeah I've been
looking forward to watching this one it
was super good I loved it it was funny
who's your favorite one oh I like the
teddy bear one I'm trying to think of
some of the other ones I like the one
where he's like honey it's not what you
think
and it's like ads I've been a billboard
and they don't want me like falls out
and then there's like the woman on the
Billboard is a real woman yeah I don't
know there was a lot of them when it
comes to when it comes these separate
compilations where there's so many of
them that's like I'm gonna remember all
of them then we watch yeah yeah like I
can't remember em all either cuz I
remember at the end of one of them we're
like oh that was my favorite one so far
and I was yeah I think it was also
because the teddy bear one was so long
like think of right now it was Ted bear
yeah totally I don't know I think Ted
bear was one of my favorite self yeah I
think it was a guy like it left me
wanting to see Ted bear too I was well I
just want to see like that kid
watch a TV show with that case exactly
because it reminds me of like Steve
Irwin it wasn't something I like Bear
Grylls yeah I think that's like the
ripoff I don't know I thought it was
really good I can't wait to watch the
rest these compilations I really enjoyed
Washington I'm happiness they have like
this way of turning things that she's
really happy and upbeat and smiley into
like sad terrible demonic yeah
the demonic ones yeah that one was bad
that one was crazy
oh you know my favorite was the White
Knight the White Knight was the White
Knight was my favorite because we all
thought in the beginning that it was
gonna be the White Knight was racist and
the cop was trying to tell him that he's
being racist but the cop was racist and
also the white guy is racist white
knight is like the name of like I don't
know I don't know but like I feel like
I've heard that I feel like I know they
call some of them are like wizards or
something but I knew as soon as I saw
the little like rogue dude with like the
head I was like this is gonna be was
that one that was the funniest one just
cuz I get flipped it and flipped it back
and like you didn't know where that one
was doing for short dead let us know
what you thought in the comments down
below what was your favorite sure if
you'd like to see us do more of these
compilations let us know as well if you
like this video click that like button
turns blue when you touchin on
everything does you want to see our
featured videos give that subscribe
button uh-huh and welcome to the fam we
came into the new year with over 11,000
subscribers were growing up to blowed up
in 2017 thank you to each and every one
of you comes and hangs out with us and
watching our videos hopefully you enjoy
them and I will s'more stuff I've seen
by E
