I usually so welcome back today we are
gonna be reacting to Mikey boosters and
here's Filipino super stood up the
Filipino superstitions and beliefs
tutorial but before we get started
whatever they're gonna add you and quick
shout out to Keith David before enjoying
our reactions to Mikey boosters and as
well absolutely adoring and love and
everything Mike Bliss assess himself so
hopefully you're gonna continue our
supporting Mikey and ask and we
appreciate it
so let's go ahead and give this one a go
I am super curious of what this video
has to offer and to learn new things
about Filipino clips let's go ahead and
give it a go hola re NOLA this is your V
no boy Mikey Bustos bringing you another
Filipino tutorial now my mom lawless and
relatives obvious to tell me some of the
strangest things growing up but now that
I am older I know that a lot of these
things are just superstitions and
beliefs we Filipinos are so creative
when making connections and Pistons did
you notice that most of my videos
include a bird in some way that's curse
it's because and make a lot of noise
just like my videos and so ladies and
gents this tutorial is about
Filipino superstitions and beliefs let
us start at the beginning of the year
that is we Filipinos believe that you
have to wear polka dots or circles and
also since play twelve brown fruits in
the house they say it leads to
prosperity now Filipinos also believe
that the stroke of midnight
on New Year's you have to jump so that
you will grow taller yeah
every new year I am like a pro if this
were true Holy Week coming up all
Filipinos know that you cannot get sugar
or a wound on Good Friday because a
Filipinos believe that it will take a
long time to heal ready for church you
know my teeth I used to always tell me
that whenever your foams gets itchy it
means that money is coming your way this
then Filipino with an allergy is blessed
because all they have to do is that's
what they are allergic to get itchy and
get babies piss Daniel busters job would
you say experience for this company I
used to touch pussycat
now you know it is always sad new parts
after a funeral filipinos cannot go home
right away we do what is called bug bug
and we go eat somewhere or stop by
somewhere purse because if they said
that if you go home right away after the
funeral a ghost will follow you
he's gargling after all the ones that
are nonsensical yeah
drop off in the Gulf they have to watch
where you point with your finger
you cannot just point at a tree among a
monkey said they sign a landmark in
willya in the province metal arc and
anywhere
Filipinos believe that there are spirits
or twende
also known as goblins that will get
angry if you point at their house in
Park that's probably why we Filipinos
point with our lips like this
Tommy Tommy more so we don't anger that
windy way the people pointing at the big
tree but then my mom told me to bite my
finger because it might anger the Duende
hello my surprise I actually got sick
and got a sore throat and guess what my
mom said it's because that when they
were mad at you is my kill
here girl get some of this to kill the
bacteria in your throat so that you will
be better I'm also making salad Batman
sounds like a mom yeah first of all
there's no such thing as a twin day in
second call me a nerd but 85% absurd
throats are caused by viruses not
bacteria and that's why you need to use
betadine gargle because it gives viruses
in fungi and third there's no such thing
as a twin day there's no such thing if
it one day he's trying to make mommy I
will prove you wrong tomorrow I will go
to that three point that it like crazy
and then gargle with this betadine and
watch I will be buying
it's because I said tobita people yeah
Hawaii Sandman must have so many beliefs
what are some of the Filipino beliefs
and superstitions that you were told as
a kid
be sure to leave it in the comment
section that's awesome so yeah whether
you believe in these strange things or
not we Filipinos will always have the
most interesting superstitions myths and
beliefs see you again got it
okay mommy I did it I'm going outside to
play now I bought 100 white hair
Mykel remember if a bird gets one of my
white hairs and uses it for his nest I
will go crazy so make sure to throw it
on
in the garbage I don't think we need the
bird for dr. paape get smacked up for a
[Laughter]
gallon that was definitely interesting
man hi I think it's fascinating when
different cultures have a difference of
birthdays yeah there are some that are
similar to your own but everybody is
just some different level and it feels
like what as a generation goes the
supposition getting less and less you
know believe them we're back then let's
go with our parents and stuff it's
followed so much yeah so much and like
and I was really surprised that I had
never heard any of the superstitions
that he like pointed out in that video
except for like one so yeah yeah I was I
got the hand itchy yeah the hand itching
that is a thing in the United States
they say that if your hand ajiz and if
your ears burn someone's talking about
it I know in Russia it's if your right
hand inches that means you're going to
be meeting someone like you're gonna
meet someone either new or just like
haven't seen someone in a while you're
gonna meet them and then if you left
hand itches that will miss the for
money ah so whenever my right hand
itches I'm like stop it like do this one
it's this one all right so this was
definitely entertaining and fascinating
so we decided to kind of like make our
own a list for the superstitions that we
grew up with yeah
not necessarily that there's some that
we're gonna say that we are actually
ourselves following because I guess
maybe it's just been in our head so much
that we definitely think yeah we have to
follow with it and there are some more
like yeah
yeah so these are just the ones we grow
up with and this is what our parents
taught us yeah take it away
okay so in the United States as
specifically the region that we live in
this is what I grew up with some of the
things that I could think of I should
say because I'm sure there are tons
others yeah I can't remember
so like actions that are considered to
be bad luck in the United States or at
least in the kind of southern part of
the United States
blackcats crossing your path that's
supposed to be very unlucky I don't
believe in that
yeah I owned a ton of black hat for 20
years so clicking yeah yeah that's how
yes um
breaking a mirror in the United States
we believe that if you break a mirror
you will get 7 years of bad luck which
is a very specific number yeah you know
I live in
why don't you specific yeah yeah let's
say seven day uh I'm in an hour seven
seconds yeah seven nothing yeah so and
considering I broke two mirrors recently
like I hope it's not true um stepping on
a crack I'm not sure if you've ever
heard of yeah I'm we like I think it's
more of like just a children's rhyme but
I grew up I mean we used to sing this
all the time when we were kids it's a
step on a crack break your mother's back
so how morbid for like a little four and
five-year-olds you singing this around
yeah I heard about that but the best
definitely sounds more that goes for
kids who are like yeah very little yeah
and it's just like a little fun thing in
people would like purpose the bottom bar
on my back is already broken yeah I know
yeah don't need it
walking under a ladder is considered to
be unlucky I'm what I don't really
understand why it is other than like it
might collapse on you or something but
that's question but kind of along those
lines like stepping over a broom is
considered to be unlucky like if a broom
is laying on the floor
you walk over the broom handle that's
considered to be unlucky think that I
had to do with like witches don't quote
me on that though I think I read
something about how people used to say
that late
it meant you're a witch or something
opening an umbrella inside that is
something that I do not like but I don't
like it because I feel like it's
superstitious I just get really angry
when I walk into one of the rooms and my
child is playing with a blunt an
umbrella in the house and knock anything
so well yeah I think what if yeah so
like in my opinion should be played just
because you are a child you don't need
to be nice to me because yeah first
we're gonna knock something down knock
someone else down with it you know it
depends how yeah or are you gonna poke
yourself your eyeball out yeah with the
pointy thing yeah I don't really see the
big deal about the inside yeah I don't
really feel like it's bad like it just
gets on my nerves when mine plays with
it inside um this is one that I my
father believes in wholeheartedly 100%
you ever do this and you will be like
thrown out of his house is throwing a
hat on the bed throwing a hat on the bed
is supposed to be extremely unlucky and
it can even bring on death so yeah my my
dad is very hardcore in that when you're
not I did it one time in front of him
and I put on a couch like yeah you bet
my couch it's not a bed not something
that you sleep in so but he yeah he got
very angry with me the one time that I
did it interesting other things that are
unlucky like numbers that are unlucky in
the United States of course 666 is
unlucky and that comes from the Bible in
Revelations
you know talking about how six-six-six
is the market is the devil mark of the
beast
so everybody pretty much unanimously
agrees in the United States at six six
six things that you're like in line with
Satan yeah Friday the 13th is supposed
to be a very unlucky day and I think
that is more because Friday like the
thirteenth falling on a Friday is kind
of rare and also because people consider
the number thirteen to be very unlucky
you know what like I actually had an
incident one year in Russia where was a
Friday the 13th and I was doing my like
I don't know if it was my classes that I
was taking like dance classes or my
language classes but I was coming back
home and we lived in an apartment
building which has 10th floor and I look
for a particular blip on a 10th floor so
an elevator of course if you like if it
works well anyway so I go up an elevator
and I get stuck in between 6th and 7th
floor and I'm luck and I keep my sodium
on my way back and then I got kind of
like I finally got like they got me out
of there you know I still have school at
a time so I call my mom look I got stuck
in a elevator I don't feel good it's
Friday at 13 I'm gonna go to school
she's like excuse me yeah like I'm sure
but you school piggie after that I'm
like okay women that's stupid
yeah all right everyone I'm gonna happen
so it's not Friday 13 and just means boo
scary movies but you know what's really
funny that you say that you got stuck
between the 6th and the 7th floor 6 plus
7 is 13 I don't know if it was 6 and 7
oh yeah ok yeah that was getting ready
to say if it was 6 and 7 that's my
was between and then when I got out I
walked yeah farther you know I walk back
up so I can't remember so it's been
literally like I think I was about 12 or
11 yeah okay but I'll let go have that
one yeah yeah oh yeah
say the number 13 is supposed to be very
unlucky I have been in office buildings
and stuff like that where they a lot of
the times in the United States you'll
have stairwells marked with the number
four and they'll skip 13 on those or
they'll skip the number 13 in the
elevator like people take it that
seriously sometimes I had one guy I was
on the phone with and my internet
company and because I had accidentally
like like I couldn't remember the
password to my router and so I had set
up the internet service in 2013 and I
had used that as part of my password the
13 and he refused to say the number 13
and then told me at the end of the call
that I needed to change my password
because that was a very unlucky password
oh yeah I'm sorry people go by you know
on numbers and it prevents them during
the day and daily life exactly yes silly
it's I'm sorry you in school if that
number is gonna come up what are you
gonna do oh I'm sorry teacher I can't
say this number
yeah well Jeff nothing yeah yeah like I
wouldn't do that is that it's just silly
um some things that are good luck in the
United States
Wow yeah oh yeah I got a lot of stuff
I'm wishing on a star I'm sure that
probably is mail cross-culture yeah that
push it on the star in our case I don't
know it's probably the same but it's
like the very first star that bums I
miss the one yeah the first one that you
see in Russia okay when we were kids
like the first one you see in if you
were the first one that saw it you get
to choose oh really
and nobody else about
say hey I saw it first my wish it might
be the kid thing I am for us like how I
grew up it was always like the first
star that you close your eyes and when
you look up and then the first star that
you see and the rhyme goes star light
star bright first star I see tonight I
wish I may I wish I might have my wish I
wish tonight so that's a lot of wish it
is a lot more I'm gonna remember yeah
crossing your fingers and the United
States has two meanings which I thought
was always really funny if you're
wanting something to happen and you're
like really hoping that oh my gosh I
really hope this happens cross your
fingers you know pray for me do whatever
but that was something that it's like
when you're hoping hoping for something
to happen it's a good thing to have your
fingers crossed but it also means that
if you're telling somebody that you will
do something and you're not actually
going to do it you cross your fingers
behind your back so that it can it
doesn't count that your promise doesn't
count anymore because you crossed your
fingers behind your back yeah we had a
yeah that's what the universal yeah
heads up a heads up penny and in the
United States like if you're walking in
a parking lot or somewhere or anywhere
really and you see a penny on the ground
there's an old rhyme that goes with that
that is see a penny pick it up all day
long have good luck and but it has to be
a heads up penny at least this is how I
learned it had to be a heads up penny
because if you pick up a tails up penny
then it's unlucky so no oh my god your
eyes stay so you can't win one way or
the other
finding a four-leaf clovers it's also
really lucky I'm so kind of applying
bells in Russia I would say I used to
like I can remember like going out and
my sister and I like doing that in the
yard all the time like searching for
four-leaf clovers and she was always so
lucky to find them and I could never
find them we have a thing called
beginner's luck in the you know
States it's where when you are out with
your friends and they're doing an
activity for the first time and they're
really good at it you call it beginner's
luck yeah you know so like a few I kind
of like my plane yeah if you've never
bowled before like gone bowling and you
like you know strike out the entire game
and do really well then they say that
you have beginner's luck no um carrying
around rabbit's feet this is disgusting
to me but a lot of times if you go and
do like souvenir shops and stuff like
that in the United States you'll find
rabbit's feet literal feet of rabbit
yeah that have been preserved somehow
some of them are fake but rabbits we
don't actually yeah like keychains and
stuff because apparently having a
rabbit's foot is considered to be a
lucky I wish I had a rabbit's hat I'm he
hasn't died with a hat okay yeah but
like feet or disgustingly I don't know
why somebody would do that um talking
about New Year's like how my he did in
the United States like there are two
traditions that um like I kind of follow
halfway one of them for at least in the
United States at least where I'm from
eating cabbage on years is lucky and
basically what the tradition is is that
you start cooking your cabbage and you
put either a dime or a nickel some kind
of coin you wash it first wash it really
well then it tastes the poop on and then
literally
then you put that coin inside the
cabbage the pot of cabbage that you're
making for New Year's dinner and you
serve up dinner to all of your family
and whoever finds the coin in their
cabbage is supposed to make a lot of
money that year so that's something that
we do what if I come in and I take the
cabbage home no but in eating is the
active eating cabbage is supposed to be
to mean prosperity so I mean that's
that's kind of like how they were like
oh we have to round fruits while we have
cabbage um so like haven't another
tradition for New Year's as you kiss the
person that you're in love with on New
Year's at the stroke of midnight which
I've never done that before so it's just
kind of like a weird tradition or you
know like I know was it on Christmas and
some the mistletoe
yeah yeah yeah at Christmastime and you
hang mistletoe and if you walk under
mistletoe you're supposed to kiss
whoever is under the mistletoe with you
it does not matter if it's your spouse
or your significant other or not if
you're under the mistletoe with someone
you're supposed to kiss them yeah
whether it's gonna be a spousal kiss and
what we're gonna be like right like yes
like your child you pick them up and
just squeezable yeah oh yeah well with
um with New Year's when you kiss
somebody on New Year's it's supposed to
mean that your love is going to last the
entire year which you'll seal them right
attic and sleep and why the year yeah I
know why not let her sue me like like it
lasts as long as you will marry Gavin I
guess I don't know I guess the last two
ones that I have that I've always grown
up with it that I actually these are
these are the two things that I do
follow and I do believe in bad news and
death comes in threes
so like bad news can be anything from
like you lost your job so you
you know if something bad happened yeah
no I know we are now your negative
nancies here like I I believe this like
especially with death comes in threes I
mean that's that's happened consistently
throughout my life like I will know
somebody that has passed away and then
you know not long after two other people
that I have known have passed away I'm a
believer of that you can call me crazy
but I believe that I think it's just I
mean it is what it is yeah I mean has
their own thing that they grew up where
the sky thing has kind of like become
harness Arianna day yeah and make it it
does I completely understand I mean I
have my own things that you guys
probably gonna find absolutely
ridiculous so you know but to other
cultures when they fear something of
course that would be like kind of crazy
and bad science and it's just because
the way we grew up the way we process
things it's different different yeah you
know but it is what it is I mean I've
lived in the u.s. now for what 12 years
in there there has a few things that
probably kind of make sense to me I
don't necessarily follow them but I
understand that and sometimes I'll think
about it
yeah all my kind of superstitions are
coming from my family which is like the
Russian the Asian side so I I follow me
at those yeah which my household now
kind of follows that way because they
have no yeah and see my my child does
too and like the last one that I have
that I do follow a lot and I and it's
more of not so much that I believe it
it's just it's a habit really is knock
on wood
in the United States if you say
something that could possibly jinx
yourself like say you're talking to a
friend and they're complaining about
getting pulled over and getting a
speeding ticket you can if you say well
I've never gotten a speeding ticket luck
will have it that you will get a
speeding ticket so to cancel that out
you on would so you knock on wood and
you don't even have to really knock on
wood a lot of people do that but you
could say knock on wood you know what
the funny thing is I keep like how you
mentioned that in Russia we have it's
like the same thing you you know from
jinx and SF but one of the things I
don't know if it's like maybe we did it
one more way younger or stew people like
an adult do it but it's something kind
of stuck with me when we do that you
know knock on wood
but ours also you have to let kind of
like slightly
spit to the left three times you know
like like I like this legacy go up like
that yeah like I'm gonna do that all the
time they watched to the left
that's something what you do I haven't
done that I don't do that like as often
but once kind of like I remember it
because I have an excellent remembered
it for a while until you just mention
that oh yeah oh yeah would you do that
so once I do remember it I actually do
follow with that one so now we are gonna
go to the list of my family crazy
superstitions I don't think I mean
things yeah I don't know ah let's see I
for some of them actually had to call
mom to confirm him a little bit cuz like
I said it's been 12 years since I've
been home so I don't really recall them
like super super duper well so uh when
it comes to a new year one of the things
we do is you have to celebrate a new
year with your family as like your
parents your relatives and everything
else us together and like you live at
that address you have to celebrate it in
a stroke of midnight you do your Cheers
we always have a toast masae before
everybody's drinking it's always a toast
and then you eat and then after after
that is done that's when we can go out
and be with our friends see most of us
started out here partying
right that pretty much what it means is
that for that particular thing coming
yeah they see finally kicked in so for
this like that just kind of means that
for this rest coming year you are gonna
be still close with your family and
you're gonna stay together and say we
connected yeah yeah so that's that one
in a lot of these Alicia's mentioned
that we also follow that I don't
necessarily follow but the New Year one
I do kind of follow I think it's just
kind of like a kind of like a sweet
tradition another thing you know
superstition tradition whatever it is
the cash crossing I don't really follow
the mirror breaking I don't really
follow that there's one we have let's
see you whatever you are sitting at a
dinner table with a family for for
instance if there is a family member
that is single not married or nothing
that person is not allowed to sit on the
corner of the table
because that will mean and that that
particular person is not gonna get
married for another seven years oh wow
so I've been only told once I was
accidentally I never said of the corner
table but at that time our table was
fooled my dad's like move and then they
explained it on my count
okay okay but but mom said like to kind
of like ah to make that not to happen if
you sit in your table and Russia would
always have tablecloth or on a table and
you just have to like fold the
tablecloth somehow found any way that
makes it that corner not existent like a
new corner disappear yes and you are
become with the table again
I don't know since oh honey not one is
just kind of stuck out to me just cuz
it's kind of little filling yeah ah
let's see don't wear one shoe that says
that means that one of your parents is
gonna die oh yeah don't worry once you
don't play out with scissors and just
like kind of like free willing kind of
like open-close open-close type of thing
my god that means you know I'm gonna
have money oh wow like it cuts off the
money oh no no no it's like you if you
got to play with a scissors window you
just kind of like open-close open-close
them that means your parents I believe
we're gonna be arguing oh okay yeah well
we don't have that we have don't run
with scissors because you'll poke your
eye out but don't kill them or kill
someone
let's see also like whenever you outside
if somebody is walking towards you with
an empty container of any time it can be
literally just anything okay see like
when it comes to the u.s. where for
example we live there's not that many
people that walk we don't really want
we're usually these arrancars so it
doesn't applies but in Russia where
majority of people would always walk so
people would go to the grocery store go
buy their own business and stuff like
that and on the way like they can be
carrying some kind of like baskets of
some containers or bottles that
something will be empty so it's an empty
container well for my mom whenever she
goes towards a person who's carrying an
empty container means that she will have
my mom will have like an empty day as in
like everything that she needs to get
done that day is not gonna have like an
unproductive yeah it's gonna be a
useless day you might as well turn
around and just don't go about your
business because everything will not go
the way you want it that's how and it
has happened to my mom all the time
every time that I've known
that it always been that way it doesn't
work for me so she would sometimes take
me with her like you know because she
just had to take me with her and if
there's somebody coming you know towards
you were the wave ticket behavior
without I can't fill it out for her
yeah I'm like well yeah I'm trying
elevator and thing cos if anybody's ever
watchwords me with an empty container
before I don't know like a lot but
there's a pop bottle count if it's limit
yeah everything anything that's empty I
can't even think of anybody I'm like oh
and there's something though because I
hear it it doesn't really work yeah you
know doesn't apply to our lives
yes that's not how we live our lives
we're not constantly walking around
exactly let's see also when you wear a
clothes inside out that means you're
gonna get spanking that's that's mainly
that maybe already ours are like I'm
lucky you get a second it
you deserve the drinking oh let's see
that's pretty much kind of like when we
were kids so if an adult wears inside
out clothes what does look mean my kind
of thinking well you guys just take it
all right ah let's see you cannot use a
night like a utensil as like as a fork
you cannot use it like you cannot put
like be so stab it with a pin and like
eat it that means you are gonna be like
an angry person
oh I doubt that I she is an innocence
my mom would yell at me every time I did
as a child way to walk I mean I've done
that like like gotten yelled at first
sticking a knife in my mouth but it was
it's not because of superstition it's
because you're going to stab yourself in
the face okay
she said that's my bad part always go
starts martyr yeah healing
no it's not even a superstition like it
was like my mom was being like common
sense like you're going to accidentally
stab yourself in the mouth or cut your
mouth whatever I have to worry about
because we don't put our knifes done to
do okay so let's see anyway
hey so you cannot leave she's written
this in Russian so I can try to read it
like I'm trying to read it and it's not
all in Russian
okay so you cannot a leave a knife on a
table overnight I sure didn't know that
one
mom always cleans everything and yeah I
mean everything's clean but she says you
have to put a knife back in its drawer
or whatever where it belongs because in
like it represents the knife represents
the head of the household which
represents the father the husband the
male you know so I guess you put him
back in its place so he knows how to
like find his way back home kind of like
be be there
yeah type of thing like you know see I
would take that I would take that if
somebody told me that is like to keep
him from having an affair on well I
guess it could be I don't know really
all exactly well it doesn't matter in my
house that's that kind of like something
I never really even really knew never
thought of yeah like it's just something
that's just what my mom you know had
another thing whenever you have a
visitor at your house that you don't
necessarily enjoy having I mean we all
have yeah we've all had those visits I
mean we love everybody in mine right now
I can often like you left the door
a little time Oh like I knew it was
going to be good like I like as soon as
you started saying like I might say this
now and I can't do it by myself
all right so mom says okay so for that
period of time mom would say that was
mainly done for whatever your
mother-in-law's coming some reason um
let's see so she says as soon as like
you know that person leaves squibber it
is what you take is you take a brew loop
it mainly meant a broom not really a
sweeper yeah a back fan so when you take
a broom I wouldn't have a person like
excess out you take a broom and you
sweep everything that's behind them away
is bad yeah yeah worse where they were
going
yeah I feel like as soon as they pretty
much leave you do that really quickly
and apparently the person doesn't come
spiked for a while at least because I'm
sure those people always come back yeah
oh yes like I will oh yeah I need to try
it though it's right there
not when you leave I knew who I want to
try it on though her that's good I
actually do have some people with him
all right um whatever you drop
silverware whenever you drop let's say
knife fork and a spoon in Russia each of
those items have how would you call it
like sex to them it's like genders
gender yeah and anime I don't think we
don't have gender yeah so what I'm
gender let's see it's like in an object
system yes as well Bilka loeschke so
spoon and fork are females
knife is a male Harrison I not know so
whenever you drop one of these items and
whatever they are they're a female or a
male if you do not that means a company
is coming that means those like either
male or a female company is coming and
if you don't want that to happen what
you do is you take that particular item
then you hide it you hide it either like
really quickly I guess wash it and put
it away or you just hide it like some
like under a kitchen towel or something
you know something like that you just
hide it like now I took these I follow
all the time every time I hear something
we drop them like what could dropped it
pick it up put it on it guy like I'm not
really big on visitors I don't like
unexpected visitor she knows me I might
think like like I figure I know it's a
plan yeah look that's fine if I make a
plan I think that's good because
everything is prepared it's expected I
do not like surprises
the unexpected stuff you know I like
stuff kind of planned out yeah I'm right
there with you like I feel like it's an
invasion of my privacy when somebody
just drops by my house yeah I think I
think it's a what I know people mean
well but I think it's likely may be rude
or something yeah I don't think I mean I
wouldn't do that it's something it's not
you know also in Russia whenever you go
and visit somebody like you haven't seen
for a while or whatever you have to
bring something like as a gift we don't
show up with empty yeah we we do that in
the United States as well but it's more
of like if you're going to an event
where there will be food like you're
going to someone's house for a Christmas
or Thanksgiving or any kind of event
like a party or something like that you
bring a dish because if you're going to
eat then you need to help supplement
what the amount of food that people have
so like that the event has so yeah
that's kind of how we do things as if
like whenever I go to like an event
Church or like to someone's house for
Thanksgiving or Christmas or some kind
of dinner and I know I'm going to be
making food if I'm bringing someone else
with me I will make a dish for myself a
dish for that person and whoever I'm
with and and so that way we're all
accounted for so we can all eat know
that's gonna help but kind of kind of
like a considerate thing yeah it's a
considerate thing to do is like you've
got you're bringing more people you need
to bring more food so all right let's
see next one is whenever you break
dishes or whatever it is you know in the
kitchen
that's accidental that means it's a good
luck some luck
so anytime you break like you know a
glass a plate a bowl or whatever
accidentally it's like super good luck
so yeah I would say the bad luck no
there's no writing something knows it's
a good luck and hey it's less dishes to
wash yeah there are three sides to this
coin every time okay so another one if
you have chipped dishes it has cracks in
it or whatever the plates bowls begins
you know whatever it is you cannot eat
out of them because that represents your
life being chipped a broken life oh say
I would have taken it like that far like
I bet I have heard that eating out of
something that's chipped or broken or
drinking out of something is chipped or
broken is bad luck but not not that it
represents our lives like that's neat
though let's see you kind of whistle on
inside cuz that means no money huh
so I don't whistle I don't know how to
whistle I'm glad you got a whistle and
it sounds horrible so that means like
I'm supposed to not know how to whistle
that's my whistling okay that was look
through my front teeth I was so like I
sucked the air by can I'm a beautiful
yeah like I surprised my own nose oh but
I'm not gonna wear something yeah that
is do I that's something I do follow to
ah let's see when you go on a long
journey
everybody mmm like kind of like takes a
moment of silence
kind of like sits it's like they say if
I see demon of that old school which is
like kind of like let's sit for the road
you just kind of like take a break and
you think like good thoughts and make
the trip to be like cultures are because
everything that Angelina has said is
either to ward off bad luck or brings
good luck and I'm just like death does -
you'd like new things spanking yeah I
know well I mean we do have a little bit
well yeah but you know let's see we have
also whenever you show something on your
body which I actually grew out of that
one I used to be like a foreign believer
or not or whatever we we just kind of
like I don't I don't even know how to
believe in that okay so this is the
example for example okay example for
example so anyways I will be showing all
myself this is like I'll be telling a
story so this one time I saw somebody
have like an arm and it had like like
this big gigantic growth on it so I'm
showing something on myself that I
wouldn't want anybody to have not myself
or anything so you are jinxing yourself
with this to give yourself point yeah so
what you do okay this is the same I got
nothing on you teamlack away knee Papaji
it sounded funny notices like you you
taking it away and then you go and then
you tell them fly fly away and don't get
on to anybody else oh okay it's like I
don't want it and don't go to nobody
else okay all right yeah go away it's
like shoo fly don't bother you know and
that used to be something I followed all
the time and I literally now that I
think about it I have not better matter
than a long time but maybe also because
I don't really show anything on myself
yeah either straight guys that's just
how it works um one I think one of the
last things I can remember is if you see
a bird like on a window like where we
lived on a 10th floor not to me birds
with flight to our window and just chill
there that we just go to the roof and
stop but if you see a bird flying to
your window and Knox would better be on
it you know in the window or the wood
part you know the frame the stuff that
means deaths comin Wow
today hey they do have death one yes we
do have it and that's literally I think
the only one that I can think of with
this but now cause his death yeah that's
something I have seen many many birds
that would fly to our window it's not
often but they happen but I have tons of
hazards here like tons like I literally
have a flock of birds that basically
live in my backyard and I've had them
fly into my window like fly full speed
and hit my window and died that just
shows you know that Alisha's windows are
very sorry that just shows that at least
those windows I'm very clean and they
like oh no no I can just fly right
through here yeah that's happened
several times I don't really follow that
just because in my opinion that that is
something it's too harsh
yeah a little bit it's a little bit of a
too much to take you know
yeah and I mean it's a Barbie can't
control that and it is what it is and we
like I said you know we believe in what
we believe and whatever works for us and
whatever we were able to take in from
our family for my parents and there are
some that are more silly and some are
more serious but I think our children
probably gonna have even less
superstitions if you think about it I
think my kids at this moment don't
really care about any of that I mean I
will it that I have told my daughter not
to like throw her hats on the bed and
stuff like that and she'll ask me why
and I'll be like well it's bad luck and
then I stop myself and I'm like do I
really just say that and then she'll be
like it looks like automatic yeah yeah
and then she'll be like that doesn't
make any sense and I'm like whatever
it's already hot on the bed okay
that's the thing I think like if like my
pet my daughter is H now I followed a
lot of these superstitions cuz mom was
like so on top of them enough and I
think the only one like a 7 right now
I'm doing and I've told my daughter is
the silverware falling down and
somebody's coming I just tell her at the
time you know conveniently I'll have
like a big old pots with water full
sitting in the sink I'm like just dump
them in them yeah no no nobody will be
coming boy there's one thing whenever
you said like upside down like you know
um like where your head is kind of like
between your legs on the floor and then
up that means somebody's coming
everything in Russia is about people
something you've got an afraid of death
we don't like visitors yeah this is our
superstitions and that we grow up with
so hopefully you angels enjoyed it and
we definitely would love to hear what is
your superstitions from what are you
coming from and what you were raised on
I think it's gonna be very interesting
if you will add something that we
actually ourselves have that we didn't
recall then again there's just so many
of them to mention we just kind of like
throw in the over or the kind of like
the ones we the basic ones yeah the ones
that we
like we're at the you know to the top
and the topless and stuff so Thank You
Angela so much for this one of
suggestion if you have any more please
leave them in the comments below other
nuts a double subscribe to our channel
hit the subscribe button and the bill so
you guys never tongue something new
comes out and we'll see you next time
bye
[Music]
you
