you did a great job I'll see you in 24
hours your face it was hard to breathe
good morning guys what's going on
welcome back to the war
run team before you guys watch on in
this video I want you to press pause go
in the comment section and comment right
now what you proud about what did you do
in the past two or three days that
you're proud about is it like getting in
touch with a family member a friend that
you haven't heard of for a long time did
you read a book that you're very proud
of did you learn something new to do to
get a workout in let me know in the
comment section right now today we are
enjoying one more day and the quarantine
lightly staying inside we are having
food together with cooking we're gonna
do some sport outside you're gonna stay
healthy and Martin's impressed by your
intro smart yeah why you always do so
well I try to put a lot of positive
energy and right from the beginning so
Martin let me know what are you proud of
what have you achieved in the past let's
say to up read a is that you really
product so yesterday I decided that
every day I'm gonna practice I'm holding
my breath on a water so yesterday I was
really proud that I was able to hold my
breath for 120 seconds my my goal is to
I think now get that up to 2 minutes and
30 seconds very cool I'm so proud of
putting out content that people watch
yeah I guess in this times it's like I
don't
publish something I'm not sure are
people gonna like it and then you get by
the way guys Martin has been publishing
daily for how many days now yeah so
check out his blog they'll pop up right
here
subscribe say hi tell them you came from
making it happen blog really cool vlogs
I've been enjoying watching them myself
are you kidding today noise so there's
no power today from 8 a.m. till 5 p.m.
even water
college is kind enough to thank you so
much guys oh you see that's why I love
gas stove
it's so awesome it was a lot of fun to
cook with by the way IVA has been
putting out some cooking videos for you
guys easy quick recipes that you can do
at home during the quarantine and yeah
check it out
channel will pop up right here and of
course our wonderful host people are
used to what I look like so it's really
done I don't have to worry
all right so you have formed a few blogs
in the past but you have not edited them
yet so I will put your Instagram account
in the description and everybody head on
over to Instagram send a message and
tell her to get those logs editor's okay
so the big bang that she has just heard
IVA slipped and fell and we we all for a
split second just absolutely panicked
because you don't want to get hurt right
now in a situation like this because you
know we all got to be very careful if we
hurt ourselves we potentially will have
to leave the islands to get treatment so
we'll take a deep breath now everything
is good Nellie how you doing what are
you proud of what did you achieve in the
past few days that you did I achieve
well I managed to contact a few of my
friends my family and yeah that's
actually just something that I'm really
proud about
I'm just staying connected with
everybody I'm proud that we achieved a
routine because in one place so we work
out in the morning and we eat together
so that's really nice all right
breakfast is served
thank you either
[Music]
alright guys it is raining and this is
actually a blessing in disguise because
today is a power and water shutdown in
Cracow I guess they're doing maintenance
work yeah it was getting very hot
because we don't have AC but now it's
cooled right down we got rain we got a
wind blowing through so this is awesome
this is awesome ok so I just wanted to
take a quick second to talk with you
guys about a few things that we realized
since we are in self quarantine here we
are in Chicago as you guys know and we
just had a power outage which resulted
in no electricity and no water so we
didn't shower today luckily we had a gas
stove top to cook our food but yeah it's
just one of these things that we take
for granted and I think this is a really
good time to count our blessings every
day in the small things so I believe
that all of us can say something nice
about the situation what they've learned
about themselves or what kind of
appreciation they have now due to the
change of circumstances and yeah I know
that today's vlog is slightly different
from what you usually see on our channel
but I have like very good topics from
you guys so we're going to work on these
throughout the next days so it's going
to be good vibes today was a little bit
slow due to the lack of electricity
means that although our motivation was
not which so
that's okay but everyday can be like
full-on power full-on energy so Mike
just went outside to socialize with the
others a little bit I prepare to stay
inside just because I wanted to reflect
a little bit and think about things and
be on my own for once so yeah I think
I'll update you a little bit later when
we're cooking together because we have
to use up our food otherwise it's going
bad so part of our daily routine is
actually to work out together so we kept
working out everyday since this
quarantine and it's good I feel good so
I'm just going to do a quick at work
card with Martin Michael's very sore
from yesterday so he's going to skip
this one which is okay so don't overdo
it if you workout at home it doesn't
have to be every day just keep keep on
going the most important thing is that
you feel good so
let's get right into this workout I'm at
then hello what's on the schedule for
today so today we're going to do the 8
minute ab workout whoo I've run out of
workout t-shirts oh yeah we're gonna do
the 8 minute ab workout which is a video
on YouTube it's from the 80s is this
brilliant guy who really motivates you
from the 80s just from the eighties hey
man it's super old school film I really
like it and I hate is that come on guys
come on now nice isn't maybe if you want
you can link it in the description below
yeah but starting off we're just gonna
do some other exercises just to keep
myself what's the word we try to look
for yesterday ah
moving the metabolism and working we're
gonna keep them with that wasn't going
and like I try to emphasize on just five
to ten minutes of intensive workout
every day yeah when you are home on your
quarantine I think it could really help
strengthen you yeah you're you're
prepared yeah cuz it's good for your
mindset as well so gotta keep healthy
here as well I just did like look at me
I did 3x I'm already nauseous yeah you
don't think you're gonna get away with
thing you work on without me did you
doing this could be like a so Mike
[Laughter]
I've invited my know what kids there's
one thing you need to know and you're
gonna learn from a 36 year old guy
it doesn't just matter what you have
here but also what you have let me just
say something look what guys
so somebody sent me a story sharing our
video and she said she wish you could do
a work hard but we've got a garden to do
it and she only has her apartment right
now literally this is all the space that
we need yeah that's true it doesn't take
a lot of space to do a world card it
just takes the right attitude Oh Martin
a lot of people said we're the other
when we were working out so maybe you
can explain that so other house is crazy
metabolism yeah she can eat like
everyone else but so far in her life she
doesn't have to work out to maintain the
shape she's more like taking it slow
relaxing yeah but when she really has to
do stuff she gets it done like when were
swimming that whale shark yeah she was
faster than anyone yeah do whatever you
want your life we just I'm just trying
to stress for her that we should do some
walks around yeah here walking the
stairs up up and down yeah something to
keep yourself going now when we're so
much inside so cardio is way more
important than different ways and yeah
literally cardio can just be like a
little bit of space yeah yeah you can
just dance put on some music and just
dance yeah for three minutes get your
heart rate going just a little bit yeah
okay are we studies yes I want to make a
request if someone is good at gift can
someone please make a gift of what Mike
just did looks like a did a workout for
the bike Mike why did you come
Oh starting to feel a little bit
depressed yeah because we don't have
electricity or refrigeration or a/c and
I was just like bummed out cause I
wanted to get some work done
my laptop's empty it happens very fast
but I I used myself wood when I don't do
anything yeah Mike is one of these
people who have to be busy all the time
yeah it's very hard to it's a term for
snowed on there's a term for it they
call them good result
there you go game good job squeeze hold
it up when you're not pulled release
whoa
you did a great job I'll see you in 24
hours my car's you woke up good yeah it
wasn't really an intense work up but
it's just so humid right now good job
team skadoosh
Wow so guys it's lunchtime right now and
we got some food delivered from home a
taste will link all the details in the
description down below those looks
amazing and yes and I became bout that
this food is stunning all right thank
you so much also guys right now I'm
expecting a coffee delivery of the
Spotted Pig those guys have been doing a
great job at bringing us coffee to the
villa which is huge help for me
specifically who needs coffee like every
few minutes you guys are absolute life
saver thank you so much for bringing me
coffee or let me grab this don't tell
the people I'm eating a people
electricity's back which means I need to
you guys actually while you're watching
this this vlog today is Mark is going
online today yes so that's what you see
now is going online today I have some
grocery shopping clips if those are in
the vlog those were filmed a few days
ago I just haven't used them yet so yeah
talking of grocery shopping Mike and
Martin went to the market and bought
some fish but unfortunately they forgot
to tell the vendor to clean the fish so
since nobody wants to do it I'm going to
do it because one thing that my dad
showed me when I was a child was how to
clean the fish after you fished it so
it's disgusting but I'm going to do it
for the squad so thumbs up for me
everything is inside the fish so this is
our fish oh okay first things first I'm
going to clean the squid just wash it
properly the squid is already clean but
you know let us save time sorry
we are really lucky to be here at all so
we have some fresh fish so we have a lot
of canned food as well but you know
having the source here of the fishing
community is really nice we can have
some proteins and eat healthy with some
of the squid there is like this thing
inside that you have to remove so I I
guess I will just tear it apart like
this
okie-doke is I just got rid of all of
this meaning that we have these kind of
bones inside it's really hard to focus
we have these bones inside so we just
got rid of it and we cleaned everything
from the ink and then it should look
like this okay I have some unexpected
difficulties with the fish because this
knife is not sharp and this knife is not
sharp so it's really difficult to cut it
open I'm going to try I'm going to shut
off the camera so I can focus on this
because this fish has actually some
spikes no bueno I just finished taking
everything I just wanted to show you how
I did it I actually took a kitchen towel
and just hold it like this
took everything out it's a really gross
I didn't put it in a vlog I hope
everybody everybody here is thankful
that I did this job all the one thing
that I wanted to mention if you eat the
fish and you want to enjoy a skin you
actually have to get rid of the scales
so just go like against this girls take
the wall but you know if you like it
I don't think you have to see us eating
food again on the blog like in the last
few days so if you want to see the
outcome of the food head on over to
Nellie's Instagram it's Lily's like
underline underline and if you want to
see the recipe of the actual dish head
on over to add this channel it will pop
up right here but what I wanted to add
is I think everybody this morning was
shortly in panic because when I felt we
were just like if she has to go to
hospital now that would be like an
absolute nightmare but luckily Abby is
here
so we have to be careful yeah but yeah I
hope you enjoyed our little quarantine
reach Warren rooty rooty why oh yeah
there you go the quarantine of the
quarantine if you did be sure to give
this video a thumbs up and if you like
this kind of quarantine block also head
over to Martha's channel he uploaded a
quarantine routine video yesterday and
it's live already so you can check it
out right now link right here we will
see you guys tomorrow same time same
place
remember to stay awesome stay positive
and make it happen
good night
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
