ah okay I'm too emotional for this so we
have made this video as a very good film
producer hey what is up guys I'm Mike
and I'm Ellie we're two travel vloggers
and we just got back from a month-long
trip through the Philippines we made
some amazing experiences and we've grown
quite an awesome community in the
Philippines on our YouTube channel and
on Instagram yeah and you guys messaged
us a few suggestions that we should do
usually we don't do reaction videos but
this was highly highly suggested by you
guys so here we go exactly and the thing
that you guys were suggesting is that we
react to the new Johnny be choices
Valentine video I believe it is I'm not
quite sure what it's about I've got my
laptop here we're gonna just start
playing the video and see what it's
about so got our headphones here I hope
this is even the right video it says
jollibee studios quentin jollibee
Valentine series 2019 alright it starts
out with the dolly the dolly be sitting
down on a tree
interesting Jollibee studios inspired by
a true story
the one we all search another one seems
to be a very emotional video yeah choice
a choice
alright okay somebody's so poll is the
player in the game Paul enamels these
years he's always been there for me I
think he's heavily friend-zoned he got
her poles helping out with the computer
that's not Paul was that that's Jay what
you play in the game okay Jay likes to
make unhappy he's helping out at work
is this a worker work romance thing
all right they're out on a dinner date
at Raleigh be mistaken he's feeding her
as well so it's very tricky very tricky
situation yeah poor poor fried chickens
Allport fried chicken but Jay brought
burgers okay so now we're back with Paul
again I can see why both getting
romantic connection together with either
one of them or with both
it's it's it's it's um Chico DG I don't
get your [ __ ] together with some how was
the tail end of Kong city
maybe it's an opossum emotional song oh
here comes Jay to the rescue
sometimes I need a friend
I think both Paul and J are friends on
that okay yeah these romances come in
here damn Ananda OD tossa Mendel
there's that one destined for you in the
whole world
Oh anime whole is convinced that one
isn't
oh he loves her but she loves Jane he
loves her but she wants to be friends oh
[Music]
yeah would that be
until I met you
this just went from a work friendship to
a work awkward romance kind of situation
I believe oh you just walked off I am
okay she's smiling but if she's smiling
well but if she's smiling because she
thought they made her think of Paul it's
time for me to make a choice
who gets the most what is she gonna
choose chicken toy or burger I'll go for
chicken joy
[Music]
sure so but I went to think use and
happy now go up laughing oh that's it's
it's a tough situation
I know he means a lot to you and I
understand what we don't find it ain't
no good either so coos oh boy oh this is
okay through speakers this is a very
tricky situation
a very tricky situation for everyone
these people do eat a lot of Tralee be
go for the trolley liftable but she kept
a chicken toy kept the chicken girl but
she's a girl for all she's sad
[Music]
Oh God yeah I told you what is this you
wanna see the pass he's gone I really
got goose bumps
[Music]
why does this mixes that I thought
Johnny B is going to be a very fine
video today
oh my God look
gave me
[Music]
I'm ourselves with us I can't afford
this anymore
[Music]
oh my god
[Music]
I'm gonna decide eating fried chicken
mouth
No
that's very sweet yeah so whoever made
this video is a very good film producer
for sure that was extremely emotional oh
my god I was not expecting that oh my
god yeah
Wow guys that is yeah a very powerful
video I can see why so many people are
kind of reacting to this video on the on
the internet right now and it's got 2.3
million views it's five days old oh my
god that is really a nice video and sad
at the same time Easter cries come on it
it didn't it didn't really happen oh
okay yeah super emotional video thanks
for sharing this with us guys now we sad
all day but at least it ended in a happy
ending sort of okay let me bring some
joy into this yeah we need to spruce
this video up with some joyfulness these
little baby cats that we're up here at
our valley villa here's some happiness
for you they're just always
look at these two beautiful kitties
they're so cute
alright guys this was actually better
than expected we never did a reaction
videos so true Wow thank you for showing
us we'll be back tomorrow with our
regular very happy and I beat videos
goodbye videos Aviva Newton's channel be
sure to subscribe check out our
philippine road trip vlogs very popular
right now together with the true sea
blog we went on a one-month trip through
the philippines a lot of amazing videos
we got to put these kitties back into
the basket thank you for watching leave
a like if you enjoyed the video comment
down below what your other favorite
video is on the internet and maybe we'll
do a review again goodbye we're gonna
take a fat
[Music]
[Music]
