[Applause]
[Music]
this generation has been misjudged by a
lot of people and it's sad this
generation is a generation of dreamers
it's a generation of people who aspire
and believe for bigger things rabaa
al-adawiya Hayden and the data actually
bears it out six out of ten Millennials
here in the Philippines aspire for
leadership positions compared to four
out of ten in developed markets so
Filipinos want to become leaders more
than people in the u.s. more than people
in the EU so that's an amazing thing
so Filipinos are born to be leaders
Filipinos are nurtured to be leaders
Filipinos are nurtured to be great
more than that Filipinos Millennials
specifically also want to become
entrepreneurs in fact it's doubled the
number of people compared to other
markets so kayo
us we want to become entrepreneurs we
want to be control of what we do we want
to be in control of what it is that we
want to do in business or in our careers
in life and it's bigger compared to
other developed markets so this
generation really is a generation of
dreamers and people who want to be big
who want to become good and it's not
something that that's actually bad
because if you consider the world that
were born into today optimism and the
audacity to dream is something that we
actually have it's the only thing we
have left
Nova if you take a look at salaries and
opportunities that are there those are
the things that we have left that those
are the things that we need to be able
to hold on to now the funny thing is
people always tell you to follow your
dreams people always tell you that you
have to travel that you have to
experience the world they make it sound
so noble they make it sound so easy but
they never tell you how nah you see it
on your Facebook feeds almost every day
you see it on Twitter almost every day
but they never tell you how that is the
point of this short talk this morning
it's my goal to be able to be shared to
your keys to give you tips on how my
journey played out there's no one sure
formula for all of you we all have
unique lives you're all brought up a
different way
the
thing I can do today this morning is to
tell you my story and how it worked out
and hopefully you guys pick up something
from it and you are able to make
something out of yourselves as you grow
older here's one big point that I'd like
to stress this morning there is no
excuse to not make a living doing what
you love in today's age where the
Internet is so big and there's so many
things you can do where the walls of
Commerce the walls of business of the
broken down there is absolutely no
reason for you to not make money doing
what you love in the US there's a big
thing called side hustling a lot of
Millennials are actually doing a lot of
freelance work while they're in college
or while they're doing their 8 to fives
it's called side hustling we found out
nothing done rocket and I'm sure being
CSV and knowing the courses that you
guys have here marami saying oh la la
queja maraming rocket that's a good
thing believe me I was support consulted
myself for the longest time so there is
no excuse for you not to do make a
living doing what you love just take a
look at Facebook Instagram and Twitter
they're a lot of businesses offering
products services and goods on those
three platforms the question is how do
you do it how are you able to get from
point A to point B now here's the
reality a lot of you will have to take
an 8 to 5
what's an 8 to 5 it's a day job it's the
8 a.m. to 5 p.m. it sucks
unless it's something that you're
actually passionate about they're not
everybody is blessed to have a need to
file that they're passionate about now
for the majority of you who will have
that 8:00 to 5:00 that doesn't match
your passion the next three points are
for you first major point you have to
stop consuming and you have to start
creating what does this mean a lot of
people today not just Millennials but
even the older generation well Anna
Solanki Nova bug the Pixar buy condom on
Facebook condom of YouTube's condom on
snapchat Cohen demon Odom Game of
Thrones probably too late can I just say
lady Mormont was the bomb
for those who are watching them I sure
feel so cool but any pit stop could show
me start creating screw work-life
balance if it means you going home early
just to watch reruns of Game of Thrones
screw work-life balance if it means you
just going home early just to watch
countless hours of YouTube screw
work-life balance if all it means is you
going home to do Facebook Twitter and
read senseless articles that don't
actually contribute to the meaning of
life or to a capacity that you have as a
professional as an entrepreneur stop
consuming start creating here's one
secret I work in advertising that you
probably guys don't know and they work
also in publishing publishers and
advertisers have broken you guys down
into a science they know up to what
minute tip is that you watch a movie
they know how many seconds before you
fade away they know what are dubbed main
points in a narrative that makes excited
they even know how to make the first
five seconds of a YouTube unskipable ad
irresistible for you so that you don't
skip they have the data the Big Brother
Neriah they know everything that you
that you like that you dislike and they
tailor all the content everything that
they do so that it sucks you in you feel
like you're enjoying yes you're enjoying
but the truth of the matter is you are
spending actually the most important
time and I'll get to this in a bit of
your life stage doing nothing
they're just consuming and consuming
you're not creating the key to success
is to be able to figure out how to
create and not to consume consume less
create more again screw work-life
balance if it means going home early
just to watch YouTube and download a TV
series so that's the first point now it
leads me to my second point it's called
the 7 p.m. to 1 a.m. principle 8:00 to
5:00 p.m. you build your careers when I
say that that's the time you go to work
you go to office you do whatever it is
that you're doing that you're probably
not passionate about
maraming Tom Gannon you manasa passion
you believe in us a nova
when I'm in time again and our friends
who work in the BPO Center of call
centers and a lot of other types of work
know and even in advertising not a lot
of people in advertising actually want
to be in advertising it just so happens
that they're there and believe me you
will encounter a lot of you'll probably
get into jobs that you don't probably
right so what is the 7 p.m. to 1 a.m.
principle 8 to 5 you build your career 7
to 1 you build your dreams the seven to
one slot of your life is the most
important time for your life stage you
know why because energy time in health
diminishes over time what do I mean huh
Bambaataa pareo mayores FeO huh
Bambaataa Pio by the party mafia at
Linamar our on-demand NXT do you know
that energy that you guys have right now
that you can still not sleep for a day
and go to clue school the next day in
dynamic AI on once you reach a certain
age you want to go home and sleep so
while you still can while you still have
the energy while you still have the
health and the time do it when you guys
get married it's one of the most
beautiful things that will happen to
your life but you have a wife you are my
wife is here by the way so yeah there
are we love I'm so happy to have
narrator yes but but you will have prior
different priorities will no longer be
able to spend that time building
whatever it is that you want to build
because your family now comes first so
make the most out of your 7 to 1 a.m.
laguna la escena sabrina mannitol busy
sila voila Silla auras now allah salaam
we didn't go in but the fact of the
matter is that time is the most
important time of your life I'll tell
you a quick story it was mentioned
earlier in the intro that I found in
unbox which is a technology side now
unbox is one of the top tech sites now
in the hunt it gets over 2 million 1.5
to 2 million unique views every month we
have a lot of solid partnerships and
Dicers and the content that we generate
is pretty good how and when did it start
it started around five years ago while I
was still having a need to file I was
able to put it up during seven to one I
would write three to four articles by
myself every day I would do reviews by
myself I would shoot videos look like an
idiot pick a camera and do like that
no vlogging and stuff like that I would
go to events I would meet with
advertisers I would meet with partners
all during the seventh one and there are
a lot more stories of people who were
able to do that now what was the result
of doing that for five years pretty
amazing I was able to really travel the
world go to events that I only dreamed
of and through to Filipino style and
fashion I was able to go to Google i/o
jury at the Google campus in Mountain
View and I was able to take a selfie
with the CEO of Google that sundar
Pichai I literally bum-rushed him and
say sir selfie
Shalom Canberra okay I think he was
afraid because I was a big guy so
imagine him walking then there's a
bigger sir selfie yeah very Filipinos I
was also able to go to other places
because of my unbox big man box tip I
find so much fulfillment doing unbox
actually more than everything else and
it's a side project
it's a side hustle it's a passion
project the road less traveled is really
to pursue what you want to do but the
road less traveled is the hardest path
to pick when people say follow your
dreams follow your passions
it actually means work harder work
smarter give more of yourself give more
of your time and don't think for a
second that the world owes you anything
that's what it means to follow your
passion you are not supposed to follow
or listen to your heart you're supposed
to lead it it's an acting thing it's not
something that just falls magically on
your lap and then you become successful
overnight it takes a lot of hard work
the third point I'd like to stress is
called
and grip and this is I think a very
important topic that I'd like to stress
on this morning
what does resilience in grip mean a lot
of the older generations call us
millennial snacks
asana Colonials weak-willed Mahina
mobile is megive up entitled this is the
answer
resilience injury it's being able to
withstand trials as being able to
withstand challenges and to keep
powering on here's the fee you guys will
fail miserably as I have failed as our
fathers and grandfathers of film failure
is the one constant in life you will not
be successful all the time and you
probably heard it a thousand times what
matters is really how you get up but
I'll add one more thing the secret to
getting back up all the time the secret
to resilience the secret to grip is
humility it's knowing and accepting the
fact that you aren't that good yet it's
knowing and accepting the fact now
Indian and just apparel half the land
above a alum or Annapurna Canyon just
made ready but you know what I mean Mira
we are not blessed at all the talents in
the world and there are things that you
need to learn that we need to learn the
secret to resilience is humility
be humble accept the fact that you need
to learn a lot of things and that's the
only time you guys will really truly
soar and I'd like to tell you one more
story this is a popular hashtag dinner
in our industry it's called agency life
or hashtag booyah Hamzah for those of
you who want to dare to get into the
world of advertising let me give you a
warning it is really really crazy you
know eat up your time like there's no
tomorrow
Sakia sha-booyah and our agency life I
wasn't an agency person I started my
career in media I was in level up games
- those of you are familiar with
Ragnarok the game that sucked up all
your allowances and made your parents
angry so that was actually one of my
jobs then I moved on to a friend stir -
those are still familiar with Prancer
testimonials and stuff like that yadda
vodka tasty no man
and then eventually the tv5 and finally
to agency life my first agency that they
joined I was already the boss because
there are only a few people doing
digital so there are only a few senior
people in digital so they asked me to
take the lead now my problem must add
zero agency experience Digital was
familiar it was second nature but
experience running an agency not so much
I made a lot of mistakes we lost a few
clients not few we lost a lot of clients
we lost money we lost people but if
there's one thing that really kept me
going it was knowing the fact and
accepting the fact that I wasn't there
yet that I wasn't the best but I wanted
to be so I spent 7 to 1 again of my time
learning becoming better reading getting
mentors talking to the CEO top topping
to the chief creative officer talking to
the ECB's to know the business inside
the now what was the result
on our first year we were the Philippine
digital agency of the year on her second
year we were the silver digital agency
of the Year by campaign with Asia for
Asia for the Philippines and then on our
third year how we sold the agency to
dansou which is sort of the biggest
global agencies one brand agencies in
the world so it really pays to be humble
no Cena Vanilla's a biblia that the
humble will be exalted that's not a joke
because it's really rooted on something
it's rooted on a desire to be better
it's rooted on a desire that you can
always become a better version of
yourself and that's what I think really
is the secret to resilience now allow me
to end this talk with the few lines not
that I that I really wanted to share
with you guys this morning and this is
something that I wanted really to get
through to you la luna by owner who are
still in school and who are still
Millennials people call you or call us
week will people call us entitled people
call us week people called a soft we're
not
we're dreamers for people who have big
goals the big challenge is again getting
from point A to point B you are we are
world changers you are leaders you are
meant for greatness you guys will cut
them industries you guys eventually some
of you you never know the guy beside you
might be the next president but in a
ballet or not you never know
this generation is meant for greatness
and I don't want you to think otherwise
you are great you are leaders and don't
let that the body tell you otherwise now
to end I just want to share with you one
last story there was a time few around
10 years ago
Dubai told you I was a addict playing
games ragnarök
so I was in an internet cafe and then
there were robbers who came in and to
make a long story short I got shot three
times on the side so I was rushed to the
hospital you think that the gunshot
would be bad I was rushed to hospital
then they operate a governmental and
they operated on me without anesthesia
that was the bad fire so imagine them
cutting you open and then putting a tube
on your lungs to drain the blood and
then eventually I moved to a private
hospital and then the doctor said who
was the doctor who worked on your left
lung white because the fluids are on
your right so we have to reboot the
operation but this time with the
anesthesia so I know the difference and
I can tell you it works so what's my
point we all have one lives to live and
that was the biggest realization I had
back then you only have one life one
life you low friends it's not to get
wasted in some country and hook up with
whoever Yolo is not going to Cambodia
whatever going on tinder hooking up with
a foreigner and that's it that's not
Yolo that's dangerous
there are what are you psycho Yolo is
making a difference
Yolo is making an impact Yolo is
realizing how great you are and becoming
what God intended you to be leaders in
bed a bed there's there's one thing I
want to end with it's with this these
two words only onion thank you very much
for your time this morning
[Applause]
[Music]
