[Applause]
everybody is saying sigue a mastaba hi
maganda Umaga and welcome back to m√©xico
Alba Sevilla and yesterday I reacted to
the Southeast Asian Games 2019 opening
ceremony finale which was amazing and
you guys really enjoyed it as well but
you guys were so disappointed that I did
not react to the I guess singular
performances of each artist and I had no
idea they actually performed you know
each their turn you know for like a
minute or or two minutes you know I had
no clue if I knew I would have done the
reaction obviously because I know those
artists you know I'm familiar with them
and I would love to see more of them so
I decided like I went back into the
video and I scrolled and I tried to find
the part where all those singers
actually sing their own songs and I
found it so I'm gonna be reacting to it
I think it's pretty long it's probably
like 10 minutes maybe 12 minutes so if
you have the time I'd be happy for you
to join me on this reaction video and
after this I will be reacting to another
video that you guys want me to react to
that is related to the C games I guess
we can call them the C games right it's
a drone video honestly I have no idea
what it is but you guys kept sending
sending it to me so I will be reacting
to that one as well um yeah so before we
start of course before we start please
consider follow me on instagram at music
game news and without further ado let's
get to it become a pro patron at
patreon.com slash music game news and
get to guaranteed monthly custom
reaction videos
respecting and abiding by the
associative random in the true spirit of
sportsmanship look at this quality looks
like a music video Brunei Darussalam dar
dar Salam that's Arabic it means house
of Islam okay that's a country right
Cambodia Indonesia huh okay okay so
these are the countries that will take
part in the SCA or Sega games 2019 Laos
Malaysia I'm pissed with Malaysia man
because my video from yesterday got
blocked in Malaysia so it got
demonetised
and I'm like what Malaysia is part of
the freaking games why would you block
it in that country doesn't make any
sense
weird Myanmar
Tyler timor-leste never heard of this
country Vietnam Perla pants Cece 11
countries
[Music]
hmm I love the drama that is conveyed by
the music you know those instruments it
almost sounds like an Avengers
soundtrack you know
[Music]
whoo
[Music]
I don't know what it is about sports but
it just makes your blood boil inside you
know with pride
especially when it's a country or a team
that you root for man it just gets me so
hyped up you know and I cannot even
imagine how Filipinos must be feeling
right now because I mean this year has
been amazing for me because not only did
I become Canadian and the Raptors which
is the only basketball team in Canada
won the championship you know and they
became Canadian so it was perfect
and my other country Algeria won the
African World Cup so it's it's crazy so
yeah Filipinos must be feeling amazing
right now
[Music]
hmm drama when is one right
Bautista CA see do it do it with ISIL
Santos is that Isis Santos look
why me
[Music]
it is ISIL Santos looking like an angel
honestly like an angel look at the dress
I love the fact that it's it looks also
like it looks classy but it has that
traditional hint to it you know and
that's what makes it so special
oh yes
[Music]
so yesterday in the first video I asked
you a few questions and I want to thank
all the people that answered them thank
you so much so apparently about dista
was part of abs-cbn first and he came
second at a competition I forgot the
name of the competition but yeah he came
second and then he transferred to GMA
and apparently there was a time when
they would like swipe or swipe artists
or something like that so that's why he
is now with GMA very interesting
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
me namaha
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow
[Applause]
[Music]
are you kidding me they're actually
holding a house you know that's not
that's crazy
they're lifting a house
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that was perfect
it sounded like a legit Disney track
honestly it sounded perfect they sang it
perfectly yes there is a little bit of
overacting obviously but it doesn't make
it bad you know what I mean you like I
get it I see why the why they're doing
that you know and it just looks cute and
romantic and then I say
Killick whoa whoo that there weren't
that many guys who could dance at the
finale and I'm guessing maybe Pasquale
Inigo pass squad or something like that
because he's young he can move right
because the only young gesh singer that
I know likes to dance is Darren's Ponto
but he wasn't part of this so I don't
know
[Applause]
yep I was right Inigo past life
Oh
[Applause]
oh my god the outfit is so cool man
yo hmm cuz I'm gonna make a video very
soon letting you and letting you guys
know about the Philippines my trip with
my brother to the Philippines the
GoFundMe you know how much we're gonna
need to get there but yo I'm gonna need
some money to buy these outfits man they
look so cool I mean can you imagine i
buy outfits like this and wear them
during my reaction videos how cool would
that be
[Applause]
his pants his pants resemble the pants
the you know oriental pants Arab pants
that Aladdin wears and that we wear as
well so this is cool
[Applause]
yo I am actually more impressed by the
backup dancers they're doing a great job
and speaking of outfits in the other
video I mentioned the TNT boys outfits
and asked you a question I asked you
what what it was called and you guys
answered me and apparently it is called
a traditional barong Tagalog outfit you
know it looks really nice so again if I
can get one of those one day when I get
to the Philippines that would be amazing
[Music]
hey is that a heart I think it's a heart
[Applause]
all those hits did you hear that good
good good good good good guy
[Applause]
who's this rapper ah okay okay Elmo
Magalona it's the guy that I had no idea
who he was you know yesterday so I guess
he's a rapper and a singer Elmo Magalona
I mean all these Filipinos can do both
you know love love the traditional
hoodie look at those clothes the clothes
are fly
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
are they saying Manila like I am from
Manila something like that
I am 10 from Manila right but I don't
know what that word is I am what from
Manila
[Applause]
[Applause]
it was funny I read a comment on my
video from yesterday someone said in the
thumbnail the image that I chose of case
impending gun looked like cardi B
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
her outfit is fly I mean I am not
surprised that she chosen an outfit that
is like super busy and super eclectic
you know because it is Casey tendon gun
after all and you know she is always
trying to differentiate herself from the
masses by wearing like crazy makeup you
know crazy hair colors and you know
she's that way
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
the best female rapper and the
Philippines in my opinion who can also
belt when she wants to
[Music]
[Music]
don't you love her stage presence too
man like this woman is tiny and you can
tell right there but you don't feel it
because when she is on stage you know
she keeps moving and she is very
magnetic
you know like on stage you cannot help
but look at her and be mesmerised
[Applause]
I love the drums
[Music]
[Music]
see that's exactly what I'm talking
about I mean she's not even moving there
but she's moving everything else like
her feet are not moving but did you see
the passion and the movements and
everything ah that's what I'm talking
about look at it
[Applause]
[Music]
those heads man there you go it makes
sense that they put them all together
because they can all rap and this was a
very hip hop hip hop urban performance a
lot of fun basically
[Music]
[Music]
everything matches you know everything
works so well together the background
colors the background shapes with their
clothes with the lighting so cool
[Music]
yeah baby
yes angling ladies and gentlemen let's
go
[Applause]
I love the rhythm of the drums she can
go oh snap it's been a while since I
heard this track man so I don't think I
ever listened to it after I started you
know learning about the Philippines I
should because he's probably mentioning
a lot about about the Philippine in this
song he just said chicken adobo chicken
adobo man I tasted it this summer and it
was delicious
Newman attire
[Music]
batbabe up give up give up but see this
is what I'm talking about look at the
background and look at the outfits of
the dancers slash drummers and the
painting on their body everything
matches little bit Pinot seed that part
I think they should have increased the
number of people that's a Filipino you
know cuz it feels a little underwhelming
you know like a
[Music]
[Music]
let go now sigue sigue what is that what
does sigue mean canopy no Filipino but
Lupino
I bought that demo pill for bed babe
what what
people people people people
[Music]
okay they are looping this part Bibble
Bibble Bibble Bibble everybody is saying
sigue oh my god that's what I'm talking
about when the crowds get into it
[Applause]
selamat Wow
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
ah there you go the stars alright so
this is where I started reacting for the
video that I made yesterday this is
where this is the finale basically this
is where the finale starts so the stars
I asked you know I was like oh the stars
might be representing the islands of the
Philippines but no apparently these
stars are called peril which is uh which
they're like symbolic Christmas stars
something like that so now representing
the Philippines especially apparently
since you guys have like more than 7,000
islands but you know I mean you can
still represent some of the islands you
know with stars but there you go
it's a Christmas thing apparently ah
damn Sun Dial Sun this was fantastic
honestly my only gripe like I said it
was just the moment where they say
Filipino Filipino I honestly think they
should have increased the number of
voices like backup vocals or something
just to make it sound bigger and
stronger you know what I mean
but it was so great I loved it man the
outfits
oh those outfits everything matched it
was just so good and apparently the
Philippines did so good that maybe they
are considering having the Olympics at
some times at some point in the
Philippines which would be nuts and I
cannot believe they didn't think about
that even you know before like you
kidding me I haven't been to the
Philippines yet and I wanna go in March
2020 stay tuned for a video about that
but like everyone that that has been in
the Philippines comes back with a huge
smile on their faces they're like we had
the best vacation ever you know because
of the islands because of the weather
because of the people mainly because of
the people so how can you not have the
Olympics there it makes perfect sense
and apparently you guys have one of the
biggest arenas in the world so dude it's
it's
it's obvious it's obvious the world even
the World Cup boy I mean you guys don't
really play soccer you guys are more
into boxing hands Manny Pacquiao and
basketball and beauty pageants but still
maybe they should consider having a
World Cup they're like who wouldn't want
to go visit the Philippines and watch
soccer you know it would be fantastic
but yeah this was great
unfortunately we didn't see the TNT boys
and Loni missile lucha but again
Melanie missile lucha sang the national
anthem oh and the person that sang or
came up I think with the the song of the
South Eastern Asian Games 2019 is Lea
Salonga Familia yes but apparently she
could not be there because she was I
think in Vietnam or Indonesia I'm not
very sure but there is a video of her
performing the the the song of the of
the games and I will probably be
reacting to that one so stay tuned to
that okay a lot of work ahead of me guys
um so yeah there you go I really
appreciate all the love you guys gave me
uh from the first video I really
appreciate the fact that you guys notice
how much I put into into this you know
like I'm genuinely interested in the
Philippines you know I love you guys and
just because you guys also send my way
so much love I have to give it back and
I cannot wait to go to the Philippines
honestly like it's happening in 2020 for
sure okay okay now it is your turn to
let me know in the comment section below
your thoughts on this video I have
rambled on for way too long
take care of yourselves have a great day
and I will catch you in the next video
as usual
peace edy lambing what I mean somehow
mcpaul thank you for watching subscribe
here and please like the video to show
your support and appreciation for my
work and turn on the notification bell
to beatbox for future content yeah
