right here there's a big old container
of Papa it done it must be popular
because there is a giant cauldron of
that stuff right there
on the best-ever food review show it's
my mission to seek out the most unique
food from around the world this mission
has led me to worms in Vietnam this is
what's going to be going into our food
later I tried my luck with flaming pawn
in India and I even took on fermented
stingray in Korea we're gonna be okay
but none of that compares to what I'll
experience today in the Philippines
exotic foods are always interesting and
their main question is always why every
unique food has a unique story that
brings us closer to the culture whether
it started as survival flying line need
of more chicken is expensive if they
cannot fight it so they're local people
in the village go out and find this in
the jungle or have some secret health
benefits ammonia ammonium until the bone
heals oh it has a lot of ammonia in
sight so it's really good for your
health today we're taking on the most
exotic foods in davao whoa there's a lot
happening in there we'll try some
Filipino classics take in to the next
level what do you mean I ate a balut
without a chick yeah and work our way up
to the king of exotic foods or what some
lovingly referred to as goat poop soup
are we really gonna get done
yeah is it really coming from the public
so open your mind and open your mouth
because we're going extreme in the
Philippines
today we're starting off in bacau Rohan
market to vows epicenter of all things
fresh and yummy here in the seafood
section they're slicing up tuna belly
tail and jaw but we're here for one
extra special cut whoo nice famous Park
in Hilo bikini life is too amazing I'm
gonna show you something more oh jeez
this is a delicacy yeah locally this is
called B hood big old sacks full of tuna
eggs or ro but these eggs won't be
extracted rather they'll be cooked in
the egg sac hello sir is this on me let
me okay
he said it's yummy how much is it for
these two 80 per kilo we're paying about
a dollar and a half for two pounds
pardon he wants to like grab on to it
but then part of me wants my hands to
not smell like that for the rest of my
life so maybe I'll just not whoa it is
fleshy heaven yes there's a lot
happening in there you've had it before
yeah it's like liver chicken liver oh I
like chicken liver great we'll buy a
beer then we'll choose one car in there
there cook for us let's go cook it up
now that we've got our eggs we need them
cooked so we're headed to lose Camilla a
restaurant famous for its take on the
Filipino classic Kinney Lau and right
now I can't wait to see how they take on
this SAP how are they going to prepare
it they're gonna wrap it with coconut
leaves perfect that's how I would do it
- Wow anything like this no they're
gonna wrap it up like tin tin foil or
something they just put it on a skewer
and put that on there just so it doesn't
fall off because it's so gooey and saggy
the interesting preparation look at
these beautiful vascular bulges how long
does this grill
30 minutes whoa that takes a long time
do you like this one let me you promise
what a moment 30 minutes for it worth
the wait this is the fish roe it's kind
of the egg sac if you zoom in on this it
almost looks like a piece of chicken
breast the texture is uncanny it's so
bizarre I'm just gonna try a plain
without the sauce mmm hmm that is a
really interesting go dry him from
baleen and a hint of fishiness in there
this game is hide it doesn't need to
sauce cuz it's a bit dry I'm gonna
drench it in here a perfect combination
it is it's right this already feels
ricey to me the texture really
interesting big robust dense eggs it
soaks up the sauce like a little sponge
a little bit of sour a little bit of
heat there's quite nice how many tunas
do you think this could have been one
page Wow
Doh egg sacs science
should I be worried about the poppity
done yeah if you think the face of me
hood is crazy but by Ethan is crazier oh
no what have I done before we take on
Papa Eaton I'm warming up with some
one-of-a-kind Filipino food here at
lysis BBQ we are at license barbecue and
I'm here right now with my son
Hey we had to come here especially after
seeing many different unique food items
you're serving here hello students come
here dinner and internet Rafi so you
have a joint business it's amazing guys
it's a barbecue can you see that we're
by the barbecue and there's smoke and
visual storytelling right now the fish
eggs in my stomach are feeling lonely
without fish sperm but Lysa is here to
fix all that this is the Monday Mike
okay bhai is fish screw me in our devout
tuna video we tried yellowfin
restaurants marinated and seared a guy
by anyway they're the hit the bitter all
right I thought a lot of emotions here
at licensed barbecue they start by
chopping the sperm sac into manageable
bite-sized pieces
then a hurricane of sauces starting with
soy sauce oyster sauce mayo MSG salt hot
sauce and pepper
this gets sauteed over hot oil garlic
and onions
finally they toss it on the hot plate
and we're ready for action
this is these fish sperm this fish
departments just hard for me to say this
is one of the many interesting foods you
have here so I'm just gonna fork it a
bit get a nice pork full of it oh it's
still steaming let's go for it the fish
okay all right let's go oh it's not like
gooey but it is soft it's very tender
and there's just so many seasonings and
spices on there it's a great spice
combination I love that they serve it on
that sizzling platter oh this is much
better than be wood this one's very soft
and the other one was was very hard and
kind of crumbly you know we need those
kind of polar opposites in nature the
masculine and the feminine the hard and
gooey vices BBQ is a unique food factory
during one red horse inspired evening
she created sizzling pollute people are
hesitant to eat balut because get it
wrong no but when there's sauce
it's like mist wrapping you even though
you're munching the head already it's
not you're not munching the head at all
balut are the 18 days developed duck
fetuses after they've been hard-boiled
they get the same sauce treatment as the
Bugaboo sauteed on high heat and finally
plopped on a hot plate
you thought you would seen every
manifestation of cooking this developed
fetus but no we brought it here on a hot
plate and we're gonna try it out right
now let's go for it look warranty I like
that you coming in that one parts are
really hard it is a lot of joy the white
one is an item but it's like a pencil
eraser but the rest of its really good
my opinion with balloons a little scary
for some Westerners because it has eyes
that have been developed don't look into
those just put it all in
you ate the balloon without the cheek
dough the only ate the yellow one and
the white part saw it that sale I knew
something was wrong it was way too easy
yeah scoop up some sauce place it on the
egg here we go
Cheers once I really like him have you
freaked out about eating the plain
balloon maybe this could be your
training news right here for dessert pig
brain soup starting with some saut√©ed
veggies including Chinese okra after the
veggies soften up it's time for the
brains and finally the noodles
it's a perfect soup for Halloween yeah
as it's orange and it's scary this is a
huge portion by the way you can see I
have an entire brain so guys here it is
are you gonna cut me in yeah one two
three
oh that's nice that's very savory the
brain itself is kind of gelatinous soft
for some people that sure that
consistency is a little off-putting but
the flavor itself it's a little nutty
very savory as someone who grew up in
Mindanao though what foods are weird to
you let's focus well you look like you
got some PTSD from that traumatic yeah
puts a little bit more brain I'm getting
some noodles in there right time
mmm you like that fatty feeling I like
the brain part because my mother told me
when you eat that you'll get smart
that's true
if you eat eyes you can see better yeah
do eat a brain you can think better pay
dressed and get the rest better is that
true no no no I thought maybe I've been
eating too many
so watch our next word after this it's
goat spoon ya better be scared cut the
camera like are we really gonna get done
yeah the time has come and I think I
finally met my match papa Etan utilizing
one of the most uncommon ingredients
I've ever seen it is a goat poop soup
yes yeah it's the poop somehow it's
connected with the goats
invest in the way you're describing it
like it's a chocolate sundae yeah it's
like you're like this current area
specializes in all things goat so right
here you can see she's scooping
something up what is this one caldereta
but it's goats meat goat meat made into
a super thick stew with gravy yeah is
that good have you had that one yeah
how's that bass good what is the secret
man to a good co-director she says that
as long as the passion of cooking is
good the food is good oh it's kind of
poetic I like that right here there's a
big old container of Papa eat done it
must be popular because there is a giant
cauldron of that stuff right there today
I'm in luck cuz I'll get a chance to see
exactly how they put this beauty
together starting with goat meat that
looks pretty good actually I can see a
lot of innards pieces of intestine but
right here this is the real star of the
show that little kind of runny part that
is the actual poop I think it turns out
the poop isn't really poop at all it's
actually bile this is a bitter yellowish
green juice extracted from the liver and
stored in the gallbladder to aid in
digestion patrons here can't get enough
of its deep bitter flavor I'm gonna do
the game we call it give it a sniff why
don't you put the lid back on I don't
think it wanted to be disturbed anyways
how about you tone starts with a load of
sauteed garlic minced ginger onion and
tomato and cubed goat meat and innards
salt the greenish bile oh my
Lord quite a sight to see a bit of
pepper pepper pepper soy sauce vinegar
green chilies and beef seasoning I can
see there's tons of very strong flavors
in here spring onion and finally
intestine oh there it is it's not gonna
be chopped up or anything it's just
gonna be like some big noodles in there
add more water and let it boil about 20
minutes last a sprinkling of msg
we got a bunch of food here some vinegar
here if we want a little bit of vinegar
on our food I want to work my way up to
the poof soup what is this one called
again kind of a Taipan thumping thumping
is goat yeah all right let's try out
some of this okay let's try it together
one two hmm oh that's delicious that
meat is very tender I like that a lot
that actually is reasonably refreshing
for a goat on a hot day mmm delicious
this is the go adobo adobo is like one
of the national dishes of the
Philippines but I've never had it with
goats let's try it a little bit tough
but some nice seasonings coming off
their soy sauce and garlic especially
I've been putting it off as long as
possible but here's the moment the whole
reason we came here it's for this HOOPP
soup mmm it does it's very bitter
smelling kind of grassy I'm gonna pour
it on top of my rice get some of that
broth on there and don't be shy people
at home they really want to see how far
you can take this a little bit of
everything in here we got some innards
some rice some of those juices soaking
into the rice let's go for it
it's bitter but it's good what's your
comment about its I'm strong the bile
Jason there is so intense it's very
bitter it's very similar to the one that
I had in in Thailand or you put like a
busload of bile in there this tastes
like pure bile
oh you got chase it with alcohol is it
supposed to taste like that yeah it's
natural pop anything look and the only
way I can understand this is if you love
bitter foods then BAM this is for you
all the way homie I'm gonna get some
straight-up broth right now here we go
let's try out just a broth
it makes us know that can you chase the
grassiness in there for me it's just
plain bitter is there anything you would
add to this to make it less bitter would
you put in some of this column on scene
you can you can actually I'm fine with
all the opals and organs
it's just that broth with all that
strong Vedic kind of that wrong
bitterness in there is what gets me but
let's try it with some of that Holloman
sea truth here we go
but change a little bit but it still
does have this like very animal lead
taste to it people like this because
it's weird at the same time it's very if
you're an adventurous kind of person so
this soup is for you man
that is a thrill ride for the taste buds
that is a rollercoaster for the old
mouth it's a haunted hayride for the old
piehole it's all those things in one
Ellen thank you so much for joining us
today what an adventure and guys next
time you're out and about and traveling
to new places push your mouth and your
taste buds to the edges of their limits
explore the fringes of food possibility
and try something new I think it's okay
to be a little apprehensive as long as
you go in with an open heart and even
more open mouth for you guys this video
was made possible by one trip Vietnam
one trip is the highest rated tour
company in Vietnam doing tours from
north to south right now in Hanoi Danang
hoian and Saigon you can experience food
tours adventure tours and more for more
information on one trip check out the
links in the description down below I
will see you next time
Oh peace okay you know people say I
never feed you any food which i think is
like they don't see it but do you want
some yeah he's why are you shaking your
head no okay I'm offering you food
people think that I don't offer it's
right here man just open up your mouth
you
just let us keep with
Megan
