hello and welcome to the news
overreacting podcast episode 3 it's when
the fun happens as always I'm your boy
hugs sand by my side here and today we
have our very first guess I'm so excited
us a couple Gabe and Kayla from adobo
sandwich if you don't know about him
you're about to find out today was I was
kind of disappointed that you didn't do
your hot sam you I was kind of waiting
for that it's all good
we we post these two huncles TV but we
do the podcast enter a little bit
different yeah we I don't know we
probably should I also need to bring
back the double hats you stop that I
think people just kept wondering where
to have it so legit for the people who
will care which probably for people
don't watch this when we went to the
Philippines is actually the reason I
stopped doing it because double hats is
really cool when you're sitting in an
office like right here making videos
hanging out but when you're walking
around like a hundred degree weather
sweat dripping down your body through
like Jose Rizal Park with two hats up
that keep falling and I bought a thing
like closing and then we went to these
museums if they wouldn't let me wear
them in the museum because hats
yeah they're you could be storing a
weapon in one of those hats we're gonna
have to ask you to take confiscated them
at the front door there you go to not go
pro yeah well they they let us carry the
GoPro but they made us take off this
it's got one of these like detachable
you know Tom yeah so we walk in we're
recording we have like this whole like
entourage with us of all these people
other they just start stripping me about
what I want to know is
never seeing that before like the double
hats did you like just come up with that
on your own or was it just like you know
what I'm just gonna have four days less
yeah you're inspired by some thinner
just one day I just did it I don't know
I was like this looks stupid that's fun
yeah I feel you just because when we
when we into the Philippines like I've
always rocked these like green like neon
sunglasses and like every vacation and
when I went there and we liked in a
bunch of lives in the Philippines like I
got so much like shade for wearing those
everybody was like take those off so
[Music]
yeah I figure you can't please everybody
like people are like calling from you to
take those off and I was like now yeah
so what happened was gave actually broke
that they broke yeah they were like so
Craig I don't even know how he's out on
the road and then we'll while we were
walking through one of the markets gave
like bands or well originally back in
the day before I even started this
channel I I wanted to do this glasses
thing where I had like regular glasses
but they look like 3d glasses so like
the inside we're gonna color in blue and
red like the one day and actually all my
branding on that channel was all about
like that coloration and I never did it
cuz I wanted to do originally before
ever did hats I used to wear hats in all
my videos and then did the double hat
thing right which I regret sometimes we
were watching some videos back like old
ones and I was I don't you let me record
with my hair like oh my god I was
laughing so hard at his hair that's
funny that you mentioned that because we
watched yesterday it was actually
yesterday we watched the first reaction
video we ever made and we'll never do
that again it's just like it's it hurts
like to watch it free
my god y'all should do that in the
channel people have asked us to do like
react to your old cringy reactions you
all should do that because we want to go
back and watch some of ours cuz the
first ones on the channel I did by
myself I don't know what possessed me
okay I just one day I had talked about
making a reaction channel forever I
loved watching reaction channels and I
do my own thing and I just sat down in a
tank top okay yeah like Bobby Hill
shaved hair probably like like to an ER
be nosy also that video it was like it
was like the second video ever recorded
it got like 4000 views and I thought
that I was like he was like 4,000 people
I remember how was in the beginning like
I like you know when we got a hundred
views like initially like fifty of the
views were probably my how many views
the video but yeah yeah so was this your
first youtube channel or have y'all done
anything on YouTube before this I back
in the day like in YouTube's heyday um
me and me and my co-workers we worked at
like a country club and that's where
like my youtube career started and I
don't think I'll ever like say what the
name of the thing is but like we
actually had a little like mini show
where we would just go around and scare
each other and it was pretty funny yeah
it was pretty funny and like we don't do
it I mean
we don't do it anymore but like that was
back in those like if we kept going with
that I guarantee it what a Bluetooth
blew up because like they were like like
like stations that saw it and they want
to eat TV yeah and they were like hey
can we use your guys's clips oh really
yeah sure and I was like I was like a 17
year old kid and everything so you know
if we thought it was a big deal but yeah
those are still on YouTube that's her my
youtube to hit me up on the deal and go
check these out yeah I can't it's here
we'll make a trade you get to see my
video where I where to take table Bobby
Hill and bonus I'll hook you up with a
video I made I used to go my different
name and I made a JB Singh's video where
I sing kiss from a rose by seal you
think you think was it was a kiss from a
rose by seal oh I was present when he
was doing it and I was the other one I'm
like oh my gosh
so yeah there's a story it was actually
shot in her parents house when I lived
with her parents when I first moved to
Texas what uh what happened was I useful
World of Warcraft
a really big nerd for gaming and I was
trying to I was trying to convince this
guy to come play with us to help us he
was really good and he's like all right
I will
oh sweet he's like be you guys saying
kiss from a rose in front of everybody
in this voice chat so I did it was like
a running joke with my friends for like
six years and one of my really close
friends who was like a part of this
whole thing his brother passed away who
was also friends with us and to kind of
like I don't know have a moment and like
dedicated to him I sang that song so all
my friends would think it was funny and
laugh at me away
were you like commit really committed
were you like always there was like 100%
like he was kind of serious like I was
I'm gonna have to take you up on that
we'll talk afterwards I I think I have
to see that I have to see that I think
maybe like podcasts like 6 or 7 we need
to have a cringe on a sandwich versus
like pickles TV cringe of the cooking
with Sam video that we put out but there
might another one where I was singing on
them style dancing in the living room I
didn't know he was recording me totally
committed that performance well because
I didn't know he was recording me well
I'm just like singing Gangnam style and
dancing with a butternut-squash never
been seen we've thought about posting it
I'm wearing some wigs be like like tight
like baseball shorts or whatever yeah
that's what I was curious have y'all had
done youtube before or anything like
that because this is like how do you
know Stevie was like my fifth channel
what I used to I used to vlog and then I
had another channel where I did gaming
so it was all like little so I think
that most subs I had was like 200 then I
had a video of me doing 5ks I've done
seven five K's in my life is actually
like my third one that one's still up or
no it's private but it's on what year
did you start or you like your perfume
my first channel I think was not that
long ago probably like 2011 yeah not
really met in 2013 and we were both
making youtube videos then we both had
our own separate channel
because we met online you know thousand
miles apart and we would watch each
other's YouTube videos so oh yeah well
we met ourselves through Twitter and
because actually I made youtube videos
like I said on a couple different
channels but it's actually my blog that
I used to blog a lot under my like
fitness thing and that's what was huge
like I would get like ten thousand views
on on my blog posts and stuff and I was
on Huffington Post live they had me on
with like these celebrities it was
really cool
the Barberton who was Geordi LaForge
from Star Trek and also Reading Rainbow
that was wait that's three YouTube's
like nobody knows any of that stuff so
you try to find it on the Internet I
don't know but this was the first
channel that I did that I was like
alright I'm gonna try to make a run at
this I loved watching YouTube videos
like you talked about YouTube's heyday I
was like mystery guitar man I was huge
into ice early ring raywilliamjohnson or
whatever like retina watch forever like
all those dudes all those dudes
vlogbrothers I was a huge fan of and I'm
like you know I'm gonna do this I'm
gonna make a run and she actually hated
reaction channels when they started and
I think I was watching the wrong people
you know there's some people out there
that are just so fake I mean just
thought about it but like you know you
watch I mean you're just like why can't
why do you even want to watch this you
know like they're taking a video that I
love and they're like kind of like
making it into a joke I felt like and
right right oh yeah a lot of the times
with like reaction channels they yeah I
don't like hate on any like the action
towns are like but there's there's some
people who have like no it seems like
they have like no business reacting to
it like you know they don't like enjoy
it and even so I've seen them just like
staring and like nodding their head and
like right family 1015 videos of them
just doing that it's just like what you
like what are you doing I know but
overall I mean I used to hate way more
people in the beginning but it's not
because I hated them it's because like
the crap we would get when we started
doing videos people be like all you guys
are fake you guys or whatever and I'm
like we're just getting that because
that's the overall kind of feel for
reaction channels in general is probably
the reaction tails and what I told her
you know to overcome her objections
beginning it's like I want to be the
person who's different I want to be the
one out there who's analyzing and
telling people how I feel no I don't
have a music background so when I watch
music videos you're not gonna hear you
know about the technical terminology but
I can tell you how my emotions felt I
can like keep it with you 100 tell you
if I didn't like something which a lot
of people won't do yeah and there's been
something where we'll watch a video will
react to it and then we just don't feel
like our reaction was very good so we
won't post it like you know and if we're
just sitting there and have like no
reaction I'm not gonna post it yeah no
yeah it's clear that you guys are
totally authentic yeah I mean it
obviously shows you know because you
guys got you know you guys got it like
100k subs alright yeah so I feel like
with you when you guys I mean what you
guys portray it like it's genuine and
that's what we like about y'all to say
that's why we we kind of gravitated
towards all right so get back then how
you were saying that Josh you started
the reaction channel and then Sam you
came in like a little bit later then so
like I started watching like what he was
doing and that started seeing some the
comments and he was getting some really
positive comments so I was like there
was one videos the Katy Perry rise not
believe he was the first one I did she
dropped a music video and I was like
yeah I watched it and I was like you got
it he's like I should do reaction to it
you know so I kind of like set off to
the side while he watched it and reacted
to it and all of that and I kind of like
liked being a part of it and so another
time or that was just the actual like
song itself yeah and then the music
video came out and we reacted to that
together and
and like I felt like I was a part of it
you know and I felt like really cool and
then so I we decided to do she would
randomly likes doing weird later it was
like not I don't know would just be
random videos like hey you want to do
this one with me just for fine you know
you didn't really care but then we did
an ER B video and we had 188 subs yeah
he was a 181 something like that less
than 200 subs yeah and there's this dude
who still comes into our chapters to
this day and this is why I say like
never forget the people who they're with
you in the beginning those do Harambee
what's his out of his name is now steal
something I know master but anyway I
remember around Blademaster yeah he came
in he was like how do you guys not have
more subs like we had listened to her
subs he's like man you guys are so good
like I really care about you whatever
like really nice stuff yeah that video
got a hundred fifty thousand views in
two days and we had like a hundred like
made very little subs and I was like not
even like a big part of the channel with
that mix so I I went in analytics I was
like wait this says it's already got
like over 70,000 views like and I was
hanging out with my friend and I'm like
he calls me and tells me this I'm like
yeah it must be a glitch you know like
it has to be a glitch that's not
possible
and so we go home and like like that now
we just like basically sit there and
stared it was like what well cuz if you
don't create YouTube content what you
what you don't know is sometimes it'll
show like a video only has like a
thousand views and it may if you go to
real-time analytics it shows you the
actual views so because people out there
be like oh is it thousand views which is
what I thought until I found out of a
real-time analytics just catch up yeah
this could be something like people
actually care yeah and we went from 181
subs to 800 subs like that baby right
now
and then in like and that blew up into
like two thousand subs over the end of
the week and then like the next month we
had 10,000 like we went from nothing to
10,000
like really because there was October
26th I remember that day we that we
dropped that er B we hated like my dad's
birthday summer to us yeah but that's
still that's huge growth for for lesson
to it but it was ever since then I was
like oh my gosh people really like this
like they really like like I some what
we have to say and it was fun so I just
started being like more of a part of the
channel well that's where the show came
into it was I've always regretted that
the channel was my name and I want to
get into that a little bit about your
channel but let's hug knuckles TV cuz
the original is just me and then we
talked about changing channel name and
she didn't want to do that but we also
wanted people to know that she was like
not just a guest anymore like she was
with me and that's why I was like as
always by my side hot sam and then it
like turned a used to me sometimes so it
like it just it just turned into what it
turned into with it's really fun if you
like line them all up and order and see
the way it's changed so yeah you guys
deserve all all the subs man I like did
you get your silver play button yeah we
have it but I've heard it takes six
months also see you have to order it but
I also talked to other people that said
you don't like it just automatically
comes to you
really I want that silver play button so
bad I think you guys will get it faster
than you yeah I really believe in
y'all's channel and that's why we we
care so much about you guys like you
guys are just legit like you guys are
real people and I love your vlogs I love
your vlogs a lot it's like that's why
you know I feel like the legitimacy that
realness is gonna be paying off for
y'all and it blows up like you never
know we didn't think we were gonna hit a
hundred thousand by the end of last year
no it was insane we were you know that
was like our big goal and then we were
like we're not gonna make it because we
ended up going
Illinois from lines I remember me and
Kayla did see your guys's you put out a
video where you reached it like alive or
something oh yeah I was cracking up
because I think you were on social blade
or something where it counts and it kept
going over a hundred and anyone under
and I was just trying to Lenny Troy 10k
to you in your line like everybody in
there wants to like be the first one the
one hundred thousandth person so that's
your reaction to whenever it's wished
and then it would go back down but I
want to get back to so you originally
did that what made you want to come back
to YouTube was it had you done YouTube
before killer or was this something that
was like a gay bi dear um no I hadn't
done YouTube I think that when when we
started doing YouTube we I think we sat
down and kind of reanalyze we just moved
back to Washington
everything had kind of changed in our
life and we had just had Oliver or a
second and I don't know I think we kind
of sat down and we're like okay this is
our year we are going to try and do what
we've always wanted to do and I started
a little Etsy shop that I was selling my
art it was something that I always
wanted to do and Gabe always wanted to
kind of do a YouTube channel and that's
just kind of how it started and we yeah
I've always had like I mean just like
whenever like even when I was a kid like
sixth grade like fourth fifth sixth
grade like I would always make like
videos for like class and everything for
like projects and I just like love I
just like loved it and yeah and you know
when YouTube came out and we had that
that show or the little show thing in my
work and it was just like its it's like
whatever I'm doing something like that
like I mean I'm in like flow and it's
like everything's like so easy and
like a lot of fun like time just like
passes by and I feel like if anybody
like has that experience with anything
like they should like you know gravitate
towards the after yeah like yeah so I
yeah that's where kind of last year two
years ago we thought we would go all in
with not all in but like you know
started channel and see where it goes so
when you originally were setting out did
you plan on doing like Filipino
reactions or cuz I know you had the name
adobo sandwich was that the name the
whole time or what was the idea behind
it yeah we started we started out with
that name and we from the beginning
wanted to do something about us being a
Filipino American yeah like it's funny
because uh when we got interviewed on
the wish bus DJ Robin asked us this no
yes yeah yes this kind of like this
question but you know yours and so we we
should yeah our very first video was
like me it was me making like it was
like a little love story you know and
that I made for Kayla and everything
like that and then you know that's where
we you know started getting some
engagement and and the second one was me
playing Pokemon go and Kayla was like
Eric Kayla got a couple shots of me try
and play pokemon go but um you know just
just kind of um we we always wanted to
like cater to like the Filipino like
audience obviously me being filled you
know and Kayla you know her growing up
she's had like so many Filipino friends
and she just enjoyed the culture already
and then we got a request for reacting
to on the wish bus and then that's then
it kind of took off from there
who is the first artist she reacted to
in the wish bus KZ Royal oh my gosh
that's a good start
man that sets the bar so high for
everything else though like I know cuz
that's still like my favorite one of my
favorite performances ever I feel like I
feel like that don't look it up no I
that is probably our video that we got
the most no there's a just yeah and
that's what is okay when we started
making reaction videos we didn't know
how it worked we didn't know like the
ins and outs of it whatever and so when
he was editing it he was like cutting it
why are you coming you just watch it all
the way through
hey we take that down though because so
it being cut up probably helped you all
be in the long run cuz oh really no she
got hit hard we didn't get hit but just
we I mean you know y'all have got a
copyright strike ring man we got - yeah
well I was gonna say I thought y'all put
out videos about that I remember that
but um we got hit for what was it boys
booty knees Philippines boys kids no I
didn't do boys kids cuz everyone warned
us we like anything that's even got a
whiff of like it might get copy written
gonna get that up but people will go ham
we do a whenever we do like music videos
normally they just get blocked worldwide
so if you don't chop them up at all then
you just can't even post it and people
will go in how could you you're like
ruining the artist intended I'm like
well otherwise I couldn't post it at all
oh yeah yeah we feel yeah then I mean
let me say something you know for
whoever's watching like this - like we
then this is specifically because we get
so many requests for Sarah I don't know
if you guys have the same thing but for
Sarah Veronica videos we love Sarah
bharanam oh but they get like we get
emails or like claims on that and
everything everything all the people who
are Sarah for Carano fans and requests
like probably any reactor like that I
feel like that's why not very many
people react to her we love her but like
it's just not worth like you what you're
saying it's not worth the risk you know
getting healing there's a I mean there's
a whole story and we could talk
I don't want to talk about the entirety
of it on camera we were making a deal
with MCN I always recommend staying away
from ncns but we got offered a really
sweet deal by a super high MCM that
represents some people that are like
idols in my life and one of the big
things they wanted us not to do Filipino
content anymore or what they referred to
as international content they want to
impress on like North American based or
European based content because that was
higher CPM and we were totally against
that and then they also realized that
the content we make doesn't make a lot
of money because out of probably a
thousand videos we have I would say 60%
of them are all copyright not claimed
but to monetize like the original
copyright I was like maybe a cbn claim
there's a lot of the commercials because
you say Sarah honinbo and I got like 20
emails last week of new videos yeah
but anything even a lot of the wish bus
stuff now is getting claimed stuff that
originally wasn't is getting hit up by
abs-cbn like the Inigo Pasquale video
and stuff like that but people always
think like all you guys you had 115,000
subs you get millions of views like you
guys are balling I'm like man our second
channels just hit 10,000 subs and we
make this yeah that's good that you're
saying that cuz I mean it's good to
clear up because you know a lot of
people or maybe viewers do like think
that you know where they're like
reactors make you know or the like
buckets of money and I feel like at
least I know with you guys and with us
like we're just doing it because we
enjoy it yeah and that's why we had such
a hard time with them saying we couldn't
do international content I'm like that's
like where my heart is and why I don't
care that like I'm doing it I'm doing it
because it's like it makes me happy and
that's what all my fans like want to see
that's the stuff they like and I like
making a hundred thousand people happy
you know like nothing not that all of
them watch our videos but the coolest
thing to me is the fact that
we post the video I mean this may still
you know to some people they might not
get it hopefully all understand I'm
saying like when you post the video
people actually are watching it as soon
as you post it like for having done
YouTube for so long some of my videos
would give 50 views in like five months
the fact that now I can post the videos
get 50 views in like the first minute
I'm like oh my god like every time I'm
so like all people well also I did like
a rewind video to all of 26 2017 and I
was really shocked that it didn't get as
many views as like I expected and so
like it's kind of on the other side of
that it's kind of like whenever a video
you really want to see like get a lot of
views doesn't get as many views it's
kind of like like every time it's like
I'm shocked anybody tunes in yeah just
to watch that's it we talked about this
and the later in the last podcast the
last two that like I would personally
still have like a hard time believing
that like that many people watch my
videos you know what I mean yeah so how
have you all been approached in the
States and all my people like how many
people have come up to you we it's funny
because right I think we did a jollibee
food review like our like what our first
one and then the second time that we
went to Jollibee here in seattle area we
walked into a Jollibee and somebody like
tapped it like tapped us and we were
going out and they were like I've seen
you on YouTube and then like walked away
and we were like yeah crazy you know so
that that happened but other than that
in this days I I don't think we've
really been know I mean I don't know and
think so and it's it's funny because
whenever we go because we have like a
Filipino like kind of grocery area place
there's a lot of
you know is over here and stuff like
that but whenever we go to places like
that we get like a like a tingling
feeling like people are looking at us
what I think could be just in our minds
but it's like yeah you know so I don't
know if they maybe they know us and just
don't say anything or not I don't know
yeah people will actually rock us
it's really sad to me because we'll have
people that will tweet us after they sue
us and then also like I feel like
whenever I go to Jollibee I'm like I'm
looking alike does anybody know like
anybody who meets eye contact like if
they're too shy to come up to me I want
to be like you know wave or something
like to make them feel more comfortable
when I'm well the first time we were
ever noticed the first time we were
noticed was from that first video they
got the hundred fifty thousand was
somebody we went to school with in our
like friends with and he's like I don't
know how but this was a my recommended
and I go to school with you and I was
like that's awkward and then it was like
you whenever out if you saw the video
like he had to go to the emergency room
and there was a stuff about a year ago
my heart rate dropped is and that same
guy was in their mercy room that night
and I was like this is really weird
so but the first one the first like
legit like fan sighting I guess was our
first time to jelly be yeah and I would
he walked up and he's like are you hug
knuckles TV I probably had like fifteen
thousand subs at that point we're like -
it wasn't like a whole lot and then when
we went to Skokie like North Chicago we
went to the Jobi there the manager new
eyes which actually funny story it
didn't make it into the vlog of my dad
that's actually the last time we ever
went out I did anything with my dad
before he passed was going to jelly bean
in Chicago yeah we bought that video
yeah and the the crew came up and asked
to take a picture with us which that
parts in there but they're like oh can
we get a picture and they were like
talking to my dad asking him to take the
picture and he thought she wanted a
picture of him he's like oh I'm not part
of this
dead she wants you to take like I'm not
part of this I'm not with this we just
need dinner together there now all like
she wants you to take a dish she does
not want your picture it's okay you know
what she was like laughing people care
to talk over watch of the day and
someone said are you like hugging our
goals like the youtubers oh yeah I get
that a lot and in games cuz my name is
hood knuckles people like are you that
hug no so my videos please do just like
me so now when you went to the
Philippines I've seen the vlog teasers
but y'all haven't posted any like actual
vlogs in have you know they're coming
out March say I said they were coming
out st. Patrick's Day which is March
17th Seattle time but we did alive
afterwards like like reminiscing about
the Philippines and we got like a ton of
comments you know from Urkel
you know like followers that were like
they're like what st. Patrick's Day and
I was like yeah those thing over there
but yeah March 17 is I'm sure we're
scheduling the first or I'm actually the
second episode and then there the second
vlog and then we'll probably go gay by
day from there maybe day or two boy I'll
yeah that's not like a few yeah yeah
probably every day and take like a two
day break but yeah I don't know how many
videos have looked right like - edited
so far so yeah watch out for those on
March 17 for sure I'm excited the TV ala
Jenny to follow right now yeah we're so
excited to see that well as I say if you
watched our reaction video to y'all's
reaction video we told everybody they
need to follow you immediately yeah yeah
we appreciate know I watch that we
appreciate that man we appreciate that
like from the bottom of our hearts
these computers have been acting up I I
built my computer it's just it's four
years old now and I think stuffs just
starting to go bad yesterday we exported
a one of our what was it my were you
were yeah my hero academia or doing
reactions to that on our other channel
and he x four times right well three
times it area yeah and then the fourth
time he finally was able to get it done
but I was like we're gonna have to
re-edit this entire thing is not work
okay so you were saying it's more
important so it's more important that
I'm happy in what I'm doing and this is
my dream so I'm like I don't care what
anybody else says about it like you know
this to me it's like I know what I'm
doing and that's what matters you know I
mean it's kind of what I was saying and
he was like preach yeah free sale and
that's totally deep and that resonates
with me also just because like I mean
just just my like scenario of what
happened you know we've been doing
YouTube for like year and a half or
whatever it has been a night at my job
like you know I've been working that my
job which is in the healthcare field for
like six years or something like that
and you know I you know I like it and
everything but I don't have like a
passion for it and like you know I could
just see around me that you know when
when you work at the same job for
however you know that long it could be
two years even but when you get when it
gets starts to get redundant like that's
I I don't define that as like a good
life you know and like I had an
opportunity to get like a promotion that
would like double my salary but it would
take like all my time and all that stuff
and I I waited a day and I was like you
know what I'm not gonna do it and we
this YouTube thing was kind of you know
hitting some steam and you know it just
like what you said like I I'm more for
chasing the happiness than like chasing
the dollars and like I think that's so
important for like anybody's like
well-being you know yeah when I and that
really speaks to me because you know
when we first started this channel Josh
was doing it by himself and we had made
the decision that I would work well he
like worked on the channel and like I
was like like I
like you gotta like do this on your own
until I can one day like we believed in
it so much that he was gonna be able to
like I was gonna be able to quit one day
and we're gonna be able to make
something of it and you know I was
working and I worked there for a little
over a year so not long we've only lived
here for about two years
what happened was we both worked at a
college and when we moved were like all
right this is a time we're gonna have to
find another job right now anyway right
we're kind of like in limbo we had a
little extra money saved up from before
and I was like I'm gonna make a run at
this she was a hundred percent behind us
she picked up that job and it went
nowhere and it was getting to the point
where I was like starting to check
indeed and I'm like yeah but every
single time it was like really hard cuz
I was like you know like you're growing
it's just slow and and I'd be like you
know this is your dream you can't give
up on it like it we had a lot of like
those deep conversations like that and
it was like it came to the point where
we were getting a little bit of steam as
well and I was I worked at maurices it's
like a female like retail fashion yeah
yeah and me too
but they I was like I was really trying
to become a manager like it was like I
had went in for an interview and I just
kept getting like overlooked and it was
really upsetting to me because I felt
like you know why are you overlooking me
and I basically got just got told like
I'm really good at what I'm doing kind
of thing and they don't want to have to
train someone to do what I'm doing
basically yeah and so I was like I went
we went up to his family for a month and
I took like a leave of absence kind of
thing come back and there was just so
much going on in our lives and you know
I was like I just I really want to just
like if I quit right now and like just
went with him 100% on starting this new
channel the second channel that we have
now like I really think we can do this
and so it's kind of just like a leap of
faith that I took and I was like you
know I'm not happy here I'm being like I
felt like I was undervalued I didn't
know
the last a couple months yeah and I was
like I'll give it about a couple months
you know and and if it's not like the
second channel isn't picking up patreon
what we have now over for the other
channel if it's not picking up then I'll
just search indeed again you know so I
was like it was all it's all about that
like you know they're just weird your
dream and I really like that decision
that you made honestly I respect you
dreams
I mean she did keep a job you know
that's the one thing I will say we we
talked about this you don't make a ton
of money on YouTube especially in the
beginning I mean we didn't make anything
until October and I started in July and
that was the first time we made any
money and then hundred bucks
you have to even have that to even get
it exactly so I've had a lot of people
and I want to get into this with you as
well I've had a lot of people come up to
me and you've had people hate you up on
Facebook that are like hey nobody cared
when we had 200 subs nobody careful we
had thousand so soon as we hit like ten
cases like what and then 50k everybody
said go hey we want to talk to you now
and then now over 100 constantly people
are like oh I'm gonna start a YouTube
channel oh well I'm gonna I'm gonna do
this thing I'm gonna make this money and
then they give up in like a couple weeks
and I'm like even people that are really
close to me like that I believe and then
that they have the ability to do it they
don't realize like hey this was you know
we're a year and a half in on this
channel and we're lucky there's people
that takes them like five years to try
to get up yeah and you know people will
be like oh will you just do me action
videos I'm like do you guys realize how
many days we did five videos a day seven
videos a day like we we grinded a
fanbase one person at a time like in in
video games of like hey check out my
youtube channel like I tell Sam mind one
viewer at a time because that's how you
get you know following and anybody
that's listening you hear is talking
money here is talking about chasing your
dream and stuff a dream isn't easy like
for most people some people won't get
super lucky I feel like both of us that
that really get breaks you know with
jollibee like marsley dough that was
another big one for us but you got to
make sure that you're dead
educated like don't just quit your job
what I did was kind of stupid but it was
the perfect time for me I had to move so
I couldn't keep my job so when I jumped
into it it was it's not like I quit
right there just to do YouTube to make
no money right keep that in mind people
right yeah whenever I say that I quit
because like I knew that we were okay
OBS just noticed and more fun I'm
getting triggered cuz but you quit after
we already had a following everybody
already we're making enough to pay right
I knew we weren't gonna be like screwed
over basically don't ruin your life yeah
don't worry in your life children but
keep yeah start start small on you don't
quit your job working full-time so it's
like you know it is a grind like you
know you gotta it takes like a lot of
like man-hours to like film and edit and
everything but yeah I mean he's still
gotta put food on the table and like we
get a lot of carving just a recently
like we got a comment that was like why
don't you get your vlogs out like why
are you taking so long
like you guys are whatever is wrong
shaded us because we haven't better
blogs out there like other vloggers can
get you know their vlogs out every day
and in my head I was just like I was
kind of laughing in my head cuz I'm not
gonna you know let him like like tear me
down but for one like I have a full-time
job
you know and all these other bloggers
like vlogging is their job yeah you have
two children yes we have two kids so
it's like you know it's that's what it
is you know hopefully maybe we'll get to
a point where we can uh you don't do
that I would be that'd be cool but yeah
it's it's you know like we're talking
about before like if it gets to the
point where it's stressing you out like
crazy like you're gonna want to quit and
I don't want that I don't want our
channel to turn into that kind of like
stress so I'm not you know I don't try
to get there when I feel you this is
like our full-time gig you know we have
the two channels and we don't even give
me like the
is really intense about the it's our
patreon like we you know like we'd pose
I don't know if you know anything about
our other channel but yeah we kept on it
yeah so we have like the patreon that
does like the four actions but then we
add it down and and because like we edit
down like actual episodes we have like a
strict editing guideline that we use
personally you know that way we don't
get like yeah copyright is fair use and
all that so but yeah it's it's pretty so
we out of out of UT like do y'all both
edit or is it like just wanna y'all know
how to edit or um yeah gave us all the
editing which I I know you could say I'm
I'm I'm the I'm the editing and the
brains behind it she's the face yeah her
how to edit probably about I don't know
she used to make makeup videos sure I
told her how to edit so she could do her
own makeup videos yeah and though she
like makeup videos what I remember those
makeup videos yeah I don't know I really
want to get back into making them I
remember some guitar videos or something
like that or something and gave that up
my dad gave her a guitar at a when we
were okay so I really want to get back
into it but I so I was like okay well I
can learn ukulele it's like a stringed
instrument it'll be easier for me to
learn guitar down the road and like I
had this whole mindset find it so I was
gonna switch into playing ukulele on the
videos so I you know just sitting in the
room and I've tuned the ukulele and I
started playing it and I wanted to like
I don't know if y'all know grace van der
Waal she won America's Got Talent
okay awesome we um I looked up how to
like strum basically heard her song I
don't know my name and I was just
strumming it over and over and over and
over and over
and he was like you have to stop that
like he does like us so triggered and I
was like okay I can't be because that
ukuleles mine I've had it since 2009 and
play one song but I was touching on
really well cuz like I have a musical
background it's like I know how to read
music I know like how do like tune
things and stuff like that so I don't
know I'd think he was like a little
obsessive
oh it was triggered I've owned it since
2009 kids just like madly texting on my
- yeah yeah that's awesome yeah that's
how we used to be like he would edit and
everything and he would say that I was
the face that's perfect that's exactly
like what like us like what we used to
be like oh honey I I keep the kids
entertained well he is I don't know they
could trade off right yeah let's guys
you guys are you guys are you gals are a
lot better-looking than us guys yeah I
used to not have an excuse I didn't have
kids so I would just be like so what are
you doing he eventually was like you're
gonna have to learn how to do this
because you're just sitting here staring
at me what was really maybe I should do
that no I should I said like before that
I should probably learn how just
especially on the days that like he's
working and were swamped and trying to
get things out it's like during nap time
I could probably do some but I feel like
I'd be so so slow in the beginning and
Gabe's gotten like in his rhythm that
he's you know comes out like I'm gonna
don't say it was for a long time cuz
even after you learned how to edit it
wasn't even till a couple months ago
where you learned the thumbnails and but
like I I recommend if you do like want
to learn how to
it like just do low stakes stuff because
doing my makeup videos I think really
like helped me cuz it was like those
were my videos and I get to do with them
what I wanted to do and it wasn't like
you know they just made it like the
stress off now I feel way more stress
because our videos go on our Channel and
stuff right yeah the other thing that
was cool was when I was doing that
gaming stuff on the streams she out of
her own free will I did not even ask her
it was amazing started editing highlight
clip videos for me so the only reason I
haven't have any of the like two weeks
that I ever did that she's like she cuz
I was so proud of it too because I like
slowed it down and zoom down his face
laughing and I like put like memes in it
and everything yeah it was really fun so
what uh what is your ultimate goal with
YouTube like do you want to get into
more the vlogging stuff cuz I really
enjoyed this stuff y'all post with your
kids and like the cooking stuff are you
more inclined or more want to do that or
are you do you always want to be doing
reactions or what is your where do you
see yourself and I 100,000 subs well I
feel like we've said from the beginning
of our channel that our channel is going
to be about spreading awareness about
Filipino full Filipino food culture and
music culture music and that's been kind
of our thing from the beginning and
we've definitely done a lot more a lot
more of the music but we're just trying
to kind of feed in the food there and
with our vlogs especially we're going to
be getting into the culture and just
yeah that and then I mean you know after
our vlogs or at least you know who knows
maybe I mean I I don't know if I see us
becoming daily vloggers but the food is
definitely something we have fun with
and you know it gets you know naturally
food channels get really good engagement
too but you know with with the Domo
sandwich like that channel we're always
gonna be I mean you the name we don't
really give ourselves any any kind of
flexibility with
it was sandwiches Oh obviously it's
gonna be Filipino related but you know
we met we met we've had ideas of
starting other other channels too but
adobo sandwiches is always gonna kind of
be there and we're always gonna kind of
feed it but in terms of like YouTube and
you know I like just like any other
youtuber if it turns into something
great you know we ride with it but you
know sometimes you have to adapt and you
know do other things so it's we don't
really have a set plan yeah yeah we're
just kind of having fun right now and
you know we'll see where it goes we
tried doing some of the vlogs and when
we did like I don't know a little bit
more vlogging it was it was really fun
like I really like what watching those
videos and watching those videos back
and stuff but it really depends on we
don't want to force the kids and - you
don't I mean like filming and stuff and
so when when like a day just doesn't
work it's like whoa it's just here's the
thing with vlogs like I'm sure this is
something like we can get used to but
like you know when we go out like with
family parties like a lot of our best
vlogs have been like Christmas like
holidays like a Filipino party the
typical Filipino party I don't know if
you guys have ever been to like a
Filipino party but like like Filipino
Christmas and stuff like that and I I
just feel weird of logging in public -
we tried a lot of times there's some
days where I'm like waving the camera
around don't care but then there's some
days where I'm like okay I'm gonna hide
this camera you know yeah so I don't
know if we can become a daily vlogger I
think I see us becoming like like like
seasonal seasonal is that the word like
a kid like special season like Christmas
and Thanksgiving occasional maybe over
like a vacation like we made some vlogs
where we went to Arizona and that was
really cool
so maybe it in terms of vlogging that's
where I kind of see it going but um yeah
to answer yeah the answer your question
we're just kind of thinking of variety
of everything
yeah seems like that might struggle with
vlogging is like my life isn't
entertaining like we do cool stuff very
sporadically so I'd have like a vlog
every couple weeks or something like all
of our vlogs would be it would just be
like our cats doing dumb things got it
Ronnie bag I recorded videos here some
of the best viral videos are cat you
know I know we get one who goes by yoga
10% so I kind of want to do what we did
when we did like interview stuff just
ask you a couple like rapid-fire
questions put y'all on the high okay
this could be either/or if you all agree
or whatever disagree and then you can
ask some questions as well we can but I
want to know what is the favorite video
and this can be different for each one
you know that you have reacted to you
what is like your overall not maybe not
the best performance or whatever but
just the one you had the most fun with
if they're enjoyed the most my eye I
always go back to a secret love song
from more say I just as bad as a song
that I listen to and we just we listen
to like on repeat after that yeah I like
I can't answer that question because
there's so many good ones like and it
depends on like how I'm feeling like
that's just just recently like we've
reacted to four of spades I don't know
if you guys have check them out they're
like a Filipino Beatles band and they
were you guys gotta watch it but I mean
if you're gonna pick one I'm I'm gonna
say when we react it to Japs there with
with jabs or of Jeff's best physio well
I'm gonna have to put one August
I know it's a really hard question I
could never answer it okay statistic
because sometimes like some of your
favorite videos that you've done aren't
even like ones that were popular right
do you have and that's why you're
putting y'all on the spot do you have a
least favorite video like a least videos
like as far as something that we watch
that we didn't like yeah you didn't like
it or you just weren't feeling it or you
have to have to answer because that is
kind of put you on the spot I will say
like like you know with you guys you
guys mentioned this before there's been
a handful of videos that we've reacted
to and we just weren't feeling it and
like you could tell in our reaction and
we were I was just like I'm not gonna
put this up there like one I didn't
really like the song and I don't know it
just didn't have good vibes and we
didn't put it on our channel there's
been a handful of videos like that I'm
not gonna say the names of the artists
or the no shame right here shame I think
of like ones in particular just because
we've seen so many things that we have
really loved and really really liked but
um but yeah I mean I also feel like
artists have off days and off
performances and I don't know yeah yeah
have you ever been like and this is
another thing too with reaction channels
like have you have you ever had a video
video spoiled for you before you can
react to and then you couldn't do
reaction week I don't even remember what
video it was or what what thing was but
we recorded ourselves reacting to
something and then something happen with
our computer or something and and so we
had to like we react to it and we were
like no we can't like we can do it was
amazing and we already thought like I
don't know there's probably super viral
one to I don't know that's like my worst
fear on like a Jollibee commercial is a
newly released one or so thing is that
our computers on a freeze or something
we're like if it's like kz stuff that's
coming out now cuz ya'll know Broyles is
her next one right like that's the next
one that she's doing for in China yeah
yeah no way
you know that's gonna be huge that's
like full circle for us that's ever
video we reacted you I I'm gonna I'm
gonna make sure we that no one doesn't
get spoiled well and it's hard you know
because people are like oh react to this
react to this ooh obviously you know
like oh it's probably a good performance
like so that's always - spoiling itself
but like especially with our new channel
because we do like anime stuff or
whatever the the frickin comments are a
minefield like you're trying to spoil
the show yeah like that's a thing we
have moderators that go through and they
delete this for the one show and it was
it was bad it was so man it happened in
a livestream and he just led mob he
lagged he like just shut the livestream
off he was so like parking stuff do you
all have any pets I have like the more
generic questions we have a koala we got
so excited I was like you have a koala
we opened the p.o box in one of our
first packages right from Australia said
oh their Channel and is equal but yeah
just two kids they're they're animals so
I've seen any pets of the videos because
that's like we used to but we used to
have a dog and he was in some of our
early like blah yeah some of her your
pregnancies belly progresses yeah and
you can with him like some of those
those but we gave them to my uncle my
uncle has and now just Gabe is actually
allergic to yeah cats and we have two
cats I just take allergy meds everyone
not a sponsor
Joseph free allergy pills
[Music]
well that was like whenever we first
started dating he said that and I'm like
that's a deal-breaker I'm sorry yeah I
had cats as a kid and they you see
really bad way to get rid of him when I
developed it and when I moved down here
with her parents like she said they had
two cats and I was really worried it's
nowhere near as bad as it was when I was
a kid I used to like sneeze and couldn't
breathe and like it was bad but I get
like a little bit of like watery I get
stuffed up if I don't take my meds but
it's no bad boy he's like burying his
face in to them like loving but then
become kind of a meme for the channel
like people are all about the cats like
it'll sit up on my chairs television our
cat's in the middle or the top of our
little TV that we have and sometimes
like in our in the animes like
especially like a characters body of
okay next question alphabet what is your
favorite animal both of you I should
know that my favorite animal like pet
animal I love your keys and like small
dogs but my favorite like and I like
zebra zebras are awesome zebras are
pretty awesome mm-hmm yes when we got
married like she had like a picture like
two times bigger than this chalkboard
like hanging up on her wall my whole
place was pink hot pink and zebra it was
awesome you guys are like soul mates
like for real hot pink and zebra really
soon purple purple and like literally
everything was purple
my rug my bedspread boxes that were
zebra so much that I took I took money I
did
card to the paint shop and I was like I
had like a Honda Accord so it wasn't
anything like fancy but I was like how
much would this cost to get a hot pink
and then there were like $3,000 well
thank you for your time sir useful
debating it and I was like absolutely
not I was like no picture this that's a
deal-breaker
zebra like interior come on see I had I
have a like a hot turquoise blue kind of
color car now and zebra so what's going
down when you go to their games they
have like my favorite the penguin I
asked you but I like cats cats is my
favorite animal but I have actually
learned today
the dogs are I think better because
whenever you're sad they know and they
love on you
so I would ask this too just because we
don't often get the chance to talk to
other reactors and stuff and if this is
running long let us know if y'all gotta
go or whatever so have you ever
forgotten if you've reacted to something
oh especially when we get requests on
like older videos not like newer ones
yeah um but I I almost feel like there
was one time we reacted to a video we
already reacted to yours and it was like
two minutes in and we were like this
sounds really familiar and then you know
I after we were done like we looked at
our history we typed in YouTube like a
double sandwich in that title that video
and it was already up and we're just
like oh and I know what video was it was
a it was Chris Florence Versace on the
floor we did one and actually posted the
second one do you remember what it was
yes more sense more so Tom Mix because
the first one was really crappy quality
that was like taken at the event and the
other one was like the official one that
mix released that was like I think I
even said in the second one I was like
this I think this is the exact same day
she did that one other song because they
like the same outfit shoes her hair the
same way but it was the six a video
video different reaction yeah yeah cuz
we didn't we I think in the video we've
been saying like this looks familiar
like I don't know if this is a hair
whatever yeah the other thing too so
when y'all post like we used to post a
lot of videos like at the same time we'd
record like three five videos and post
them have you all of your like mixed up
your videos like your titles or anything
like that
look yeah thumbnails or something well I
did a straight thumbnail and a title for
two different videos I'd like mix them
up because it was a song artist just
likes your like split testing to see
what would get better engage
oh I like straight messed up like oh
titled one the wrong
oh okay so was your question have you
all ever had anything like that we're
like wrong thumbnail what are wrong yeah
oh yeah I feel like that's a life of a
reactor editor yeah I feel like yeah
yeah we I totally there was probably
like a Morissette video and you know we
put out different artists and everything
like that and yeah I totally mixed up
thumbnails and then you I think I found
out like 10 minutes later and you just
feel like a tool because you're like oh
my gosh this is so and then you know you
take it off and you switch it really
quick but yeah I think that's I've done
this one time that I know of have you
ever misspelled the name of an artist
that you reacted usually smoothly just
copy-paste the title and then add
reaction to it so I've misspelled I've
misspelled like things in like the
thumbnail like sometimes we say like
awesome or something like that I've just
felt like words like that but uh not I
don't think in a thumbnail and
misspelled an artist name than people
with ham on me in the comment section
yeah it was a some dude from Gillman is
Billy Gillman I put two it was like my
childhood really dislikes on that video
we didn't get that made dislikes it was
long mean comments yeah which we've
thought about making videos speaking of
dislikes actually that first ARB that
really went baked was our most disliked
video the first video week but I was is
probably up there too as their most
dislike yeah I think it was like a
thousand thumbs down well it was Hillary
Clinton versus Trudeau it was like ER be
about them and so I think it was not
political the whole thing was very
intense for him yeah I was like I don't
know what's happening no what do you
hear that
so it's a glitch speaking of comments I
think this would be a good note to end
on because this affects not only us as
YouTube creators but it also affects the
people who are watching or listening
his comments how have you noticed like a
trend in and hateful comments do you
guys get a lot of negative comments at
any point did you get a lot of negative
comments like how how is that adventure
been for you on YouTube in terms of the
negative comments yeah well now I feel
like in the beginning and this is like a
key part of us starting out and
continuing as youtubers reactors
everything we got a lot of positive
comments in the beginning and while we
were um what like under 10,000 and under
subscribers I feel like we got like
pretty much all right
being like pretty much all positive
comments and that I feel like when
before we started that's something I was
really worried about I was really like I
don't want to put myself out there like
people are people are mean like people
are gonna say mean things and I don't
know if I can handle that like and gay
was very much like let's just do it
doesn't matter other people say doesn't
matter if people you know it doesn't
matter and I just we were overwhelmed by
positivity and I feel like that's what
carried us out and so we could do it I
feel like yeah I feel like a big part of
that is like you know a large portion of
our audience are you know from the
Philippines and Filipino and like I was
telling this on we're you know we were
being interviewed on the wish bus and
you know he was asking about our channel
and everything and I was like if there
if you could collect like data about
like like
audiences around the globe I feel like
like the Filipino audience is one of the
most like engaging positive like
audiences like in the world oh yeah I
feel because I have friends where
youtubers and they're like based out of
America and stuff and like I watch their
videos and they just get so much hate
like Americans or be like like I mean
you know the video could be about just
some random thing and there will be like
trolls just like attacking like and like
anything and everything about like you
know the person but I feel like with
with catering to the Filipino audience
like we don't get that you know I feel
like I mean definitely the bigger the
bigger you get I feel like with anybody
you're going to get you're gonna get
some hate you're gonna get some mean
comments you're gonna you know we just
try and it's a very very small
percentage we get that are negative
comments and I feel like if it's
something that we read that like really
hurts our feelings there's no like that
I don't know I delete it because I'm
like I'm not gonna wrote it I don't want
to read it again I don't wanna see it
again you know I think our experience
was kind of flipside because honestly we
got mostly negative comments in the
beginning when we were real small and
when we did actually start reacting to
Filipino videos like I will say that is
the most accepting like audience I've
ever heard I definitely yeah like it
immediately changed my mind about
reading comments but I feel like there
was a tipping point when we hit about
like 10k subs to where as we got bigger
the the hateful comments like pretty
much go away now it's like such a small
percentage of what we get now the Bowie
has been positive and the reason I say I
think we have that same thing is our new
channel just at 10,000 subscribers like
this weekend and it's been around this
point we had a lot of negative comments
and now it's tipped over to were like
the predominate comments we're all
positive and what I will say is what you
know they are starting to like get a
footing and your audience or whatever is
we wouldn't even have to go delete the
mean comments anymore because before I
even get a chance to read it there's
like a chain of people are trolling the
crab for sure I get that too in that and
that's and that super cool ones like
those people like um your defense and
everything like that
I mean it's I mean it you know makes you
feel good yeah I used to take it as like
a challenge to turn those people into
viewers so I would go and comment back
everything like a like either a really
good sarcastic or mark back or one dear
and I'll still talk about okay I'm not
shaved my game he's like why don't you
react to a treadmill the next day I did
a video reacting to treadmill fails and
posted his comment in there's like hey
dude what's your favorite color
my car's always been green green because
my birthday is on March 18th and I
whenever I had my birthday parties like
it was right after see that's the
psychology I think that's behind why it
gives like this relationship is about to
get rocky if you lied to me about it
being green well I I've always like said
my favorite color is green but I I like
I love you can tell but my favorite
color is purple purple blueish your hair
Super Bowl oh yeah the whole thing it's
a little oily sorry about that but yeah
Joel ever see this shirt that we made
this is our last March I've seen it how
do you guys was it jump off the shelves
or what um I mean it's you had to buy so
many like the people in advice money to
get it to ship out and it shipped out
so I mean dude I thought you guys
designed it we had a flea in that design
this she sent it to us and we're like
ooh
she also drew a picture of me
be like running away we love seem like a
love scene and I'm standing over there
just holding popcorn like it was a step
up me more something eyes like me and
Jollibee dancing it was like a dance
and then there was when we were going to
filming she drew us both hugging
Jollibee she also designed a shirt that
we didn't launch we were gonna launch it
but we didn't have time to raise the
money to go to the Philippines was more
hugs to the Philippines and she make the
shape we might we might watch it when we
go back cuz we definitely want to go
back and spend like more time and like
actually like get into like the actual
like culture and stuff and go around and
try more of the food and all that yes
yes food one question for you guys let
me let me get what you're thinking of a
nest man what is the hug Nichols the
double sandwich rendezvous gonna happen
I don't know why I don't know are you
guys gonna come to Seattle best friends
from Seattle so I'm like wonder no she
she sent me a letter KML so happy but
anyway she's mentioned me coming up
there and like visiting her like family
and stuff so I'm like maybe like
whenever she goes up there then we can
go up there and like we've been talking
about a lot we've been talking about a
lot to go up there meet you because we
wanted to go to like Portland and of
course we wanted to do like an entire
cuz we did an entire Southwest us my
road trip and we want to do one for the
Northwest and I will say we are like um
you know wish is launching their their
la like radio station yeah I don't know
if you guys knew about that but I think
that launch is gonna go on and in May we
met it's like iffy but we may go down
there in May just just drop just
dropping that yeah that's all yeah maybe
that would be legit like that could be
our on we don't gonna work something out
we love working with y'all here this was
a lot of fun for us we love your channel
we love you guys you know and it's it's
hard to find legitimately cool people
that are also friendly off-camera
and you only that for us so we're very
excited we met y'all over it
overreacting it's gonna be fire guys
what what is your give a give a shout
out real quick for all your social media
stuff and whatever anything else you
want to say at the end here this is your
time to shine
well our weather there everything is
like just to go with sandwich our
Instagram we have Instagram ago with
sandwich Twitter is the dough was in
adobo underscore sandwich okay miss
Twitter yeah yeah what do you all most
active on what would you want people to
follow a oh oh oh we gave this Twitter I
do Instagram and then we split kind of
we split Facebook but I think Instagram
would be cool or you you know even
Facebook if the thing is with the
Instagram and Facebook like we get a lot
of comments and YouTube saying oh we're
going to see more pictures of your kids
if you and if you guys want to see that
Instagram Facebook I can post a ton of
pictures of our family and local or
daily lives in our Instagram yeah make
sure you go subscribe to channel adobo
sandwich on youtube if you haven't
already what do you do and this has been
like hours and you're just sitting there
listening you could have subscribed by
now Wow but hopefully all enjoyed the
overreacting podcast episode 3 next week
we'll have a guest don't know maybe we
won't
hey maybe to be us again we'll see you
next week thanks for listening or
watching we love yes
[Music]
