[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
what's up everybody it's your friendly
neighbor dog knuckles back in again with
another live stream as always by my side
ha see what's him and today hula back we
are back from the Philippines it's been
a long time baby we're back you can name
it all follow me so anyway um it's been
quite a while it's been over a week I
think since we've had something up on
the channel shout-out to absolutely
everybody who's been following this on
Twitter on instance nap chat on Facebook
on Dasher on dancer on got it
oh but anyway shout out to everybody
that's been following us on social media
with our trip then super supportive
about all the craziness that's been
going on there have been some very very
interesting things that have happened on
our trip we flew into the future and
then we came back to the past and we've
come with many many stories of karaoke
of karaoke fun times of Sam almost
getting attacked by an animal to zoo too
much information but there's just so
much stuff that happened it's crazy it
is so I think that it is taken we're
gonna live where we're living in effect
can you we are going good we got over
200 people up in the livestream shout
out to everybody who's here watching
right now
boom we're gonna have lots of vlogs
coming up really soon can you come back
to the future we have a ton of footage
that we're gonna have to go through over
the next couple days
probably next couple weeks I don't know
how it's me broken up we will have our
very first vlog posted tomorrow night
which is American time so Saturday
morning Philippines Sunday morning yeah
so if you're in the Philippines Saturday
morning if you're in the u.s. Friday
night that's what we're gonna be doing
for that so excited to be getting back
into doing videos it feels weird not
having done videos for so long yeah it
does it really did makes me a little sad
cuz a lot of you are like I love you too
there will be some soon I swear
exactly I love you guys so much will
hugs be wearing Speedos
all right we're gonna get into this
right now y'all because I know a lot of
y'all been asking the deal was we needed
to get 100,000 views by the time that we
left for the Philippines now I'm not the
one to say uh y'all just barely miss it
cuz ya'll got close okay you all got so
close y'all hit a 100k when we came back
to the States on the way home we're on
the way home we know okay so maybe right
now it's in the air what I'm gonna do
with it what I would like to do with it
because I already know where we got some
things in the works some trips that are
gonna be coming up that y'all don't even
know about there'll be announcements
coming up with the vlogs as they go
ahead there's some other people that
we're working on talking to you and you
know maybe we can make something work
maybe we can make some work I don't know
if I'm gonna do the full-on speedo video
I don't know but maybe we'll make
something work cuz y'all did get 100k a
little later literally a day later
dollar short as people say five days
Weiland what I'm Josh dev we wish you
were freaking dari where we actually
karaoke on that Jeep yeah great I was
just talking to Rachel Ashley about you
well that I want to go back to the
Philippines that I want to be with you
I've been anyway shower - Josh - out -
Rachel Ashley - I don't hear too much
about her stream she's legit I am so
excited about everything I'm so excited
for all the footage that we have from
the blogs that will be up on the channel
I'm so excited to be back in the states
and all the videos over to have going on
here we've gotten so much love so much
support not only from our Filipino fans
who were there who met us we met
hundreds of y'all it was crazy but I
mean shout out to like SM Super Bowls
jollibee shout out to green it's pizza
shadow - red ribbon shadow shadow -
Marco Polo ortigas there are so many
companies organizations that were
hooking us up helping us out we were all
over social media pages people were
putting us on Facebook live shout-out to
I don't know shout out shout out to all
the fans that were there were uploading
fan videos yeah of like sightings of us
and sneak peeks because that was super
that are on the internet now of us doing
things it's pretty cool it's pretty
legit
we have almost 300 people up in here
what's going on where y'all from let me
know in the chat where y'all are from no
no right now rip - your immune systems
yes how was your trip to the Philippines
fabulous absolutely fabulous um how was
your trip to the Philippines our trip
was unbelievable unexplainable the sky
you know anyway oh it was awesome my mom
loves you - now we've longer yeah damn
like she's so adorable as soon as we saw
James come up in the building I was like
oh my gosh
we saw so basically like they had us on
over 300 I think y'all so much we had
over 300 people I've ministry so they
had us like in on one side of this glass
window and like on the other side like
you can see through like the line of
people coming to see us and we soul [ __ ]
Jen and we were like okay like and then
after like we like cuz like red ribbon
had this little thing set up where we
like to like a slow-mo dance or whatever
I'm from your mama
shout out to my sister I don't know how
to show it just wave is basically my
brother what's going down
Oh BGC also BGC is like the best I
frickin love BGC super Oh
Philippines yeah yeah we're also in the
stream we're gonna be changing up the
background a little bit here we're gonna
be putting up some of the stuff that we
got in the Philippines as we had an
interesting fun time and you'll get to
see some footage of us actually picking
this stuff up in super malls and the
mega mall yeah which is pretty cool
but anyway oh speaking of BGC really
cool super modern people asked us what I
thought it'd be G see ya on Twitter and
I was like it was it was like the nicer
part of like it downtown betcha like it
was really cool everything was like
super modern and all the storefronts
were like really hit been happening I
felt like that was like the the like
Center you know in BG ct2 was where we
went to the Google office but we did go
to Google Philippines headquarters were
just awesome up on top of the sky and
the astroturf we don't want to give away
too much information there I'll say I'm
trying to throw it all out I'm just
excited we did get it to guy or whatever
- yeah - gotta because we saw the
volcano the volcano tall oh I'm mad a
pretty I know you say the A's twice
tah-tah but that was really really cool
it was it was a lot of fun we went to a
zoo
are you able to get that jolly beetle
when you got here hold up hold up we'll
talk about that in a second birthday
party was off the chain the thousand
jollibee location off the chain
super cool I'm trying to think of what
else did we did so many things she's
gonna be getting cheesy getting a little
greasy that's that's all we do um the
craziest thing about the entire trip and
what the first vlog is mostly gonna be
about is flights because where we're
from we had to we had to fly to Austin
so we're from San Marcos Texas which is
like in-between San Antonio and Austin
okay it's a college town and we had to
go to Austin and then we took a flight
from Austin to Atlanta then that was
only like two hours from Atlanta to
Narita Tokyo Japan and that was like I
think flying there was longer it was
like 13 and a half hours 14 hours flying
there and there was only like 12 and a
half flying back yeah which was weird I
don't know why I think it has to do a
wind like it spins this way so we were
flying against the spin you what I'm
saying all I know is it took less time
coming back home than when we left even
though it was the same wrap was it scary
on the plane okay so hold on hold on
okay there was two or three times we hit
intense turbulence so like 97% of the
time out of the 20 plus hours we flew
each way so in total we were in the sky
about 40 40 plus hours okay I would say
97% of the 40 plus hours was fine yeah
no problem whatsoever but then there was
times where there was like little
lockdown knocking at there was pockets
we're like they warned us like 20
minutes I had a time to like just let
you know like this is gonna get really
bad like hey that freaked us out more
than anything is there like just
don't worry about the flight attendant
that made me super angry we can get into
that wait a minute okay there's just so
many stories guys that's a cool thing
there are so many stories because
there's so much stuff we got 358 people
up in the livestream this is crazy for
us we're so excited we did not try below
low and we talked about it we did try a
couple of wide tried like four different
versions of adobo including a regional
one that I forget what it was called but
in the vlog I recorded the name of this
it was a regional one like a lot of bone
in it yeah it was from where were we it
was to die right it was another version
of beef adobo
but beef adobo is beef adobo I'm gonna
let y'all watch the blog for that but
anyway it was really cool I tried four
different versions of it I also tried
some pot I tried okay so this is the
thing somebody made the mistake telling
me what's in there and so no I did not
try it but had they not told me maybe
but I think this time we tried a lot of
new things a lot of new things
blechh on manag we tried was it quick
quick which I love quite quick by the
way amazing its mercy anyway you'll see
it but like there was like things like
balut I know a lot of you are wondering
if we tried balloon look there's hot
mommy in the house my mom was in the
house what we're gonna do we have almost
400 people up in the live stream right
now what's crazy is we we want a shot
balut but we want to make it like a fun
thing we want to make it like a channel
challenge we want it to be like when we
hit either like a major milestone or
there's just something that we can do
you know maybe like a community drive or
something if we hit a goal or whatever
then we could potentially do yeah cuz
like balut I don't know I don't know but
CICIG or whatever this is I say
insisting definitely like I'd be down to
try it
and think what else I tried I tried a
lot of stuff Oh your birthday noodles
I had birthday noodles that's right to
elongate my life there's a lot of stuff
we tried Marie's a lot of stuff
honestly so the crazy thing is people
ask us all these questions people ask us
all these questions about you know what
we tried what we've done all this stuff
and I'm like honestly it's hard to
remember like it was only like five days
essentially taking half days hanging
there roughly that we spent in the
Philippines or to and from and we did so
much stuff so fast so packed in that I'm
like it's gonna take a while for
everything to even sink into me after
the fact like going through the vlog
footage I think I was is gonna remind me
more of all of it it was like a
whirlwind it was insane
I cannot explain to you how many amazing
experiences we have there's chicken
sitting okay I'd be down for that Nux
cheated has two birthdays this year
which was hilarious cuz like I had this
was my best birthday I've ever had in my
whole life like then we did so much fun
stuff I'm that over a hundred of our
fans on my birthday which was crazy to
me my heart was so full like I told him
it didn't even feel like my birthday I
just felt like a crazy amazing party for
the both of us like whenever we landed
it over 400 people watching the live
stream what's going down just want to
let you know that's awesome that is
awesome thank you for watching but
whenever we landed in Tokyo that's when
we first saw like yeah and it came up to
us and was like hey I watch your channel
and I was like wow we did not get a
mullet Asia but we did go to mega mall
we are Malaysia we have video and stuff
we wanted to go in there but you know
just next time I think y'all are gonna
find some really cool stuff because like
I said we went to Google headquarters we
went to JFC headquarters for jelly bean
we went to we did a lot of crazy things
we also yeah we met Jake aunt Angie
Jason D just rolled up you know yeah and
so that was some night after my birth
they're really nice people if you have
never met them also shout out to Jason
Dee's mom super cool I think her name
emo Ludi if I just ruined her name
pronunciation if you know it let me know
in the chat but I love Jason's mom she's
amazing
what do you mean did not toilets is what
a green fire wants to know oh it was
there was clothes everywhere there was
not even one place I was like I was kind
of like low-key joking like I was sad I
didn't have to use a tab oh but like low
key there was a toilet in toilet paper
everywhere everywhere no there wasn't
when we were in Tokyo Airport and there
was the what are they called the things
that like it's for you but oh the bidet
yeah the Buddha the Buddha I didn't know
how to turn it off yeah he texts me and
he's like this thing is licking my
father put the toilet just licked my
Baba go like I pressed the button I
thought I couldn't figure out how to
turn it off when I press something else
that had just Blue Boar stuff up there I
didn't know it was happening
I was very scared I felt like there were
tears
it was crazy though shots my dad my dad
said welcome home son thank you it's
good to be back but it's also really sad
to be gone because we absolutely loved
it can't wait to go back we have so much
more stuff planned
I can't wait for y'all to learn all
about it mom
they are blessed because no rain those
days okay the day we did get rain a
little bit
we got poured on whoa I got born I don't
see that in the video Sam is not very
good at sharing an umbrella she tried
but I she it just goes at a point
like similar Sam has Sam doesn't pay
attention to anything Sam is really bad
at paying attention or being active or
present in any situation
like she's always on their phone or
messing around something so it's like
listen this is Sam with a with an
umbrella Sam only is worried about
herself
at the given times where she's focused
on other things so here's the umbrella
it's just an umbrella I'd like just hit
me with the umbrella and I'll be like
what do you do she's like oh I'm trying
to fix it BAM just her with the umbrella
the face the one of our friends are we
with he had an umbrella and they were
trying to do it
so me and our other friend just went off
and were like oh well we'll take it
we'll deal with the rain but my head is
kind of dirty still I don't wash it
because no typhoon no flooding yes we
did get really lucky chuckling me Oh
didn't win I want to try that we talked
about that I would totally be down to
try that that's the pork blood which I'm
totally okay with that mm-hmm I'm okay
with that
wish bus okay so we had a few different
times set up to go to the wish bus but
they just weren't gonna work out with
the itinerary it was gonna be too far
away
y'all know well mostly off you're from
the Philippines you know how traffic can
get and stuff like that yeah it wasn't
gonna work out my thing was for how much
wish means to us and how important it is
for our first time going to the wish bus
especially for what I think it's gonna
mean to a lot of y'all a lot of y'all
who've been watching our old reactions
although when we first started we were
only doing wish bus content they all
know we were part of the the wish Awards
last year and like it's just so
important to me that our first trip to
the wish bus be all about the bus be all
about the experience of meeting you know
the DJ's or seeing you know the talent
or the fans of like was being a part of
the experience instead of like hey we
can go see the bus or we can jump on for
five minutes you know they talked about
interviewing us and doing that and we
had some stuff in the works but it just
wasn't gonna be
it wasn't gonna be what we wanted what
we felt was gonna be good for the
channel or what y'all deserve to see and
I didn't want to give you all 40% of
what I want to be a hundred yeah so I
would rather wait till the next time we
go back right do it the right way have
everything set of a wish beforehand
because they've been more than cool with
reaching out to us and they tweeted us
after and they were like we're so sad
like we tried we'll just say that it's
just gonna make it that much more
special
yeah when we go back this we fit a lot
of food into this really short trip and
you'll see that in the vlogs
you'll you'll definitely see that and
the main thing that we wanted to
accomplish this trip was to meet a lot
of you guys and I feel like we did get
to meet a lot of you yeah whether it be
the birthday party or the red ribbon
meet-and-greet or even just in the mall
just hanging out you know when Dina's
gonna come back keep a look on the
channel keep an eye on the channel there
will be a video announcement announcing
some pretty huge news huge I can't
really talk about it yet because
everything isn't finalized we're still
gonna have some conversations and stuff
y'all know how it is it's not just as
easy as 1 2 3 this is what's up we got
to figure out what's going down but I'm
pretty sure that information we come in
and really really soon and it'll be a
huge announcement for the channel a huge
for our future huge for your future if
you're a fan of the channel and you're
part of the family because it's a big
deal for us so don't you see the poverty
in Manila yes
yeah the crazy thing is like it's so
weird like going to Manila everybody's
like oh you're gonna experience culture
shock experience culture shock and I'm
like maybe more in the province because
Manila Fellowship algo it really did
there was like graffiti on walls and
some areas trash and it did the traffic
well you jump straight to graffiti and
trash there was huge skyscrapers and
beautiful buildings those of it looked
like downtown the city and then
also were lies exactly like you're just
like yeah but what I'm saying is like it
was like just any other big city it
wasn't just like yeah it wasn't it
wasn't just like rampant poverty it
wasn't just like you know everything was
torn down or whatever like it was a big
beautiful city that also had that side
of it you know what I mean that's
something like you can definitely I just
feel like some people have a stereotype
about the Philippines are about Manila
or whatever that it's like the super
impoverished area that every part of the
Philippines is third-world and Suffolk
that means like there are some parts of
vanillas that are like frickin amazing
like yeah better than I mean I've been
to desert have y'all been to Detroit
have y'all seen the true q mama talk
about like a beat-up city there's
different because there was you know the
traffic people did like so close to each
other and I'm like we're gonna get hit
we're gonna get hit at least at least of
Chicago people stay in their Lane you
know and like I'll be like I was
freaking out whenever like our van
driver was driving literally down the
center of the stripe and I'm just like
hey Yolo Yolo and you know the front of
the bands are like flat and so I was
like that's because people get literally
ride on each other's bumpers well the
other thing too as far as that goes yeah
I mean the traffic was a little bit more
crazy as far as the amount of traffic
not any different here yeah was the
amount of traffic here's the way I like
Chicago he has a way I explained it
traffic in Manila when it's really busy
is like the city when there's events
okay where it only gets busy for like
six hours okay you know right before
right after the event yeah but it's like
that all the time but as far as like it
being crazy more than than in a bigger
city
I don't know Dallas traffic is about as
bad oh that's terrible but I agree with
you about the scooter thing because
there's just scooters all over and they
do not give it they do not give a damn
about just pulling in from everybody
like a u-turn right no and like he was
like going to do it and this this
scooter just like me me won't he roll
down here roll down the window and told
them to he's like hey I'm gonna pull a
u-turn and the dude still don't care but
they still win by I'm saying those to
the dudes oh that's Dubai and then the
driver that was the first time I saw him
get angry because he was like and I'm
just like this guy's about to go off on
somebody you know he was really cool he
was super calm though he was especially
because we're in the backseat oh yeah
freaking out I was like oh my god we
kept almost getting hit we almost we
literally almost laid out some people
Sam Sam gets super dramatic though we're
driving in that traffic because she
likes us freaking out I really bad road
rage and so like you know I would say it
was I would say it was organized chaos
because yeah there was stuff going on
all over the place yeah there were there
were scooters coming in and out but it
felt very like a symphony it felt like
people are used to this it's the flow of
traffic like it wasn't like oh my god
people are crazy was just like oh that's
but it instantly made me realize like if
I had to drive in that I couldn't do it
see Anu talk about that but I don't
agree with that I think maybe you would
struggle in the beginning but I feel
like that's just you get used to it it's
the same thing as like people would say
oh you can't drive on 35 or you couldn't
drive in the city it's like well maybe
at first you'd be awkward with it but
then you get used to even like our
friends that we were with told us like
the first time I drove on it oh so yeah
well you know what ed site is now yeah
yeah first time like the first time he
drove on the ED say he and so whatever
the enca he said that it was like super
scary yeah John yeah anyway let's see
there's just roughly tech money but
they're not stupid yeah the view there's
a lot of deliveries which is kind of
weird because like I'm used to seeing
the little cars like the pizza on it
but it would be like a scooter with like
a box on the back that says like pizza
delivery yeah Jody delivery was like it
was all like moped delivery services
which is really cool
how was your birthday celebration in
jelly bean it was really really really
really cool I was more than just a
birthday celebration the meet and greet
was the coolest part of it we got to
meet so many of our fans alike we
honestly never knew if we'd have the
opportunity to meet because we live so
far I don't even know how many thousands
of miles away from the Philippines
[Music]
[Applause]
whooping chuckling I don't know I ain't
got ruler that big I don't think that
you've kept books they'd that Alberto
hunt stand out before he figured okay
but super celebrities Tenergy events we
only we only hung out with Jason and a
and J are a lot of our other friends
weren't there
Mikey Bustos is in Toronto but we've
talked about potentially either if he
comes to the States or if we go to the
Philippines again or something like that
meeting up with him we definitely meet
up with him
KZ was out of town she flew out the day
we came in and she flew back the day we
left Jason D did did text out during a
sponsor and junior and stuff but they
were busy
and also that Jason D took a video
greeting for ya for KZ and stuff and
then we met people from 5th gen yeah it
was cool I mean the the biggest thing
about this trip again was about meeting
our fans so we didn't really set up any
type of real meet and greets with any
other celebrities or anything like that
really didn't try that hard to do any of
that type of stuff because we wanted to
meet y'all
that's what we wanted to do we we knew
this was a potentially
once-in-a-lifetime situation to be able
to meet a lot of people that we never
knew if we'd be able to possibly meet so
we wanted to hug and talk to you and
just be around as many of you as we
possibly could and that's why if y'all
did meet us if you're one of the people
that got a chance to come out
chances are we probably hung out with
you for a little bit and when people
came up to us on the mall and stuff like
that I tried to talk to you know whoever
we could and not just kind of like do a
drive-by but it was a fun time when we
go back I'll definitely hit up more
people 8,000 228 miles is that really
all you know I said about about 10,000
so I overshot a little bit more than
that because well any farther than that
then you just be coming back around the
other side of the world word Gigi Odom
sayin how many miles like or like those
like the circumference of the world
circumference of the world in 20 so it's
only 12,000 miles either way I don't
know I don't know Edson's can see the
longest parking space in Philippines see
I I completely disagree with that idea
because as full as it was all the time
and I'm not gonna like say ed so was a
completely full every single time hi
Adrian but it slowly always moved we
were never really stuck in traffic even
if we were moving 2 miles an hour yeah I
felt like we were always just slowly
creeping like that was weird
whereas like if you get stuck in rush
hour like downtown Chicago in the
gridlock you could be sitting dead still
walk down for two hours you should have
watched a sublet so they were not
pre-recorded it was pre-recorded Jason
actually said if we came days up we
would be uncool down that we would we
would be featured on these ups yeah next
time next time there's a lot of stuff
for next time
make sure you all are watching the
channel for that announcement cuz it's
gonna be huge I can't wait to hear some
things back and be able to share with
y'all what's going down because we did
not we didn't know a bit how could you
it well we couldn't forget we have
connections at abs-cbn we have
connections at GMA we have connections
Jollibee we are connections at super
malaviya connections at wish we had
connections everywhere people know when
we're coming people know what's going
now people know we want to be a part of
everything and anything because we're
just trying to like get as much culture
and experience and history because we
want to engineer us and everything in in
the little bits of time that we're
probably gonna be able to have there so
it's more like if there's a scheduled 15
minutes we could do something that's on
the list we're making it happen but just
wish couldn't fit this time
in Sunday's AUSA couldn't fit this time
because you know they had pre-recorded
there was some people that just were out
of town or were people that were out of
the country you know stuff like that and
shout out to Jason though Jason had just
done a concert literally got off the
stage and came to dinner with ya and
then Jake ant came out as well straight
out of rehearsals came straight to
dinner with us so I was really cool
stand longer next time absolutely we
will it was crazy
knuckles Mary hots him we are married
we've been married did you John
intact I don't know we drove on a couple
of different things because there was
another was like mm si or something I
don't know what the other ones were
called next time try the beach we want
to go to palawan we gotta want to go to
say boo yeah but I was too afraid
yeah well it's out really a zip line
it's like that little it's a good change
it's like a chair but they had a
ziplining in a chair it straight up like
our friend John I was like whenever we
come back we're gonna go to Boracay and
we're all gonna zipline right and he's
like yes and I was like you're gonna zip
line with me he's like yes so we'll see
for that - what did you learn about
house a result a lot including his
language friends and then he went to
what college again to you I know what
college he went to UT and I can't
remember it offhand but I know he like
went out of the country to go to college
and he was killed for me and then oh
yeah essentially it was dangerous
learning Spanish and writing things
jollibee in manila versus job' in the
philippines versus Javy in the US what
do we think I think that is probably an
excellent vlog video they all are good
to be seen leaders to make sure you're
checking that out because that's what's
going down
400-plus knuckleheads up in here and
only to and it like smash out like but
like button if you're up here in the
video sunshine like but what was the
worst experience you guys in the
Philippines same almost got eaten by an
animal very very large that's a joke but
I did I mean there was arraigned
but that only sucks for me cuz you a
umbrella yeah I liked the rain and we
even talked about how it was like
everybody talked to her husband a
regular we have to experience that and
like it was just in May because our
friends felt bad that I was like yeah
cuz realistically I was like everybody
said it was gonna rain the whole time we
had a meet and we were super blessed
with with traffic we were blessed with
the weather like everything the flights
everything went super well so it was
kind of nice to have that a little bit
of rain just six have that experience to
say we experienced rainy season as well
just a little taste of it also everybody
was like aren't you super hot and I'm
like no in Texas where I just came from
it was on my second 4 degrees it's only
80 something degrees so I'm fine we felt
the earthquake actually we were we were
outside of this place called 22 prime or
something yeah I never I never have
experienced an earthquake and like I was
literally standing there and I'm like
did you feel that and and she will
definitely check that out Michael for
sure the the Filipino creature videos I
want to see that he was like what it's
probably oh just all the traffic riding
by making the ground shake I was like no
what happened to you guys here in the
Philippines never heard from you guys
when you were here well we updated our
Twitter's instagrams and snapchats
almost like every hour pretty much on
the hour so if y'all weren't following
our social media accounts
everybody was constantly yeah we had all
of all of our stuff going on all the
time thousands of people like you have
to understand to like we're trying to
enjoy ourselves
so like constantly like updating one
we're blogging tips
yeah and we're vlogging so it's like we
hands full with the camera and
everything so like you know you just
have to kind of understand that too we
weren't able there's no way up there's
no understanding we updated all the time
not on YouTube oh yeah we said that that
we made a video that said we were gonna
be updating on social media yeah right
and we did exactly did you meet Mikey
Bustos no he was in Toronto but he did
reach out he he responded you a couple
different tweets and stuff like that so
we'll definitely be will definitely be
set up in the future is an earthquake
this week yeah it was if you open gifts
I opened gifts as I got them the only
problem is some of our gifts were like
all I kind of put together in the same
bag because like we had people helping
us at the party so they would just take
random gifts and put them all in the
same bags did you feel like a celebrity
and people take pics oh yes okay so we
have only in in the entirety of this
channel we've only had one person come
up to us in the States what we do and
something we didn't have somebody from
school recognized this one time yeah but
that was something separate yeah early
early on yeah for an EOB but other than
that we've only had one person come up
to us the whole time in the States and
it was actually at Jollibee in Houston
where we went
so we touched down and Tokyo and
immediately someone recognizes us and
talk to us yeah which is really cool cuz
for us that's the second time ever if
you don't I mean yeah but then we land
in Manila and we have people come to us
in the airport we have people come out
to us in the Jollibee in the airport we
have people come up to us on the street
line of people and they all just like
got their cameras out and I was like oh
no yeah looks so bad I've been on a
plane for 24 hours we had the dude at
the front counter
at the hotel we checked in know at the
hotel then that night we went and
exchanged some money and Sam wanted to
get some snacks we went down to 7-eleven
in the hotel and the cashiers which was
and like 90 different versions of KitKat
like Philippines's like 300 thousand
different versions of the KitKat I guess
and James Reid is there endorser which
is pretty cool but it was just weird it
was crazy it was like we were living in
a different world
Oh since the mini jeepney would calendar
a picture oh that would calendars like
one of my favorite freaking things we
have and also the wooden jeepney is
sitting at my desk right now just saying
this is one of my favorite things that
we got yeah because it kind of looks
like the Flintstones car I don't know
why but I really like this this is this
a jeepney though I thought it was that
other little vehicle things I don't know
if this is the Jeep marring me right you
don't I'm out they have that one that's
like a jeepney
but you know about that car looks like a
like a it's not what do they call it
Japan is the same type of thing I don't
know what they're called but it's
different in the Philippines but I love
this though I thought this one the
coolest thing so it sits on my desk but
anyway the wood calendar I liked a lot
to you also I will take my friends also
the frame um but anyway we were a lot of
random stuff around and then our friends
gave us these fans we did a karaoke on
Jeannie which is really cool that was
one of my favorite things we did which
hotel did you stay at we stayed at Marco
Polo ortigas which was awesome it's not
a rickshaw it's kind of like a rickshaw
but it's not Multi cab maybe that's what
it is but you know I'm talk about the
rickshaw or the bike with a thing they
have that type of vehicle but it's like
something else it's kind of like a
rickshaw it wasn't like the jeepney from
life war - yeah different type of
vehicle
different tricycle it's something like
that yeah I think it's like that but I
forget what they actually call those oh
she's like way back yeah basically was
eating cheese sticks earlier in this
stream sorry
some people are still watching did you
watch finally found someone no I did get
to see stars in the the cinema star mall
earned star mall Super Ball I'm thinking
star cinemas yeah you showed me the the
cinema mega mall but I had never changed
Oh check it out we wanted to but again
you know our antenna is like we pack so
much stuff into our small amount of time
you gotta just how was your Dell Bo
expands I can only explain adobo in one
word and that would be vlog but I'll
just say overall it's good but to get to
know the whole situation of how we tried
it when was doing a pedicab pedicab
that's what the car know the thing that
I'm talking about I don't know they said
that they'd be on their Facebook page
and I can't find yeah can't wait to see
your vlog me to you it's pretty crazy
I'm just like I've been going through
just looking at random videos checking
it out I don't even like I can't
name-drop enough of the stuff because
it's like you guys got to see it
tomorrow night if you're on US time
it'll be Friday night if you're in
Philippines time it'll be Saturday
morning is when the first vlog will be
coming out so be ready for it because
I'm so excited the footage looks super
cool actually the footage from my
birthday party a little bit of a fun
secret whatever we the the birthday
party was so crazy so we had a we had a
group of handlers essentially they were
like trying to make the party happen and
do everything really fast so like they
were telling us like hey go sit here do
this and like kind of moving us around
and everything and like trying to get us
food and all
and apparently somewhere in there I
don't know if it was like chicken grease
or something
it's like smudged on our camera so
there's a lot of the footage from the
birthday party that was like messed up
yeah so luckily there's some good stuff
on there though that like we might just
post it even though it's blurry oh yeah
because there's good stuff yeah yeah
don't next pick up all that stuff for
your dropping law said mostly names what
names that do their job names whatever I
mean I can I can name drop I want to go
to get a guy time did I just speak but
anyway so luckily a lot of fans uploaded
footage a lot of the people who came to
come visit came to come people who came
to visit us at the birthday party
uploaded a lot of footage that I can use
and I've already reached out to a couple
people so we'll be using clips of our
footage mixed in with footage that
people took at the party so that'll be a
fun xoring livestream tomorrow morning
for the East I don't know we're still
kind of messed up on time I was saying
sans gotta work in the morning so if we
got up early to do it it would kind of
like force her to have to go straight to
work for a full day or at after that
isn't Josh going to the Philippines also
I heard that he's going in January and I
believe adobo sandwich is going as well
but no no did you guys watch Issa no ah
stop was reported beforehand in Toronto
so we could not go what do you want to
do what do you do for a living well if
you ever heard of hug knuckles TV
YouTube channel but yeah that's what I
do
and then Sam works for a retail fashions
we do we didn't even get any of the Kit
Kats and actually what makes it even
most upset it's one of the things I'm
most upset about overall from the whole
thing is our camera cutout in the
7-eleven it was like we had just gotten
to the Philippines
all this footage from the airplane from
the hotel from everything so the camera
was like full uh battery dying we didn't
realize it died
mid recording in the 711 we got to the
Kit Kats and I was recording stuff for
dashi one of our mods and close friends
who is the Kit Kat fan which actually I
think she said be right back so she's
actually missing this part of it right
now but I was really really sad because
I think you have footage on your phone
right because I asked you to record some
on your fan I want her to record
something on her phone Batangas oh thank
you spoon boob yeah I know a lot of
people were saying it was only like an
hour away from where well we did tell
people where you're going on social
media Lisa oh yeah yeah I think I did
turn it was it a picture like instantly
and there was also on snapchat oh did
you feel like a celebrity there I would
not say in Philly a celebrity I would
just say like it was really cool to meet
a lot of people yeah I will say that
there was a lot of times where I was
like oh yeah and that was just because
like there was so many people that like
with the Philippines compared to the US
I mean other than the stuff that's in it
not very different at all 3,000
different versions of KitKat and like
different kind of drinks like there you
sarsi is my jam by the way shout out to
everybody loves Suzy because I am a root
beer fan
the minute we dropped in the airport our
friends who picked us up we're like I
remember how we learned about it oh look
at the Pepsi logo yeah the logo levator
FC logo and I was like what is that so
like as soon as we landed at the airport
the people that got us were like hey do
you want to go eat and we're like
Jollibee in the airport yes and so we
went to the Jollibee and they're like
what do you want to drink and so like
you were like what do you got and so
they started listing off stuff and they
said Sarcee and you're like what is
first no it's over here
no you're like oh I want that yeah no
but what happened was I ordered
something else but I
so like you know like how they have like
the little faucet things or whatever
like cool and I saw like a sticker
that's a Tsar see with the logo and I
was like what's that like cuz it look
like Pepsi yeah and they had all Coke
products like that's what I say because
even sarsi kind of sounds like Pepsi
yeah and then our friend Trisha was like
oh that's like root beer yeah Isaac walk
you have me a root beer also royal and
Fanta like those look a lot alike and
but they don't taste anything alike
which is kind of interesting to me and
also I found out cuz I was like man Roy
I'll be ripping off Fanta but come to
find out I think Fanta be ripping off
royal because supposedly Lily grace told
me that here that royal came first so I
don't know what was your first thought
the moment you landed here I don't know
what Samuel is because she was sleeping
what I was sleeping over we learn in
Manila yeah well you were sleeping like
pretty much up until the time we what
actually happened whoa should we talk
about that the holding yeah so Sam slept
like the whole trip to Manila from Tokyo
and I was trying to stay awake and I
ended up watching Moana because they had
Moana this is my first thought of like
coming to another because I'm like this
has been our dream like the YouTube
channel it has been my dream since I was
a kid to be an entertainer like I've
always wanted to be you know I was
always the jokester the class clown and
whatever and like I've always wanted to
be someone who could make people laugh
or smile and it's very important to me
to be that person so when the YouTube
channel picked up and like we have these
people all over the world that y'all
reach out to us and y'all care what we
have to say and you actually enjoy the
videos are we making something that like
y'all will never know how much that
means the world to me so well when I
watch of Alana
if the girls think about how FAR's to
get a girl like I've got some fun like
that of like crying watching freaking
Moana yeah
and just thinking about like how amazing
it is that we've traveled halfway across
the world and we're finally about to
land and meet these people oh it's cool
too because it's like you know like you
can okay so this is cool because it
gives me a like a motion a little bit so
last summer we we took a vacation where
we we stayed at a hotel like that looked
off over the Pacific Ocean and I
remember watching the sunset the other
side of the horizon
you know the horizon and now knowing
that like we've been on the other side
of that it just it's kind of amazing in
that song you know how far I'll go yeah
it's just like it makes me so emotional
cause like we we've been there like you
know and it makes me happy
try so hard hang on so far actually is
that the songs at the fire thing I sang
a Lincoln Park song yeah yeah I did
karaoke know what done the Jeep man was
in red box yeah they all meshed together
goodbye
well that was totally different
experiences to me though yeah the Jeep
he was taller
we flew Delta who picked us up from the
airport it some friends of ours what can
you say about people in the Philippines
good to see back okay so so so what when
I says the just at the airport and
you'll see it in the vlog because I'll
make sure to put it in if it's if I have
good footage of it I think I do when we
landed we'll do you know what I'm gonna
say everybody's at hi yeah every single
person all the other airports there's
like I don't know if y'all if y'all have
ever taken a plane before you get off
and then there's like all these people
that are like on the sides of like
wheelchairs or whatever like they're
just kind of waiting there and kids have
to help people and like we got off in
Atlanta people were just chillin there
and didn't really like care got off in
Japan people don't really care we got
off in Manila every single part ways
that every person I mean there's like 20
people you'll see it I'm pretty sure I
have good footage my Michael there's
like 20 people in a line here waiting
every
single one of them said hide us yeah
every single one was crazy and I don't
think they knew who we were I think they
know really Jinyu is really nice you
know yeah they were really high
Oh - is back what's up did you catch
that
yeah they were really nice you said hi
you're like they were just generally
really high high let's see
but otherwise than that I would say
people really chill even in in crazy
traffic nobody it's like the most upset
I saw something it was our drive away
like that was it that was beat that was
like his version of like road rage he's
like that was his version of road rage
where is Sam if one person if one person
changes lanes like 50 feet in front of
Sam she's laying on the horn screaming
out the window telling their mother that
they need to go - don't tell people yeah
Sam loses her mind when we upload your
vlogs first one B up let's see - she
missed a bunch of stuff where I was
actually talking about her things that I
wanted to dedicate to her yeah so you
have to go back and watch it again after
yes yep but it was a great time I mean
there's so much we can talk about I mean
I honestly can't explain all the amazing
experiences we had you have to watch a
vlog footage because honestly I have to
watch the Fox footage to fully remember
all of it and like relive it because it
all happens so fast it all kind of
blurred together that was so savage that
was so savage I'm sorry baby I just damn
baby one
like a deer oh I love you I love you are
we gonna start putting stuff up first
sure
[Music]
girl you bought two kitchen
Sam secret okay let's go
I wanna catch up first you're now gonna
catch up there's over 400 people in here
commenting you're not gonna catch it
that's a thing I want to I want to jump
off a building you want to do this first
mm-hmm why do you want to open your
package first
oh yeah snap I got over my page so we
came back and I got a package for my mom
and dad yeah so what we're gonna do
we're gonna grab some of this stuff that
we picked up and we're gonna put it up
on the shelf and we're gonna be mixing
up the shelf we're it's gonna change it
up a little bit so this is actually it's
all one piece that's from a coconut oh
look hot Sam is gorgeous in person see
they're all then oh thank you they don't
know but I thought this is really cool I
picked this this isn't something someone
gave to us is something I picked up
myself cuz I actually thought this is
really cool
also it's got like a little mouth here
or I think you put coins in it but like
I don't know how to open it maybe you
should break it is it like a piggy bank
a vein I tried that and it doesn't come
off oh no just don't breathe cute
just don't don't okay Mike's gonna break
it it kind of moves swear to God I swear
to god she breaks my monkey okay where
should we put him what should we do we
now we need to put him in a place of
honor this is gonna be more difficult
than I had originally planned
because we're gonna have to take things
down I have to rearrange because that
blocks the title bill but I kind of like
him there I don't know a chance see you
guys it's like pink what you can't just
put everything in the center Sam
everything I think we should just show
stuff and then we'll put it up on the
shelf later
I thought maybe easier that way because
we're gonna have to take things down and
take some things down when it's full you
have to crack it see that's what I said
oh yeah I got these has these full hands
I'm pretty stoked about this yeah
whenever you move it is like do nothing
pimp slap somebody oh it's the punch
should be here come here you like well
it doesn't hurt but it's like it depends
on all forceful your punches well I'm
off you might need to get another shelf
yeah we might need another bookshelf
look I'll put on this one because this
is
I don't know I'm just here hold up just
random shouldn't shoe it though Sam just
hit her Sanders hit her with the other
hose this just flew at her and him all
right we probably will have all this
stuff really bought out of it I will see
y'all where they're freaking out so okay
guys I appreciate that topped out the
microphone pump yeah we got the send SMS
where's my shadow doesn't my pump nice
okay so apparently this was in the baby
area how are we going to move and it's a
pig
yeah you're the subs where's the hole
for some reason looking like a robot
just anyway how do we do this oh you
just don't want to do it so basically
it's like a bouncy toy way so like you
sit on it and it bounces
here you hold them yeah watch yourself
watch yourself what it do what you don't
like that Boulevard oh my god I don't
know what purpose he service with Sam's
bottom so let's see how we hit Sam you
look at his tail so this is my friend
his name is what it's a dude I say we
call him pork rinds pork Ryan I don't
want to be cooked
Oh bacon call him bacon this is name oh
I'm down with that
bacon so don't put him down there so I
was kind of Popham you need to put him
high up somewhere that still is not
gonna pop him name him waddles I kind of
like that
whatis Stella's are canceled
happen is like a bait I think maybe we
should have bounces I think maybe we
should have the channel vote other names
maybe we should we should come up with a
couple name options and make a poll on
Twitter
call mr. CICIG mr. stickies just take
the big peg or crispy bacon crispy bacon
your dad's name is Chris so we can't
name him Chris even though his middle
name is Pete
mr. CICIG the boy is like is he's my boy
do you feel that I wonder what else we
could use this for babe in the city what
else can we really he pops well like his
skin's like really thick so like I'm
scratching him
pork rinds out of it I like the DS
getting it a little curly tail
all right I'm bored now next thing
upwards I'm bored we're back over for
interview people are coming and leaving
in Canada Liam come on next Peppa Peppa
beginning yeah okay we have this Jeep
pick this up I was pretty excited I'm
actually gonna send this somebody are
you yeah so we're not putting this one
up in the shelf yeah some things we got
from SM some things we gonna have first
off this is the last thing we're gonna
show right now for tonight before we do
our revamp of the cabinet and whatever
it's a very special one we've been
waiting a very long time to put this up
in the show I think y'all know what it
is we are super excited for it
ah that's was are we a little baby
jellybean so here's a little beverage le
bear even excited
we've been waiting almost a year for
this one
and sometimes in life when you wait for
things so these are the triplets
we have quadruplets but one of them is
asleep in the bed yeah so one of the
things will be going up on the shelf and
then I think the other ones I saw a
jolly B plushie job'
is that it's named job' I just call him
my jolly baby's jolly baby
where's Chewbacca Ferb Furby we need to
get him on the show we put him on the
show we have a bunch all this stuff back
there too we filled the shelf and then
we stopped putting things out because it
was all full yeah we need to redo
everything others there's a fish tank I
kind of want to put out my own Giga
giant figure - Ivan Andre the Giant if
you all know Pro Wrestling
action figure and Macho Man Randy Savage
but I don't remember 87 Johnny and the
Philippines there's a small Amelia most
of the food company squared jelly bean
my country didn't seem like that small
so like I but personally personally like
they give you a good amount of grass and
it always filled me up the one thing I
will say is they give little bitty
Taylor brown gravy and I'm just like for
them to get unlimited yeah you do yeah
weird look you've given new gravy that's
the cool thing to do does he fit next to
Thor's hammer
um I think Thor's hammer is gonna have
Hulk hands by it because Thor Ragnarok
is Thor hope so straight up the stuff
top shelf the boxes the dinosaur and the
robot and the BBA BBA it's probably
gonna move to bottom shelf just because
the fish tank and what is your favorite
thing on the Shelf yeah
lettuce on tweeting at hot salmon hug
the goals what is your favorite thing in
the shelf so we can keep it on the shelf
we need to know what is your favorite
thing on the Shelf we really cool if you
if you treat us like a little snapshot
of your favorite thing from the shelf
that'd be my favorite yeah big yeah just
let us know so give you another small
gray because you can fill them up
unlimited fill yeah cuz I was like give
me more gravy give me more gravy and
then they learned we have three Jollibee
dollars no we have four and four where
we have four but one of them stays in
the bedroom because we wanna what is it
we're gonna freak in the sheets jelly be
on the streets Matt Lanter
really weird agree I will never get rid
of the poop did we W built the fill flag
flag yeah those are things that I don't
think we can ever I'm gonna tweet it out
right now what is your favorite thing on
the shelves what is your go-to Twitter
tweet us your favorite thing on the
shelf
use a hashtag I'm sure
hashtag redo the Shelf hashtag what guy
hashtag please retain bb-8 that's what
that's what Lily gray says sorry I call
you only grace Lily grace I know you're
like call me Lily
but you know I just like saying Lily
grace don't ask me because I'm going to
be biased here's the hashtag you ever
get rid of dad book HP TV shelfie yes I
like that here here's this is the
hashtag make sure you use that hashtag
when you tweet us a pic or you tweet us
your favorite thing from the shelf so we
do not take it down we need it now that
is a favorite thing and that's what's up
and we're gonna redo the chef we're
gonna put some cool things up on there
the crane do what's going down
well not gonna get rid of the crown the
case yeah we don't know what we're
getting rid of I know what I'm not new
or the belt to sign up do you decide
that is up to the people to decide Sam
doesn't get a saying I don't get a say
you get to say tweet us hktv she'll let
us hold your favorite things are so that
way they can say I'm hey if they wanted
to stay up there tweet us and let us
know so we keep it up celebrity in
Philippine flag there you go see
make sure you use that hashtag make sure
you use the hashtag hashtag hktv
shellfish Blue Creek Dino and Ruby
figures the best of dashes at you oh you
want us to keep the Dino
I think the dinosaur does look cool up
there personally I don't like it better
than the robot with our wedding thing on
their house every guy was really good
the finger wag though I think a picture
of your mom would be nice let shelf
did you send me about well we didn't
open our package yet oh I gotta go up in
the package all right we're gonna open
the package and that's what we're gonna
thats how we're gonna finish off the
last let's go ahead and open up this
this package and then address so you
need to have BRB or just cut that part
of the box you can just cut it I have
but we'll be right back anyway give you
one second and we'll be right back with
an opening of fun times
you
[Music]
and we're back with fun times all right
we're gonna open this package when we
came back from the Philippines and I had
a happy birthday gift from my mom and
dad
shoutout to mom knuckles shout-out to
dad knuckles we're gonna open this bag I
see what's going down let's see it's
good thing you started in Manila you
next rubbish me someone down the south
I know we want to go to the beaches it's
your birthday present birthday present
and happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear dog that's me happy birthday to you
double damn alright let loose oh oh damn
it seriously open it okay hold on hold
on oh wow I know what this is that's
crazy this is mine by the way I gave
this to my dad these sent it back to me
this is an autograph that I got from pro
wrestling manager and deputy Hall of
Famer Jimmy Hart so I know what this is
I'm drooling oh this is just this is a
whole pig y'all learn much other than
smile y'all some old Fogle's but there's
mom knuckles and dad nuts this is like
this is over ten years old that's my mom
and dad you can tell my dad we look very
similar uh uh-huh and then this is the
first thing I saw oh my god anybody was
freaking awesome
I love these that's friggin awesome
maybe it's the cutest thing in the world
that's freakin awesome
we got Funko pops all up in the middle
they got Kevin Owens [ __ ] up up I love
carrots
yes mr. Burke put all these people we
got over here we got a Battlestar
Galactica people got cating up in the
mixer get Lester step I don't even know
whether don't hold up I got all this
stuff okay we got to open it and see
what it is yeah it is dad Jamie the Star
Wars Robert take all this take all these
take all this take these things take the
bins take the bags you got temporary
triple hat jism tell miss Jill I can
decide so sniffing it so I can decide
how to make these word we had temporary
temporary trip laughs this is my oh this
is my old Kevin Nash wolf pack big like
us some of this stuff is like they got
it for me and then other stuff is just
mine like I went to WrestleMania 23 so
this was like a thing that I got this is
your why would you send me this I'm kind
of sad here hold on my dad sent me this
it's an autographed pic to him it even
says Chris my dad's name what's up
homeboy
because we're from the same city they're
from the same hometown I got my dad this
autograph I went to comic-con and I met
Kevin Nash and I got a instead of
getting myself an autograph I paid to
get my dad not a guy why would you send
me this this is yours I got this for you
specifically that was 100% for you some
rate of heart earrings which I don't
know what the heck
I guess vines you bought that
yeah my mom said she's gonna send you
guys I forgot about the oh my god I'm
not gonna show all these pics but look
at me back in the day did I look like
such a punk you like oh wow pictures
yeah Wow
this is me my mom and my cousins back in
the day I don't know if y'all can see
these or not but look at me look at look
at what I looked like back in the day
wow did you like that look at me is that
a good look
you look good here yeah those are my
cousin's wedding I like your glasses
here my my godson / nephew Jake and my
youngest nephew they're both way older
than this now but when he's a little
baby yeah there's a lot of random
pictures in here okay and also I owed my
dad what was like a hundred bucks or
something I'm not gonna show this
because I think I have the same account
number stuff yeah there's all these
checks here that are all for $5 because
I didn't have the money to pay him off
so I wrote him like all these individual
$5 checks which he never cashed and my
dad so that's all my daddy didn't my
Hall of Fame token that I gave him when
I went to the Hall of Fame induction mmm
I didn't gave my dad a bunch of random
things that were just like I thought
they're really cool and it meant a lot
to me so I'd give him to him so that way
every cool but this was the reason I
gave him this one it's cuz it was from
Michigan my dad's from Michigan when I
went to Wrestlemania in Michigan I got
that for the Hall of Fame feeling now
legit that's like the commemorative
token for going to the Hall of Fame's
that's pretty cool I love how it's like
randomly just things that I gave him
that re-gifted to me like items that
they got us all so here's my birthday
card it says Josh with quotes like
that's what they call you you know
that's on your name but that's
I heard people call you that Josh now I
could have been like hugs you know like
people calling you it's your birthday
celebrate play hard lived well John
you're almost famous I love that my mom
will never say like she said no matter
how popular we get or whatever she said
she'll never say this or anything
because she's your almost famous happy
birthday love you hugs she told me this
is another one that's just like that's
you yes yeah that does not look like the
rock just low-key like whoever's her
modelling guy he looks like an angry
like Armenian grandfather
she says DB DD for new show he does not
look like me I'm saying he looks like
someone's like Armenian for the new
shelf maybe next time I mean he's got
like some kind of boobs but they're more
like not show those to mom and dad and
uncle shoutout we'll put the pick up
here next to the pic of my my little
baby niece and nephew and then of course
y'all saw this I love this also show
this professor so we'll show somewhere
and talk about when we went to to jelly
B headquarters or whatever we talked to
them about our reaction videos that we
did to you like their commercials and
stuff for the Valentine series and all
this stuff that we've done for them
they've been real supportive
videos we've made about jalebi and to
show appreciation for videos and stuff
we've made they actually gave us both
one of these but is a limited edition
jollibee version of a Swatch watch that
only 7,000 of them were made it was
limited for their 35th anniversary this
is when it was made and they gave us
each one it's always cool they said you
can't get them anywhere all the way the
whole train ride home and a plane ride
home and everything so it's really cool
it's one of like my favourite things
that we've gotten it sits on my desk now
I don't know maybe I'll put it up on the
on the shelf not sure I don't know what
I'm gonna do cuz I don't wear watches a
lot but I don't know it's very special
to me it means a lot to me because of
the the conversation that we had with
the team and stuff like that and
actually the people who made can you
tell how much my my parents smoked this
was white paper for real though dad I
know you had this in your room back when
we they don't smoke in the house now
so thank you all for coming out we broke
like 430 I think is the highest 50 do we
it was crazy
thank you all for coming out it is super
crazy to me that we had so many people
come to the flash it's the most than we
have ever had yeah come to a live stream
we had so much fun of the Philippines we
hope that you all really enjoy our our
vlogs that are be coming out the first
one will be up sometime tomorrow night
Saturday morning whatever just keep a
lookout for it we can't they yell enough
for everything LG for us we love y'all
we're not really
going with the hat trick 3 hat modes are
we not for the rest nah not for the
duration just for today I've noticed you
dark I was talking to you in chat
beforehand there's been a lot of people
but anyway we love you guys so much
we'll see you very soon thanks for
coming out and videos love you yes
