because what is you crazy mother yeah
yeah let me bring it down don't let the
sound just come from the yeah and just
Chinese stuff from here on out
la anyway yeah any sleep is talking - I
might I'll pick up the rest they turn is
my palm all the way up all right let's
rock
great
huh
huh
[Music]
hey what's up everybody what's going on
everybody it's your boy Chris the
YouTube critic and I'm coming back at
you what another video today's video
bands will be monthly deploys things
power of love on which 107 five bus man
lies big-time now we saw this this
morning come through our notifications
that we say all we got to do it and then
they say you know the requests are
coming here so you know what keep me
here we go we listen while we do that
though if you're new to the channel and
you like the content that you watch it
go ahead and smash that like subscribe
and the notification but no way you can
join your boy and girl each and every
day that we drop a video for the fun cuz
we do have fun people also subscribers
you already know what to do man so to do
next
hello I like button that way you to know
that shoes up here cuz we love you guys
well kids besides you probably do nobody
gets a video big-time lay down hey come
on down
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you know
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that is sold out there to see how is
what to see how it works
tripper and take a deep breath dry off
anyway good when he hit that high that
the long no heavy I guess one in he does
like
and then you look out the window hey
Mack
all right no okay so this what I was
doing in the video
and I had like a weird face y'all like
cuz I was constant training okay
I'll try to write down how did watch we
all do this how did you do it like for
real for real okay so first of all he
seems extra extra clear crystal clear
okay second of all is like just
distinctive angelic I kept thinking
angelic then you see these powerful long
notes long faces where does that come
from but you you reason two places
either from your lives your chest or
your stomach and I can figure out a way
to rid of him he was just sittin and
singing like he was talking it was
amazing it was amazing I like it there
watching and I was just like I was kind
of like doing the same thing I was
looking at his throat to see if he was
training to sing it you know I was
looking at his face this is like a
struggle he hits on the note I was
trying to listen to his voice to see if
I can kind of hear a little bit of the
Filipino accent or something you know
the kind of like okay I don't know I was
just trying to figure out everything so
I was really concentrating in the song
all up in his mouth but yeah I couldn't
like Celine Dion must be like one of his
inspirations of time because he just
seems all on her phone anything so what
well I could see why I could see why I
could see what yeah that's like his
style so quick like she has some arcing
they have similar voices and those a say
where she an was like ever he hasn't
worked like her but they have similar
style I'll say that silence boys have
similar characteristics yeah they're
also known actress oh yeah man I was out
of course uh luckily they'll never
disappoint
not yet anyway he's always yeah you look
like your first mission look at
oh yeah
stepping up is good yes I family when we
see Michael in his real hazard light his
cattle dress is like cat he's like dress
down casual life huh shorts and
flip-flops or something like that be
sure like as a karaoke and stuff like
that or when he was at the UH at the bar
door I haven't watched that with yet but
he was or maybe I did watch him at a bar
doing karaoke as well here on shorts and
slippers on a t-shirt but like they're
you like just I love black girls look
like cook looks pretty I was right I
wasn't looking looking all yellow like I
mean you don't have no you have a face
ever no yeah I know mono girl to the
fans I got though I ever liked that you
may not have any actually just because
you know not that all my mother's oh hey
gray video baby they all around we will
of the video we thank you all for coming
through man we thank you for suggesting
the far more as all the different songs
it is I know it was before work I know
but I thought it was the different songs
because I'm like only Tristan because
power of love is not like so when I
don't know power the words power love
are not in the head of the chorus it's
our love so I was like almost if you had
to compare it to a sentence is like if
the mid-surface is not the beginning but
like oh yeah if I had to solve a song I
would call it you are my lady
yeah I could feel it
yeah I was like all they picked up my
diary trick
obviously smell julissa anyway if you
like that video you like the content
that you watching you're new to this
channel go ahead smash the like
subscribe and the Nullification but that
way you can join Christmas under each
and every day that we drop the video for
fun man as you see we do have fun okay
also I guess the problem he'll know
about hell yeah thank you wanna thank
you so much much later
you put a night night
night-night big time somehow we get
cheese right Angele
really now y'all need to go sleep
[Music]
