welcome to Boracay in 360 degrees
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome to Boracay in 360 degrees what
is up guys we are Mike and Ellie to
travel bloggers and we have a special
video today for you guys because we
partnered up with Hugh cam the producer
of this amazing 360-degree camera to
bring you
Boracay in 360 degrees and as an added
bonus not only are we going to show you
maracay and 360 degrees we have the
opportunity to give away one of these
amazing 360 degree cue cam cameras for
Christmas so for you guys so stay tuned
to this video watch till the end we'll
give you more information on how you can
win so for those of you that don't know
what Boracay is boracay is this
beautiful amazing island in the heart of
the Philippines and six months ago
Boracay was shut down for a reputed
fication there were few health
violations a few natural violations that
were done and they fix everything up of
the past six months it is absolutely
beautiful and we're going to show you
around 360 degrees throughout the day
does my girlfriend look even more
beautiful in 360 degrees let me know in
the comments down below so I'm super
excited to upload my first 360-degree
video and if this is new to you as well
if you're on a smartphone you literally
can move around your phone to explore
the areas around us or you can just tap
your finger into the screen swipe around
to discover new things around us but I
really love about this camera is that
the footage is really really stable it
has several different functions like the
180 degree VR mode the time-lapse and
the slow-motion mode and of course the
360 mode that you're seeing right now
a little bit noisy but for change of
pace I'm heading down to the roast mouth
to ride the tricycle and I'm gonna get a
ride along the road
[Music]
as you guys can see this amount of
construction going on if you look home
today you can see the construction right
now but behind it is I'm going to jump
into a practical
down to stage actor gravity
like right now
I headed away from the beach and I'm
walking down towards the main road so I
can show you a little bit what the
construction looks like right now the
condition of the roads and just in
general what it looks like going through
town factly it's still very noisy
because there's a lot of construction
going on and if you look up here is a
big construction site and also over here
but when you get away from the
construction of the clink becomes very
quiet and peaceful so let's go check it
out
so as you can see this will a lot of
construction going on on the roads to
the left and to the right but they
they're getting they're getting along
fast actually the roads already look so
much better than the dead room over here
a year ago as you can see there's a lot
of work it's very busy you got to be
careful when you weren't running
I suppose to one of the guys working at
a hotel and he says there's a lot of
construction going on a lot of work
going on with the powerlines the roads
and the water system but walking down
the
I must say I I liked it I liked it
before by moving here and I still like
it now it's really cute beautiful island
you have a lot of opportunities to get
great food to get coffee
very high
well but look at all the construction
that's going on over the knee so you can
pivot around this video
five your life
yeah the ton of construction going on
none exactly what they're doing here but
yeah so right now I am arriving to
station X which is actually the hue
hotel and inside the hue hotel to have a
bunch of places to have coffee and food
all right guys so I'm sure you're
wondering how can you win this amazing
360-degree camera well the rules are
very simple
all you have to do is follow up of
Nellie and I on Instagram and what you
follow does come back to this video on
YouTube and comment we followed you
everywhere
hashtag 360 by the way this is the coast
hotel in Boracay that we staying out
during the strip it is absolutely
beautiful we love each other people are
so friendly
and right now we're heading out to grab
some coffee and edit this 360 footage by
the way this camera comes with an
awesome smartphone app it works on
Android and on Apple iPhone you can edit
these VR videos these 360-degree videos
right on your phone and export them for
Facebook or Instagram or YouTube or
wherever or the footage is super easy to
edit in Premiere Pro and that's what I'm
gonna do so guys let me know if you
enjoy it this 360 degree video if you
did I might do this more often and just
do like a 360 video of the locations
that we visit oh and by the way don't
forget to go to plenty other videos of
Boracay regular videos not just 360
videos be sure to check them out they
pop up everywhere and the link down
below and you know all that jazz thank
you for watching I'll see you guys on
the flip side by the way guys this is a
new content format for us if you liked
it please give it a big fat thumbs up
and if you are new to our channel
definitely check out our other very
cinematic videos like our channel
trailer here summarizing our trips in
the year 2017 we have a ton of content
from all over the world that we're
really proud of so be sure to go and
check it out we'll see you guys in the
next video goodbye
[Music]
Oh
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
