oh my god I know I know I got your tea
I'm nasty I know when I was a video and
yeah I feel good ah ok ok ok did you get
hit in the whole of our co fans that's
right guys negative that's crazy as I
said I mean but yeah I don't bash him
too much cuz he's been crying please be
right actually guys we read all your
comments man we do and apply to every
time you reply to every comment every
single carbon copy that even if you even
if you are do suggestions or something
maybe reply so please you're gonna cover
something bad it's okay but you're still
gonna know let's know that you know we
read that and you're like
and I cry Marty yeah so there's no us
these almonds lady other video it's a
hot a video that we did it said that dad
pina colada so yeah this video we're
just gonna be quiet so I'm gonna be
quiet like this no that's how I did it
oh that's hard guys um can't do it I
can't do that because um you know
there's a lot of reactions out there
just like we see and they're all like
what like no comment hair yeah oh no
come do like do this do things okay
that's it okay we don't do that we're
not that stuff or style is just to make
it clear or stop or reaction styles it's
like we say [ __ ] a lot of [ __ ] we try to
add our own humor or own characters we
make it as raw as possible yes right
super raw and bottom we're just watching
TV yeah really just like you know
watching TV and I'm a guy that's a
villain are all shady [ __ ] [ __ ] like
that ah told me my like it so we might
not like it but no I'm sorry you can't
please everybody but it's our own tile
own thing so it's free just to tell you
beforehand then we are very about that
about yeah you're getting on yeah you're
very crazy night ah but no but my cat
might not care myself is very thing with
a legit love you you know that mother
and I moma basher more on a bash like oh
you criticize negative yeah I'm gonna
criticize why are you negative do as my
oh yeah like I cfl these days feels
please these days and he's David guys
just threw my just it's just my opinion
I'm not gonna like saying oh she's good
I I don't say that hey what do you say
what he said it yesterday what to do you
know no offense what no idea okay say
bro before I did I never said said to
the fabulous and that goat I goat I mean
ever since it I never said that I never
said it burrows I never said it guys
crying you know punching the computer so
I got hurt seems so Robbie let me tell
you everything on it I'm hurt when you
and the guy with the hat I my name is
lot guys bulk message but Hayes up a
sauce we try to watch it as honest
if you guys subscribe we like think of
you as like right just like you know the
current like a friend like someone who's
like supportive okay it would just guys
they like it I mean that's all the video
this is hard to say an opinion in
YouTube you know yeah you get so much
[ __ ] man [ __ ] scream but we take the
risk that's what make this this way
we're in front of camera that's why
we're doing this because we want to show
really you all now what we think yes not
like I do not like to start thing not to
say like whoa she's good dad oh good or
no well or invoke common that's stupid
like well you could do that like we try
to make it our own personal level when
when it becomes personal there's there
might be some different you know
preferences or different opinions I like
it or not I different uh thinking about
it but we reply to all your comments we
do every one you guys wanna see more so
yeah there we go pinoy boyband superstar
judges edition I know that this is the
show and abs-cbn that replace the voice
kids three sundara part where that
particular very big celebrity what you
want and 21
so what do you think Alyssa them send
our park she's like us grew up in the
Philippines she auditioned for a singing
competition the Philippines and then she
failed miserably she feels that she
didn't went to top one but then in the
King go period like it hired her because
she was good at singing and dancing
she's gotta sing dance yeah that's why
she got hired because of the same
competition in the Korean agency SANA
who would hire this girl she's curvy on
the subterranean fingers up like that
yeah probably like this um and she's on
a judge right now but she challenged so
here we go guys you know I boyband
superstar judges ojk even language is
down he's your green i'm gonna say i
love you' it different oh no please
don't say that my [ __ ] mind of you in
Korean your what's our Omni don't know
where this korean pronunciation time I
why hey I got a fan behind on behind on
behind Mecca Saudi a pair of us
mahabharata bother you guys yes una that
is the worst [ __ ] I've ever seen him so
he's a boy is this who is this mother
[ __ ] Wolverine he's dad is Korean cuz
last name is Kim right he looks Korean
Korean probably will be able to both
behringer Korean yeah okay so ugly girls
the girls vote or something okay so he's
trying to like please persuade the girls
oh my damn hot I'll get up you know I
love you too oh yes or no okay
it's all it's only girls there's no guys
here all girls is that like Boyd that
puts the girls ergo fans I guess oh so
he gets the oversized 79 third part whoo
she's so cute she's angel yeah come on
she's like 30-something is like 20
laureles Robinson oh my god Korean cuz
he might scoff at me yeah okay I'm gonna
know who by my standards oh gosh this is
a school play okay but he see ya wow I'm
add audio I don't know what oh my god so
like strange even my god I can't watch
this look it's like in the film is your
speaking Korean a gift Jaden knows why
are you gonna why are you singing and
you're putting your mic here hello if
you're gonna stay safer that's dance
okay good do a good job to do a good job
[ __ ] he said oh you ply your lies this
doesn't rapping no oh my god what it's
like this you can't do [ __ ] just one
flatliner it's one flat land these
judges are like trying to like you can't
see [ __ ] that rap you can't do anything
sander yes you're gonna get some rope
jacob van yes yes a fat already taking
my pants I I care about my life oh no
Jake you stay back yeah I think so no
it's just audition program yeah some
insider facts
this one feeling auditioning
[Applause]
oh my god weighted by oh yeah i did that
anyone cover Oh Britta kawasaki good
luck he do it for anyone what oh my what
what the [ __ ] was that gay gay Oh guys
guys good I don't know what she's
reactions I don't like this oh my god
are you is this how it's gonna be it's
not called ocean it's like ah it's a
good drama Jenna nice job and cringe
challenge okay okay better it's singing
better thing though yeah this is not bad
better at singing you should sing bro
don't [ __ ] rap yeah hey come oh yeah
[ __ ] my jay Park do some Jade part [ __ ]
don't [ __ ] rap what were Toro Rhino
dance please please restore parity of
aerobic Messiah Perry go when I think
what I've is an ammeter yeah yeah or a
week I'm sweating yeah give it I'm he's
20 only when you brought house but you
can't be careful he can't sell for sure
rap and dance jammer well what else is
finding the [ __ ] out yeah because you're
like this bro like what how can you rap
how can you expect to hear your voice of
your minds over here bro my bros dad
yeah okay man but I think it improve
yeah that's the boy band again he can be
grouped together too many may seven
working on but I think I it's just for
like the girls yeah so if it's a lot
more it's like already passed yeah it's
a bitter ice is your mom we already
passed right he's kind of good looking
so my god nice in Korean in a [ __ ] an
abs-cbn Korean and my swag guy sweat by
me
she's gay she's getting paid a lot to
say this you know yet Harry Potter Nepal
so feeling go away then quit naked ethos
a pillow boy by superstar what yes yeah
I think she's the caution of sandara
okay yeah no part Kim no no do it
because it's wrong they can that they
can yeah cuz you do need not the same oh
gosh that's the word but then shall you
have that the [ __ ] you have potential
so it's a yes for me the hell is this
guy see this is saying some stuff that
late he looks like most of criticize are
here come on just this if no one is
gonna criticize him this this show is
like a bias piece of [ __ ] Yeah right any
fast what do you think about chicken for
me I think you can trap you can't dance
but I when I heard his singing he's
really good he should just go more on
singing then rapping and dancing but if
you're together in a boy but maybe he's
gonna get more better because you're
gonna be like introduced to new people
new guys they could teach him how to
death how to rattle he said he could
make it develop like what that Durga
said he has potential potential he has
potential is his handsome so that's
pretty good from the boyband you have to
be handsome that's hot that's all you
have to be redone no I'm not handsome
sorry oh look at my feelings what a
beauty what you're handsome in mind my
eyes what stop moving gay oh my god
screaming gay guys know that everybody's
doing I always bite me know the guns of
a gate love it ain't no Jake game good
luck ah it's a very crazy show for me
basically I think there's some bias
going on here there should be some
really judges who are likely bashing
also an excitement over
yeah Alex haven't called you cool kal
kal ah so uh yeah if you guys like to
please subscribe to set on pit we're
gonna keep the reactions for years he's
name is that we are getting big we
really arrange a lot of videos if you
check on the playlist via vivo number
one busking we're also an order so yeah
guys please uh look out for that drop
amor tada mm-hmm come go go go go go
please
[Music]
oh my god I know I know I got your teeth
a nasty I don't know and yes he won't
even a shoe okay okay okay did we get
rid of our co fans that's right guys
negative it again as I said I mean but
yeah I don't bash him too much cuz he's
been crying yes please be right actually
guys we read all your comments man we do
and plant everything we reply to every
comment every single type in common even
if you even if you are do suggestions or
something when you reply so please
you're gonna cover something bad it's
okay but you're still gonna know let's
know that you know we read that and
you're like
and I cry Marty yeah what's up there
those these on the treating other video
that video that we did is that uh that
Dad pina colada so yeah this video we're
just gonna be quiet so we're gonna be
quiet like this no that's already Oh
hard guys um can't we can't do that
because um you know there's lot of
reactions out there just like we see and
they're all like what like no comment
hair yeah oh no come do this thing okay
that's it okay we don't do that we're
not that stuff our style is just to make
it clear or stop or reaction style is
like you say [ __ ] a lot of [ __ ] we try
to add our own humor or own characters
we make it as raw as possible yes right
super raw and bottom we're just watching
TV yeah really just like you know
watching TV and I'm I gather that's a
villain but stupid idiot our own shitty
[ __ ] [ __ ] like that uh-oh told me what
like it so you might not like it but you
know I'm sorry you can't please
everybody but it's our own style own
thing so it's free just to tell you
beforehand then we are bury my dad dad
yo yo yo honey yes very crazy night ah
but no but my cat might not hear myself
is very in with a little chick love you
you know that my moma basher more on a
bash like oh you criticize I'm here
probably cuz I like this oh and she's on
a judge right now but each other and so
here we go guys annoying boy band
superstar judges Oh Jake in even
language is towelie's you're great
Kirsten i'm gonna say i love you' it
difficult no please don't say that i
[ __ ] learn i love you in korean your
what's around me know but it's korean
pronunciation time I mean why hey I got
opah behind on behind on behind Mecca
Saudi the pair of us mahabharata bother
you guys nessun wanna do that is the
worst [ __ ]
okay great Kim so he's a jerk like this
who is this mother [ __ ] Wolverine
he's dad is Korean cuz last name is Kim
right he looks Korean Korean probably
will be aboard a boat there inter-korean
yeah okay so probably girls the girls
vote or something okay so he's trying to
like please persuade the girls oh my oh
my oh my look at that you know I love
you too mmm Oh dirty yes or no oh all
it's only girls there's no guys hear the
all girls it's like boy bands cuz the
girls or the fans I guess oh so he gets
over 70 nice where's our part whoo she's
so cute she's angel yeah come on she's a
30-something is like 28 real or was
probably some hot korean as vice gun
battery yeah okay i don't know who by
the my semester successfully okay let me
see what I Maddow do I don't know you oh
my god so like string G make my god I
get what this looks like in the film is
your sting career a negative view
showing singing you should sing bro
don't [ __ ] rad yeah hey come oh yeah
[ __ ] my jay Park do some Jade part [ __ ]
don't [ __ ] rap what were no real Rhino
dance please please yo ho visto very the
akamaru robot bisaya périgueux when our
economies around battle yeah yeah or a
week I'm sweating yeah give it I'm he's
20 only when you brought house but he
can't be careful he can't selfish you're
strapped in
oh we're now classifying the [ __ ] out oh
yeah because you're like this bro and I
quickies rap how can you expect to hear
your voice of your minds over here bro
my bros dad yeah okay man but I think it
improve yeah that's the boy band again
he can be grouped together to our
nominee 7 come on but I think it's just
for like the girls yeah so if it's a lot
more it's like already passed yeah it's
a bit right is your mom we already
passed right he's kind of good looking
so my god i speaking Korean in a [ __ ]
an abs-cbn Korean and my swag bag swag
she's gay she's getting paid a lot to
say this video yet Harry Potter Nepal so
feeling go away then quit naked ethos a
pillow avoid a superstar what yes I
think she's the caution of sandara que
ya no part Kim no [ __ ] because it's
broke they can they can yeah cuz you do
need not the same oh gosh that's the
word but then shall you have that gonna
get you have potential so it's a yes for
me what the hell is this guy see this is
saying some stuff that late seems like
most of criticize are here come on just
this if no one is gonna criticize in
this this show is like a bias piece of
[ __ ] Yeah right any fast what do you
think about chicken for me I think you
can trap you can't dance but I wanna
hurt his singing he's really good he
should just go more on singing then
rapping and dancing but if you're
together in a boy but maybe he's gonna
get more better because you're gonna be
like introduced to new people new guys
they can teach him how to death how to
rattle he said he could make it develop
like what i just said he has potential
potential he has potential is his
handsome so that's pretty good in the
boyband you have to be handsome
Jaden cat knows why are you gonna why
are you singing and you're putting your
mic here hello you're gonna say safer
that dance okay good do a good job good
job good job [ __ ] he said oh you fly
your light this doesn't rapping no oh my
god what it's like is oh my god you
can't do [ __ ] it's just one flatliner
it's one flat land these judges are like
China like you can't see [ __ ] that rap
you can't do anything sander yes you get
the room jacob van yes Jacob ready yes I
fat already JD must be nice I I care
about my life oh no James do that yeah I
think so no it's just audition program
yeah sony vaio fast yeah just like
auditioning
[Applause]
whoa
what that I've waited by I did that
anyone cover Oh critical socket good
luck he do it for anyone what oh my what
what the [ __ ] was that yes gay Oh guys
guys good I don't watch these reactions
I don't like this oh my god are you is
this how it's gonna be it's not called
oceans like ah it's a good drama John
Geoghan cringe challenge ok ok better
it's singing better thing though yeah
this is not bad better ex- yeah I'm
gonna go criticize you why are you leave
negative do as my job your mother Grace
you have five these days feels please
these days and he's dated guys just
threw my just that it's just my opinion
I'm not collecting oh she's good I I
don't say that hey what do you say what
he said it yesterday what to do you know
I covance what no I say bro the boy I
never said said to the fat man i was at
that goat I goat I never said sit I
never said that I never said it burrows
I never said a guy's great you know
budging the computer yeah but I got hurt
seems so Robbie I will tell you
everything on it I'm hurt Ali's when you
and the guy with the hat I my name is
lot guys doc message but Hayes up
besosss we try to watch it as honest and
if you guys subscribe we like fake of
you is like I just like you know the
current like a friend like someone who's
like supportive okay you guys to like it
I mean that's all the video this is hard
to say an opinion at YouTube you know
yeah you get so much [ __ ] man [ __ ]
scream but we take the risk that's why
we make this this way we were in front
of the camera that's why we're doing
this because we want to show really
young so old now what we think yeah us
naughty not like this laughing not to
say Mike whoa she's good that won't you
or no well or invoke common that's
stupid like well I look into that like
we try to make it our own personal level
when when it becomes personal there's
there might be some different you know
preferences or different opinions I like
it or not I different of thinking about
it but we rely to all your comments we
do every one you guys want to see more
so yeah here we go annoyed boy by
superstar judges edition I know that
this is the show and abs-cbn that
replaced the boys kids three sandara
park their car parking position which is
very big celebrity what you want and 21
so what do you think left enough in that
park she's like us grew up in the
Philippines she auditioned for a singing
competition the Philippines and then she
failed miserably she feels that she
didn't with the top one but then in the
king of Korea like it hired her because
she was good at singing and dancing
she's got a thing yeah that's why she
got hired because of the same
competition in the Korean agency so
let's hire this girl she's Korean
submarine fingers up like
