say how do you know yeah you're not
gonna go to prison for it hey guys I'm
David museum I remember John pill I was
born and raised in the US but I spent a
lot of the last ten years living in and
visiting the Philippines so I was also
born and raised in the States my mom is
Filipino and my dad is American I moved
here about one year ago
and I've kind of noticed a lot of things
that I really love here compared to the
u.s. so today Rachel and I have compiled
our top 12 things that we like better
about the Philippines compared to the US
and they're gonna kind of progressively
get more important as we go but I'll
start with a pretty simple thing and
that is the music in taxis I have
discovered so much music that I love in
taxis in the Philippines people ask me
where I get my ideas for my Filipino
song covers that I do on YouTube and
it's actually in taxis I hear different
Filipino songs come up and actually a
lot of American songs one of for
instance the songs that I now love that
I never heard in the US is the song for
the first time by Kenny Loggins I never
heard it in the US even though he's an
American artist also honesty by
harum-scarum is one of my favorite songs
and I never heard that except in the
Philippines the first thing I've noticed
since I've been here is when I go out to
eat at restaurants specifically Filipino
restaurants everyone orders family-style
so what that means is we order like five
or six dishes and then everyone just
shares that but in the u.s. it's not
common to do that so if you go to a
restaurant you s you get the menu you
pick what you want and then when the
food comes you just eat that but like no
one's really supposed to like but even
when you're out with friends it doesn't
even have to be family but like it's
just so nice that you're sharing it's
just a different kind of vibe rather
than just being like kind of closed off
and I don't know it's different I
totally agree I think that the way you
eat also relates to a lot of other
things in the culture so the number
three thing
that the Philippines is a lot less
sue-happy
than the US and I really like the vibe
that that brings to everything there's a
lot more freedom honestly that I feel on
a day to day basis in the Philippines
because of that lack of worry about
somebody is going to sue you to give you
an example we just went outside and
we're shooting a music video and we just
just hired some random dude scooter ATM
200 pesos and like we could never use
that in the US no one would ever know no
people would be so worried that you
would get hurt and sue them and so I
think that there's like this sort of
Wild West feeling to the Philippines and
like a less to happy environment all
right I love that the first thing that
I've noticed since being here is that
people are much friendlier to me
compared to when I'm in the u.s. I have
a little bit of a Filipino look so maybe
they gravitate towards that but it's
just so easy for me to talk to people
here and meet new people and make
friends like everyone seems to be so
friendly to me yeah I think generally
Filipinos are more friendly to
foreigners than Americans are to
foreigners so for instance if you're
random dude from Zimbabwe or whatever
and you like go to a party in the u.s.
like a barbecue and you're like the dude
from Zimbabwe who just visited I don't
think people would really go out of
their way to talk to you it just they're
like oh yeah that's the dude from
Zimbabwe who's here this is like here I
feel like people would go up to that guy
and go oh you're where you from you're
from Zimbabwe like oh what's it like
there why did you visit the Philippines
they will be a lot more interested in
you as a foreigner and while you're
there is much more friendliness in that
way yeah okay number five is one that
rachel has not yet discovered but I told
her about it and I think she's gonna be
very happy now and that is 50% off big
sales at closings at bakeries in the
Philippines in the u.s. there are no 50%
bake sales at closings I've never come
across one at least in my entire life
but most of the bakeries in the
Philippines especially a lot of high-end
bakeries with delicious baked goods a
closing usually about an hour before
have a 50% off sale where they put just
about everything in the entire store 50%
off and it's so cheap and delicious so I
will go and just load up with like a
giant bag of baked goods and eat that
for the rest of the week yeah see I've
been here for almost one year and I've
never heard of that in my entire life
like I love bread I love desserts I love
cakes like all that stuff and I've never
seen like 50% bake sale yeah that's
really crazy to me because they would
never do anything like that in the
States unless all the food was like
really old or just yeah expired like
psycho you don't see that so now that I
know that I definitely have to go and
check that out so number six is
surprising to me but it's that some
chain restaurants from America are much
much better in the Philippines so for
example I love Chile's the restaurant
and in America we would go all the time
but it started to just go really
downhill the food wasn't good the
service wasn't good but then I came here
and it was like the service was so
amazing people were so friendly so
attentive and then you got your food
quick it was hot it was you tell
everything was fresh like it really
surprised me because you would think
that if it's a chain restaurant it
should just be exactly how it is in the
US but here it's like a hundred times a
hundred times better yeah so another one
for me that's the same is actually
Starbucks so in the US I rarely go to
Starbucks and I definitely would never
go to Starbucks to eat a meal I would
never think about having my lunch at
Starbucks right but here in the
Philippines I eat it's Starbucks almost
every other day the food at Starbucks is
awesome and it's all different it's
actually Filipino related food at
Starbucks so one of my favorite desserts
in the world is the no-fee and Starbucks
has awesome Buono feet which is also a
Filipino dish Starbucks in the
Philippines is much better and it's
actually run by a Filipino company it's
not run by Starbucks America so that's
why Starbucks in the Philippines way
better
number seven fairly obvious if you've
had them in that
mangoes mangoes in the US are not even
particularly good and here they're
absolutely delicious I could eat them
every single day at every meal and in
the u.s. they're actually very hard to
find
okay the a thing for me is movie
theaters if you've ever been to the
States and go into a movie theater
you'll probably know that it's really
expensive and you can't buy snacks
because they're really expensive just
for a box of popcorn is literally ten
dollars for a drink that's five dollars
so that's already almost if that was in
peso it was like gone those four snacks
like people always have to sneak in
snacks whether it's in your purse or
like in your jacket going use in your
pocket yeah but here in the Philippines
movie tickets are really cheap and the
food and the popcorn and everything is
really cheap and you don't even have to
buy it at the movie theater you can walk
in with literally whatever you want you
know they don't care care I love the
movie theaters I go to way more movies
when I'm in the Philippines first did
you ever notice that some movies come
out here first as well I did yes a lot
of movies come out here first yeah I saw
Bohemian Rhapsody and all my friends in
the States we were like what you already
saw it like it came out like it was just
one day earlier okay but I don't
understand why I'm sure there's some
reason well we are a day ahead here so
it could be that me but a lot of movies
do come out even like a few days or yeah
earlier here number nine is the
opportunity to help people in really
small ways that still has a significant
effect on them and I'm not going to talk
about this to brag at all this is
something that makes me happy I find
that there are a lot of ways to help
people in the Philippines that make me
feel really good and also really helps
them and it's it doesn't cost a lot and
it's not difficult and difficult to find
so in the US for instance if I was to go
up to someone on the street who had like
a difficult job you know what street
cleaner or something like that and hand
them $20 it really would make no
difference and they'd almost be like
like why are you giving me 20 bucks like
you know it's nothing like but here in
the Philippines because there are so
many homeless people and so many people
in difficult positions I actually give
out a lot of cash on the street it just
makes me feel good so almost every
single day when I'm walking somewhere
I'll see a person that's working on a
lot of times it's recycling and they're
going there digging through the trash
and they're finding the bottles to be
able to recycle them and have money and
so I'll have a thousand pesos in my
pocket which again is only like 20 bucks
but I'll just give them the thousand
pesos and their face lights up and you
can tell that it's instantly made a
difference in their life and it makes me
feel good and it's it's just fun to be
able to like help somebody so easily and
I do the same with a lot of kids on the
street I don't give money to beggars on
the street because I feel like there's a
lot of corruption and things sometimes
in that but I will find kids on the
street and I'll just take them to
restaurants so a lot of times I'll go
have a meal at a nice restaurant myself
and then I'll just walk out of the
restaurant look for some kids and then
just bring them to the restaurant and
buy them the same meal and it's really
fun number 10 is the opportunity to make
and create deep and meaningful
friendships so I've only been here for
less than a year and I have already made
an unbelievable amount of friends and
they're all so close to me and they know
pretty much everything about me in such
a short amount of time like compared to
my friends in Colorado who I absolutely
love and cherish but like I've known
those people my whole life and it feels
like since I've moved here I've already
known these people my whole life and
it's just that easy and that quick it's
same for me I have just as many close
friends like lifelong friends here in
the Philippines as I do in the US and I
only lived in the Philippines for about
two and a half years and I lived in the
US you know most of my life people are a
little bit more open to allowing you to
be a good friend of theirs and they're
like looking for good friends versus in
the u.s. it's like you find like a new
good friend every couple of years maybe
a lot of people here really cherish
companionship
mmm-hmm and having new experiences and
meeting new people a lot of people in
the US don't really I want to say a lot
of people but some people just don't
really think that way they're okay with
where they are and are okay with who
they're around yeah so they they don't
feel the need to like I guess branch out
it sounds kind of bad but yeah I think
it's true number eleven is cover bands
here or in general way better so
everybody around the world knows that
Filipinos are possibly the world's best
singers per capita I mean there's just
ridiculous and lots of great singers and
it is not uncommon at all to walk into a
bar or Club here and hear them belting
out a journey song and literally
sounding just like journey and that's
something that's really difficult to
pull off number twelve this more applies
to me I think but the drinking age and
the nightlife and the night scene here
in Manila so in the US you cannot drink
or go out to clubs until you were 21
so for me I'm 18 so being here in the
Philippines where the drinking age is 18
its 18 so I can go out I can drink with
friends I can go to the clubs which I
don't do so often but it's really fun
and compared to the States you can't
really do that and also when you do go
out to the clubs in the States they all
closed around 2:00 2:00 a.m. when I am
but here in Manila it's kind of like the
city that never sleeps of Asia you party
and people party until 5:00 6:00 a.m.
and maybe that's not necessarily the
best thing but it is what makes the
Philippines a little bit different and a
little bit more fun than the US so
Rachel and I had an extra two bonus
things that we wanted to add and you're
probably thinking why didn't this
already make the list but we just
figured that it was so obvious and that
is number one the beaches the beaches
here just so I mean I mean it's no
comparison to a memory
to many places but I did go to char cow
and that is literally unreal like you
won't find a place like that anywhere in
the states and I know it's you can't
really compare it it is ver on an island
and you know that's why it's kind of
obvious but it's so beautiful everywhere
I go is so beautiful I do think that the
Philippines has the best beaches in the
world and I've been to Thailand to
Hawaii to Australia to all the other
places you know
Mauritius everywhere and it's got nice
beaches the caribbean I've been all over
and to me the Philippines has the best
beaches in the world yeah I used to
always want to go beg my parents let's
go to Hawaii like why do you want to go
to Hawaii it's the same as the
Philippines like I just never understood
but after being here and like really
seeing the beaches it is so amazing I
don't think anything else could compare
and the last one that we're gonna throw
out there again quite obvious we didn't
want to add this to the top 12 but it's
just in general true and that is a lot
of things are way cheaper in a
Philippines there are certain things
that are more expensive but on sort of
like a day to day basis things that you
yeah especially if you're vacationing
there's very little that when you're on
vacation here that wouldn't be cheap or
hotel rooms you know the hotel we're in
right now is like if it's in a great
location tons of restaurants around is
$18 per tonight you know $18 yeah and
it's so clean and it's so nice in the
States you pay $18 for a motel room and
you like sleep with a guy Thanks okay
sharing a bed in prison all right thanks
for watching guys please click the
notification bell if you'd like to get
notified when we upload our next videos
Rachel and I just finished a music video
together for the song a little red
Corvette it's a cover of the prince song
also featuring the Sam come on robot and
Isabella de Leon so yeah check that out
it's a notification bellow subscribe and
thanks for watching it thank you
we'd love to know if there's anything
else besides those top 12 or 14 that you
feel like you like better about the
Philippines
