whoo what's up everybody it's your
friendly neighborhood dog that goes back
again with another reaction video as
always by my side
hi Sam hot sam and today we're coming at
you what's up a little bit different
this is the abs-cbn summer station ID
I'm probably going to slaughter the
pronunciation pronunciation of the same
it's what I can't can I try a cow on
Sunshine Coast is song Pamelia kayo sure
whatever that was slow that was like me
saying hello everyone welcome comes
knuckles tv.if Agra design that's I'm
analyzing that's for me like by my side
hot sam hot fam okay okay this is the
leg video a lot of yellow asked us to do
reaction to this and it looks like from
the thing that I saw what was it also
the thumbnail or something I was reading
in the section down here it looks like
there's a bunch of people in this yeah
boy man pH who else is in this no Vince
am ryan from TNT so it looks like it's
doing pretty interesting there's also
some people in it that we don't know
hopeful so that's always fun
they always love me people the only
thing that sucks about that is we're
gonna no idea who they because like in
the video unless of like specifically
says yeah their name everything will
have no idea that you don't love these
videos are watched are like really good
about putting the names of I don't think
about this is like a station ID it's
like one of those like tags for like I
don't know it's weird like I was reading
about it because apparently there's been
a bunch of these like they've made some
2012 or something wrong but let's go
ahead and check it out and see what's
going down with those something talked
more about it later after we see the
oh yes
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
laughing up user down yeah imagine what
I'm doing this please wake up with my
hammer
uni-baby
[Music]
[Applause]
mr. McCullers
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
I'm thinking how everybody that was on
that's what I'm thinkin but there's like
so many artists because I boy damn th
that was a show right they were made on
a show and then no gain Froylan and Sam
are on TNT and I know T and he was on
abs-cbn yeah I think it seems like a lot
of stuff that we feel like is that like
the main network in the Philippines or
something because it seems like
everything is on abs-cbn give the weird
thing is we have like ABC and CBS CB
idea and so it's what I must sell
everything and in there but there's
three separate network of them they're
all three huge and you like so for this
one to be like yeah everything I've
gotten pretty good at thing with an iPod
I'm not taking it um we ending at a
means I don't know I don't know what
that means but it like so many times we
have you know let's see boy being pH
we've heard it before okay so if you
know Big Brother I think is what this is
PDV I think is Big Brother I don't know
I know they have Big Brother like their
own version of Big Brother which I love
Big Brother and it could be boyband it
could be that whatever big four is and
then we know Nova the same a frail and
hottest teen stars sue Ramirez we've
seen yes crystal we haven't seen
Charlene Alexa Karen you Lana
none of those we've seen there's a lot
of people but it's like super happy
super like happy like infectious like I
couldn't even say anything during the
video because it was like I don't know
what to say I was like I just feel like
how on the floor like Oh was it even
like I wasn't even like that like it
wasn't even like
and this is like an amazing performance
because it was like oh it was good yeah
but it wasn't like you know it was more
of like a catchy like yeah fun like it
had like I'm like somebody yeah maybe I
need to say I want to sing along and has
that like infectious vibe though really
like upbeat happy like it reminded me of
the song happy yeah you know what I mean
we're like we're like you don't you're
just like doing a song you know what I
mean
and uh I don't know I don't get what
what the it's a summer station ID so I
don't know if it's just showcasing a
bunch of different talent that's been on
the station or what that is or like why
they do this every year it's like
welcome to summertime yeah I mean yeah
but it's for the network like I'm saying
like this video specifically for the
network so I'm saying like I wonder why
they do these over here I don't know it
might just be a fun thing they do
I'm just saying cuz I don't think we've
ever seen I don't know this commercials
we have where it's like different stars
from the network oh yeah literally a
song like that I don't think I don't
know I don't like it up there probably
is but nothing that's been like you
doing something yeah it felt very like
Disney yeah I felt very like poppy but
nothing on like our main channels like
this I'm like if NBC or CBN to that or
CD as to that I'd be like I think we've
had commercial it seems that are kinda
like that but it's not like singing
people like oh yeah if you're like me
friending that's all but it would be
like cheery horse and you need like a
political statement from actors and
actresses like Human Rights Campaign
today I'll talk about just for like a
network I'm talking about like for for
CBS ABC something like that like not
like for like a specifically you know
yeah like I don't know but I'm talking
I'm like if NBC if they had like people
from Biggest Loser or like you know
Devine or like CBS they appeal from Big
Brother like all singing for like the
CBS network yeah it would be weird when
I'll everywhere yeah because I'm trying
to like what are some other reality
shows I'm a race and whatever certainly
survivor looking so much
stick it out there from Survivor and
whenever the
we're yeah yeah I don't know that is
weird
especially if they can't sing well
that's one thing because like I can't
think of anything insane because I'm
saying I can't think of like any shows
or anything that would be like multiple
shows on one network but the voice is on
one leg with American Idol and wrecking
idols gone dang is like whenever they
did that they would all come together
and they would like do like a song all
together to like open up the show yes
but something more American Idol not for
Fox all right that's on the phone
fantastic all the other like because
there's a lot of music shows and on the
same network
yeah where's like I'm thinking the
voices on what NBC and then are there
any other stations what I'm singing
shows are there now next factor mom
different network yeah and then there's
a where computer talent because I
imagine like America's Got Talent it
would be like one of those accents like
the dogs in the dance or something I
think you know the people saying Andy
baby is doing better I don't know I just
think it's a really cool thing it makes
me like want to see like people from Law
& Order and so yeah it sounds like a
just like a commercial town I don't know
I'm just imagining all the crazy so we
can see in like one of my networks who
did this yeah I don't know I think it'd
be weird so I think we really fun I
think it'd be fine you know just did a
commercial kind of like this where they
did like you know HBO has this what do
you call white noise sound words like we
never hear so they had all the different
people from like HBO shows yet so like
all the people in Game of Thrones they
had like John Oliver like all these
people that I like you would never see
them like in character doing the sound
and like doing their thing and they did
it as part of like their new lineup
coming out I thought I was really cool
and it kind of made me think of this
that's really go home okay I haven't
seen that I need anything with that up
we'll check that up but like I do I will
play before we in this I'm a rap
sacrifice but I will say that I think
people in the Philippines are you know
that are like lower singers and stuff
like that and like not as well known
they have more of a spotlight I was like
lower singers like like usually like
mode yeah let's don't sing uh they they
get more of a spotlight there I feel
like then like they would here because
here it's like you always hear about the
mainstream pop stars and they're
involved in the media and they are doing
this and that they're on the radio
whereas in the Philippines like we just
hear people that are like kids and like
you know just I think you're saying
because but I don't think they're just
so the random people either because
these were all these big stars yeah like
these were all people we've seen
performing in other areas as well like
the ones that we know it bored me mph
and stuff they're like bigger now
yeah I'm saying that we've seen on a
million things now yeah I'm saying
there's bigger ones on there but after
that there's people there saying what
what I'm getting at is what I'm getting
at is I agree with what you're saying
but I think what it is because
especially from what we've seen in the
Philippines it's like they have way more
music related shows look because like
there's so many talented artists in the
Philippines we get started musicians
like they have kids singing they have
teens again they've adult singing like
they're singing on variety shows they're
singing on you know what I mean like
they have karaoke bars for like talk
shows and stuff you know I mean like
it's just so inundated in the culture
and like everything we see but I think
that's why I think it's because we see
it in everything yeah whereas like here
like unless you're watching like The
Voice or like a show that's specific
like I don't feel like we have those
much unlike all of our shows you know
what I mean yeah I think that's that's
what that's why because I get what
you're saying like we see a lot more
artists that are showcased throughout
everything from like lower known singers
like listen and figures to like huge
stars like it's all over yeah
which is cool because that means we get
to see like new artists all-time I feel
like every time I watch a video now
we're like oh this is I'm going to never
seen before you know what I mean yeah
it's like we're consulates like how many
of these people in here that we had
we've never seen before like over hats
that's what I'm saying like and we've
been doing reactions to looking a base
artists other they say what I'm saying
there's just more people showcase oh
yeah
but I'm saying it's because it was like
so many shows yeah like there's so much
stuff we have yet to even like there's
just so many talents with the flip the
thing I'm like we just getting this
energy not the logo and when we got in a
thirty people they call me
like everybody knows who Sergey is I'm
ago and I just found out like I didn't
even know or who is the only girl
Katrina Katrina belated but the one girl
I think she's saying Moana not the girl
in wish but something go on and sing it
for Asia but there was the girl who did
it at that the Disney show I forget who
it was I can't remember her name now but
like everybody was like she's like a
huge deal I need to go back and look her
up because people want us to do more
reactions of her as well but I feel like
wool like stumble onto an artist and the
people feel like oh like yang like we
did we believe her like to yank times he
was like I love enlisting her for like
10 year she's my idol little Michael say
she's like that they're like her top
singer exactly I'm like we just found
sick you know like Erik Santos like we
had no clue who he was but those like we
heard one time like he was amazing and
then it's like everybody knew who he was
it was crazy
yeah I don't know I love it I want to
find every artist that we can find
because I've yet to really find more
than like two artists I didn't like
honestly yeah I think bazan been too and
in the nearly what 50 to 100 artists so
we seen in total
yeah somewhere in there so even remember
everybody because yeah so many that's
the big thing cause like I we were
talking about and I don't want to keep
doing the same but we are talking about
our top female and male singers that the
long ago and like I could believe you
forgot about Froylan but I loved him and
I completely forgot about him am I on my
guys list yeah because he was like one
of the best that I'd ever heard I just
don't think it's possible to pick a top
for me there's just so many talented
artists and that's where you're getting
it from the from the lowest to the
highest as far as like popularity and
it's like there's so many different
genres and like they sing so many
different styles and I kind of feel like
I don't know you put it really really
well what was it it's like picking your
favorite youtubers like there's millions
of them
you know what I mean there's millions of
youtubers out there you can't take your
favorite ones for different categories
it's the same thing for like musicians
and stuff because you you look for
differently good every time but anyway
just a lot of way to go relations at the
end day we have fun just talking about
this stuff behind the scenes hopefully
you guys enjoy seeing us kind of delve a
little deeper on this one but let us
know what you thought in the comments
down below
those any of the videos you'd like us to
see if you liked this video click that
like button it's times we're touching
that everything does if you want to see
our future videos give that subscribe
button a big old hug and walking in Sam
thanks for coming hanging out with us
and I don't know
