[Applause]
so that I miss you it's been away
what is up guys welcome back to that
ethany show oh my goodness I haven't
said that in the longest time but guys
I'm very excited because sabias is back
with another music video I am so happy
to see so many of the sub young fans on
my channel DME comm another video it's a
Anthony please react to it
allahumma labbaik the downfall of this
one is there is no English subtitles in
a sense where it's not for sure for sure
but I do have the auto translated ones
so let's just get straight into this
video this video came out at 2 a.m. it
was the premiere but I missed it here in
Los Angeles California the u.s. react
should get excited get from get some
agua get some food and get some snacks
and get ready guys I've told this all
translations as well cuz if it doesn't
I'm gonna look like a dumb-dumb and
things are not gonna go well but guys
let's get to the video but if you need
on my channel up above I have a sob yawn
playlist so go check it out and please
if you need my time I'll hit that
subscribe button for more of these bills
come on would you wanna see that on my
youtube channel hit that like button for
more and share please I've got output to
one and yeah just gets me back feels too
good
feels too good
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so doesn't look too sad
interesting that's Avion Sammy oh oh wow
look at that look at that effect know
[Music]
you used to dream
where is that
[Music]
[Applause]
give a divine call it's like a religious
song
[Music]
oh yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
so relaxing such a chill song
are they bilasa translations here what
the heck happened go back to English sad
gone looks like she has no problems
oh I did not dream about what's it
called I forgot who stir
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
don't tell me they're gonna make that
into real life okay
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
some yarn
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
No
Wow so live bike guy is a good lab
that's how you know it's not the right
translation
[Applause]
so that I miss you it's been a while go
into your heart go because of God's
calling Oh give orders God will take
care of you
[Applause]
peace
[Applause]
[Music]
whoa
[Music]
well
tell
look at this drawing like how do they do
that feel like a cinematic film I could
go to sleep in peace right now
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
seven you're making me proud
you're making me proud I have to go see
sabe on missus Abhiyan sabe on everyone
in Indonesia I have to see you guys it
will happen I promise I won't visit
Indonesia
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so fun fact did you know her name is not
Saab young Saipan is a group B like
Anthony I already knew that tell me
about it
oh there's exclamation right what is
going there's an exclamation mark going
on man some cheese on my channel link
will be on the description down below go
check it out for yourself yes it is
shipped worldwide did you get in the
Philippines wherever you are in the
world get ready for our meeting read
more information and enjoy the video
starting right now
alright guys like oh so bright oh yeah
oh yeah yeah like what I was saying guys
I just just look at this song didn't
really have to deal with any like issues
going on but it was more like a happy
song like the song she made before this
one that one was more like it was a song
about a problem that was going on but
here is a song and that's more joyful
more peaceful more relaxing and it was
just about religion and the emphasis of
religion inside beyond story guys that's
how I interpreted that's how I
interpreted the song once again nailed
it like all her other songs such a very
smooth calm and just stunning voice for
littmus sabi on like she is so young
like I think she is my 8 I think she's
actually 1 or 2 years younger than me
I'm 20 years old and think she's like 2
years younger than me so she's doing so
many big things like who knows what the
next video is coming out but guys I just
wanted to leave it in a note where me
saying that guys if another Simon video
comes out that you guys want me to react
to please please please please please
please send me a PM comment on one of my
videos follow me on social media at the
MU saying Anthony please react to this
and that I will do it guys I'll let you
know even though I've been pretty busy
but I'm always gonna make time for you
guys time for Savion and I just want to
say how awesome the Savion fans
like brah like the sob young fans are
there so I just like I love seeing all
the comments in Saab Young's video
that's like the true support everything
is all thumbs up people have the the
crying emoji people have the number one
top trending number one top trending
number two any like Sarah Palin is like
making a mark and impact in this world
I'm happy to say and remember people
your legacy goes on by the impact you
make so please make an impact in this
world and Simon is doing it so well
that's such a young guy he's very happy
for it guys and that is it for this
video guys if you needed my channel
please it would mean the world to me if
you hit the subscribe button on the go
to 50,000 subscribers guys please please
please come what you want to see next
hit that like button for more and what
and share peas are guys they are zone
and I'll see you on my next video
[Music]
[Music]
