[Music]
what's up guys J today we'll be checking
out video cord proof America's Got
Talent
it's fake Simon Cowell reacted edited
drink muscle detour recs Got Talent
champions quite a long title obviously
for keywords give more traffic to your
videos next channel i'm shoutout to the
person who linked me this video this is
basically proof that America's Got
Talent have been I want to say tricking
us pretending that this is a legitimate
talent competition when begged parlor
there nothing we take away from the show
should ever be considered truthful when
you have your own hidden agenda making
out that it was the contestants but the
reason they lost when in fact it was
indeed your own I'm still kind of pissed
off about the previous video that I
watched eyes chickened out I'll pin it
in the comments below but when do you
guys sit with this video I think this is
a another reaction channel by the name
of react to the world shout out to you
guys hopefully you don't complain
directly for reacts to this video
disclaimer I don't usually react to
other reactors videos and this is
someone that I actually know in person
but because this has been such a [ __ ]
show I need to see this for myself and
because this channel has been thoughtful
enough to make it show us exactly what
has been going on with this whole hit
show on the show I figured it's better
just to react to this rather than doing
on the resuits yourselves considering
I've been very busy at work I don't have
a lot of hours I've been kind of behind
on the show as you can tell I only
reacted to the must little performing
explanation few minutes before us and
apparently you guys have known for the
last three days so I'm going to check
this out and video
still mastered Li and we're gonna fall
with a reaction to a reaction you see we
just didn't react to damar stilletos
final performance on America's Got
Talent champions you say Beauty the
Beast
oh my lord yes buddy good it was my
first time watching this channel by the
way sir
nostalgic memory of that movie when it
first came out and I saw in the theater
and it was just so touching because you
know yeah I don't remember as a child so
I want to make this video afterwards
because I know there's been a lot of
controversy this year around what's been
going on with Marcelino yeah I've been
hearing an old my comments while I'm at
work
champions more drama than I've ever seen
for this show and now I'm starting to
think that I side with the people
because so far I've been trying to be
very strict about what I talk about and
what I speculate on yeah jumping to
conclusions about like how America's
about talent has something out for
Angelina or yes that's kind of what I've
been over the last couple of years of
reacting to these shows the show is
already pre-recorded the winner was
already determined and all these things
have already been mapped out so a lot of
the interviews a lot of what people are
saying is recorded afterwards as a way
to support this narrative the story line
should telling but but I am starting to
think that they are going too far with
the manipulation for the show
manipulation that was the word I was
looking for earlier we're going to
performance comments right you know I
was kind of joking about man he always
dresses like he's just wearing a t-shirt
and this is a finalist everyone looks
beautiful
and then he makes this one-off comment
about how you know Marcelino is gonna
have a big career headed I'm like cuz I
think you've got massive career in front
of you I really really do
yeah I swear I've heard this before
he said something like this before no I
went online I checked and sure enough he
not only said this before it was the
exact same clip from another show you've
got a massive career in front of you I
really really do they really are you
serious I was wondering why that
particular path sounded money I thought
you know just giving a member of mine so
the editors did a poor job on stitching
those clips together thing is they
wouldn't have been out to get away with
this rephrase that obviously haven't
gotten away of this it's the same
clothes so the illnesses the thing is if
they were to do that ten years ago
possibly do I mean we don't know how
many times I've done this throughout
these competitions this is the
semi-finals here all right
as you can see what the judges are
weighing Howie Alisha right Heidi
wearing that green beautiful I want to
say beautiful but you know it's pretty
loud the dress okay I'm gonna pause I
don't usually pause my reactions because
it's kind of a hassle for me to edit
when I'm spear on time but if this was
ten years ago and they did this exact
same edit or master detour and their
muscles getting that many views online I
don't think they would have noticed it
because one they were reactors reacting
to content on YouTube to the extent more
actually not to the extent they were no
reactors but they would have gotten
way back then because we really have
access to watching these shows online
into certain segments over and over
again whereas today we can just go back
watch the clip as many times as we like
and eventually is someone who haven't
world's going to notice especially us
reactors people that edit videos we're
going to notice little things like this
that makes you wonder what else not
being done there's great t-shirt so
that's what he wore in the semifinals
and the finals all the other judges here
are wearing something different how is
wear a different suit Alisha
maybe he's like the mom to be clear I
like to wear a lot of the same thing but
I have multiple of the same thing but
there's a people it's man two different
days yeah yeah choice to wear the exact
same yeah it's a fair point I knew they
copied it so the question is do they
fake Simon's comments in the semifinals
or do they fake his comments I shouldn't
be like this cuz it is kind of
frustrating especially for these artists
singers this is a close-up shot where
he's saying that right so if you notice
on the left part that's Heidi's arm
right no sleeve yeah so when he's saying
I think you've got a bright future it is
from the finals but if you go back and
you take a look at what he said in the
semifinals you see part of her arm to
[Music]
dress which means now that the
semi-final reactions were faked
what's the point I just I still to
understand point why are they doing it
like this why please tell me have an
answer they don't want Simon's reaction
and commentary to come through why
really use something even we know
television is about this drama in many
ways fake drama so I'm not here to act
surprised like wow yeah yeah yeah yeah
because I already made a couple of
videos recently that goes into the
extent that they are faking stuff yeah
different crowd reactions right yeah
I've noticed as two throughout watching
performances on these shows this taking
real arauco on expected UK I noticed
straight away wind it was cutting from
it was the end of a performance they
were grabbing reactions that just didn't
seem like genuine reaction that you
would make in that moment why she's
hitting those notes like it would come
back to people standing and cheering
clapping while she's still singing the
song people sitting in their seats so I
kinda get where he's going this but it
makes you think to what extent are they
doing this the fact that they're doing
this for comment the thing is I don't
mind so much for the reaction because if
you kind of class it as b-roll
as this thing is performing even though
the camera should be on the artist the
entire time maybe a few times the judges
necks it this is just annoying how about
at me right now things out of sequence
but now we see a pattern of things that
Marcelino has to suffer through and this
is why some in the fans are upset
I mean at this point this video is as
much for the people that are running a
GT as it is to our fans because I'm
talking to you know you guys now a GT
like your manipulation of what we see
let's be honest the show [ __ ] a GTV what
is this shows [ __ ] is [ __ ] it's not a
genuine singing competition no talent
cop doesn't want to call us
I don't think they're so crazy I
honestly think like you guys are taking
it way too far well just be honest about
what show you actually yes you can tell
he's lamenting what he does feel like I
can't he wants to get a clean first off
right boom the golden buzzer issue if
you watch my video about the golden
Buzzard I happen to catch that
Marcelino wasn't given a golden buzzer
because they changed the story on him he
was not the first act that you saw on
television in real life right um I went
to the show boom and confirm no
Marcelino performed like halfway through
the show the golden buzzer was already
given away to somebody who's giving away
to bookie storm but on the TV show they
made it sound like sorry Marceline we
can't give you the golden buzzer it's
too early in the night they're
manipulating the story and they had to
make sure marshal goes let me change the
format about giving the golden bus away
towards the 8th I'm sure if you just
watched normal television watch this AGT
all the time you don't really bother oh
yeah yeah this is a and you're watching
it over and over again the beatsie
someone's done letters they're doing a
very poor job doing one thing where or
maybe they are getting more and more
aggressive with their tactics I want to
be surprised if the editors get by the
case they think they can get away with
as an example right another scenario
which is the agency never talks about
which is really strange when we heard
about this in the finals is how Simon is
commenting how you know I don't know if
I like that song but it's been pretty
clear in the past that the
production team has a very heavy hand in
terms of determining what song people
sing there's a team of people that
really made sure what you seen is what's
gonna get the best ratings stole my
sleek tools no it's a single prayer so
obviously he chose us I don't know you
can't tell me that they chose a song and
they said we could obscene price of the
show I feel like it's half and half like
they'll choose a song okay you can
choose a song and okay you sing it
choose a song no you can't sing that one
you have to take this llama because he
likes Marceline or not he says because I
think what I say here is going to add to
the story that I think is going to
create the most maybe this wasn't
awesome findings it was alright I know a
lot of you fans out there are going to
say well marcelina was picked out
because of this they don't like
Marcelino I could tell you right now
Marcelino it is a consistent pattern
that over the years that one or two
performers have started to say like you
know what they made me had to do this
they mainly had to do that and then when
I did it they would criticize me yeah a
areata it just seems like it's starting
to get revealed right more and more
people starting to share I feel like
they have to say something because what
you see here isn't representative what
Marsha little wants to do when the
feature the show is about what they want
to do that's where I mean like if the
show just want us a head we help work
with them we coach them we help say we
recommend this very different story but
that's not what they're saying they're
saying well you made a bad song choice a
big problem with this song choice isn't
whether or not marshal IDO want to see
this of a song it's one of those things
again a big issue this here's what I'm
understanding is its rights clearance
that the producers are sure could have
cleared a right to the song that he want
to do and the rights issue this year
seems to be in a really really bad spot
I mean we're talking about 11 acts so
far their videos are no longer online
wait look yeah when you literally have
twenty-five percent of all your acts
because there's only 40 contestants in
this show it's a very condensed show and
they can't get their videos online
because of rights issues that's a big
big problem especially when a show like
this is predicated on people performing
their material and now agencies
manipulating the story in order to cover
some of that and then to create more
drama the manipulation here is going May
is the biggest [ __ ] [ __ ] initially I was
really well is it again like like the
couple notifications from Chanel and
make reaction and that's going to give
them lots of money right yes exactly so
it is working I mean by far people are
tuning into our videos affects many
people so I think John aren't you just
adding to the drama I think it's a valid
concern like I think you've explicit in
this video I love the fact that they're
giving these people who are on discover
people who never get a chance to come to
America showcase exactly you can't treat
them like this we're using our voice I
want to avoid something I was dragged
have channels like artists the kind I
should probably keep what I said is
video I've had like 15 copyright so
exciting care display marcelina was
portrayed in a bad light here right
people love him which is you know one
thing that you can argue it like well
it's just television but I could tell
you from in the past acts have come
forth and said they came to me in such a
bad light it ruined my career like I
have a problem with that
right it's bad it makes me think about
like how we do these kind of reactions
and a future like we just react to the
performance itself and try to avoid all
the drama or oh just change the content
I've time analysis it's work make some
pretty valid points pretty decent
Channel pleasantly surprised seems very
knock use right it's literally like five
sections of Simon seeing the exact same
thing but if they're willing to go that
far what do they cut out from what he
did say see you have to be they say it's
entirely put me off music shows I think
it's the last time to be reacting to
anything from these shows and this is
someone I know personally pretty much
exposed to everything some of those have
that and even though I'm bad this video
exists otherwise I would have been
searching all night trying to figure out
what how was going on
if this doesn't put you off supporting
these shows I don't know what well
because if they did all this to suit the
narrative you would have been better off
going with the happy ending approach
giving the title to the most deserved
talent this would have been everywhere
technically this is still everywhere but
at least it would have been on a
positive note you wouldn't have so many
Filipinos [ __ ] on this entire
process the competition it's almost
gotten to the point where I'm
questioning son's intelligence when it
comes to making these decisions although
I didn't know about the other
contestants not being posted see there
kind of puts a folds in my theory about
the whole view camp because if they're
not being shared online then it's kind
of unfair to say there must little
scheme more using these two contestants
with videos and even online there's
still a lot of unanswered questions and
I don't think that either going to
address any of this will sue know if
they take note of these observations
from everyone who's been putting up
videos based on must lead up all my
experience on the
show because we'll all be given
copyrights tracks I feel like it's just
a matter of time that's if that real
[ __ ] about this
I mean I'll still like to think that
there's a reasonable explanation for
this but I don't think there is enough
with the fake edits and laughs with the
fake comments let's just keep it real
real competition real artists real
singing give us a real winner give them
a real contract give them a real push to
succeed is an industry just be real good
at doing that and everything will be cut
line
[Music]
