[Music]
you guys are always speaking about how
when I come to the Philippines you have
I experience the hospitality and so far
my experience has been
[Music]
hey YouTube done here from an EAP films
official and welcome to another
spontaneous livestream I thought I would
do this because I know a lot of you just
seen the vlog that was released on this
day which is basically me meeting Regine
plus obviously the concert itself so I
thought you know this is kind of a big
deal people you guys obviously have been
very keen on commenting on the video so
I thought you know what you might have a
lot of questions you are answering and
obviously it's a big deal for me to have
been able to achieve that and witnessed
Magina live so I thought I would do this
live stream so we can interact have some
fun and just chat about my time there
really so just a hello to everyone in
the house again you'll probably see in
the corner here nomes this way isn't it
there's all the live chat going on so
I'm currently gonna be scrolling through
that just to say just catch up really
and all the the messages so a lot of it
is hello so hello everyone hello hello
hello someone said a minute ago I saw
about hope I'm enjoying my stay as you
can tell I'm no longer in the
Philippines is in no number of weeks now
Jonathan has says your friend I didn't
come to the Philippines and a question
mark
I do address this in my third vlog
unfortunately he didn't make
is just a circumstance so I travel on my
own
Shh Justine loves vagine thanks for
tuning in and wow there's a lot of you
joining in a live stream thank you so
much I guess for a lot of you it's
pretty light right now I've had to do
some stuff today so this is kind of the
earliest I can get here for shout out
again to Justine Justine likes to leave
a lot of Shantay comments it's good most
I got a cold and I'm still coughing my
lungs up Wow
okay so some people still watching the
vlog Wow
[Music]
hello wow you from Hampshire hello Megan
from London so we have a couple of I was
gonna say English but that's not one end
a couple of people living in England
watching one live stream so thank you
for checking out hello ji Carlo Carlo is
also said are you going to watch
Morissette so the concert in February
I am really considering it is the show
so I've got a lot to work out and try
and fit in so it's really up in the air
that moment like I can't give a
definitive answer well the answer is yes
I would love to but the logistics of it
I don't know we'll have to see okay so a
lot of yeah there's so many of you
commenting is difficult to keep up with
the comments okay anyway so as I've said
I'd love to talk about my time at the
concert and I know the blog itself about
20 minutes long and I was hoping to do a
full concert reaction but a few things
covered those chances the first thing
was we weren't allowed cameras in there
which is why it was filmed on the phone
secondly we obviously have restrictions
on the amount of battery life on a phone
so I have to watch what I was doing bare
your mind guys but
to cut during that day the concept was
obviously in the evening but I was that
project pearls on the morning I had
jolly be in the afternoon and then the
constantly evening find a very long day
so my phone battery was like really not
great that said we did harmful Elaine's
phone as well so we was able to capture
a bundle of stuff and I did have a
portable charger with me but it wasn't
charging fast enough from the matter of
filming I wanted to do so yeah I
couldn't do that but all is not lost
because as you might know I guess I did
do a live audio reaction so I have the
entire concert recorded on sound but I'm
currently waiting for a good copy or the
vive official release video to be able
to put my audio to the video to get a
live audio reaction and now I thought
well half of the time a lot of my
reaction is purely in the facial
expressions not so much the voice so
then I was thinking well how am I going
to do this because I might be reacting
really well I could be crying I could be
laughing but you won't see it you'll
just hear just the songs playing so I
thought maybe the best way to do the
reaction video is to do a mean reaction
so what I would do is basically do what
normally do watch the video react to it
but then also play my audio as well so
you get my reaction telling you guys my
thoughts well as feeling at the time and
all that kind of stuff along with my raw
reaction and then the video playing as
well so I'm still like I said I'm still
trying to work out how I'm doing that in
terms of the videos because the video is
not that many there's a lot a lot of
vermin performance videos but not any
real like full concert videos so I'm
still waiting for that but for the first
four first I think the first two or
three songs if I'm not even there and it
was when the lights went down and the
atmosphere was getting more intense
people were starting to cheer
and go excited and I was just at they're
like man this is really cool I'm
starting to buzz at this point and then
the the big screens behind on stage
we're like doing their thing the music
was coming in I was like wow this is
really really cool steer the TV went up
and ouch reveals Regine and the dancers
and oh my god for the first like I said
the first two or three songs I was
absolutely speechless I had a lump in my
throat I could I couldn't say anything
my reaction audio is nothing for the
first whenever that was ten minutes of
the of the concert I really couldn't
speak I was so excited and I was shaking
with like I can't believe this is
happening
I've been watching the gene for a year
and a half on YouTube on this screen and
it's just not the same and to to find
myself in the in the audience watching
because the thing with reaction is as
you guys have seen the shows and the
concerts and you know all the
performances before and you're sharing
it with me to see how I react but being
in the in the audience at that time none
of you have seen what I've seen all
going to see we're all in that together
and that was exciting as well because no
one knew what to expect and it was just
really exciting ah by just catching up
with a few comments Megan says he even
spoke to Oggy I did I spoke to him
actually before we before we meet
aubergine and Oggy and pretty much all
of a family I did actually have some
correspondence with Oggy on Twitter and
a fire message group but then if they
noticed the machine and Oggy both follow
me on Twitter asked after I asked them
really nicely and they fair place than
they'd they did so I managed to send
some messages to them and stuff so it's
kind of nice that they remembered me and
yeah I realize it felt pretty good just
to be in the concert and Pete
or not not just people like in the
audience for people backstage knew who I
was and that helped me get through the
security it helped me get pushed here
there and everywhere and you know I was
waiting for about an hour hour and a
half I'm tonight I've lost track of time
it was well over the end of the concert
anyway and we just waited and waited I
had different people from production
asking have I seen regime yet I've been
backstage how about you know just
constantly trying to keep me updated
before we even got that through so it
was with them it was nice that people
knew who I was I think it did help if I
was just a random person I think and I
tried to you know give a gift to Regina
the way that I did I don't think it
would have happened so just count my
blessings really I'm just really
grateful for that chance
Marvin asked did she get the shirt she
did I gave her again my gift I didn't
know what size she was it's kind of the
reason why I got into though me as well
because I wanted to turn to have the
surprise of what it is without the
saying what it was so I said to okie I
said what the sighs shirt does regime
where and gave him a list of choices
because I didn't know what size she is
and I had a office league I don't wanna
buy one shirt of every size because it
just cost me forward to but I did buy
two shirts and two different sizes and
the same shirt just didn't sizes oh I'm
hoping one more fitter to be honest you
know I probably
dr. kanta for some reason wait well I
was getting warm in here I'm gonna say
guys Bala asked want to know what kind
of phone do I use the most part it was
this it's a samsung galaxy s5 and for
the bits where I met Regine that was and
then the very end well
outside the concert venue talking
about what just happened that was all
shot an iPhone big difference in quality
don't know why that was I presume the
iPhone would default to 1080p or at
least 720p HD but I don't know I'm a
little bit sad that the quality was as
low as it was but I'd rather have
something than nothing I profile emojis
blending me Afonso as says did you watch
the second day when she did you do it I
didn't see the second day I did see
another comment about Morissette or
something so that ties into this answer
as well I didn't have chance to meet
Morissette after our 30 because by the
time I got back stage and stuff she'd
already gone but I did meet her the next
day it wasn't that Arthur she was at SMX
Convention Center so whilst I didn't see
our 30 on the second night I did get
chance to meet Morissette so that's
still a win for me
oh no I really enjoy reading your
comments I can't always respond to
everyone like it's so many of them it
just I'd literally get I don't know time
to do anything to be honest but every
video I upload I do read every single
comment and I'm I'm so grateful for all
the support you've been given me I'm so
thankful for all the kind words and all
the messages you've been sending me as
well and it's been nice it's I feel I'm
in two minds about this whole trip I'll
be honest I'm really happy that I got to
do everything I wanted to do and more
but a lot of you have said to me oh yeah
we were following you for so long on
YouTube and you so deserve this and
that's what makes me a little bit sad
because do I deserve it I mean you the
ones that have been following Regina for
twenty thirty years I've been following
her for a year you know I don't feel
like I deserve to meet the Queen and do
all the things that I've managed to
achieve that's really all for you you're
the guys that deserve to have all that
and some of you have said how you know
you've been watching that watching
Regine for all these years and you've
never had a chance to meet her so much
through you haven't even been seen alive
and I feel I feel bad that I've had that
chance and not anybody else so do I
deserve oh I don't really know I feel
very blessed to have had the chance I
feel very lucky to open up to do it but
I don't think I deserve it
jaspera has asked do I get to eat balut
I did and that vlog will be released or
will not be released give me a moment
I'll find out for you that vlog will be
released
Thursday next week so quite a long way
isn't it there's a lot more vlogs coming
guy that's why there's a lot more vlogs
I was a bit Morissette and you check my
own set for how many minutes done I've
chatted with Morissette well the video I
have with Morissette my vlog is about 15
minutes and most of that is Morissette
so I guess between 15 20 minutes in
total and she's absolutely lovely a
happy kid has asked me for some advice
in good phones that are good at filming
I'm not really a phone reviewer I
haven't used a lot of phones on the
market I've had this for years like I
say it's an s5 so you know I don't I
don't dislike the iPhone I think the
iPhone is a lot of money for what it is
I don't I think it's a waste of money
for what what's on it
but the saying that the camera is very
good but I'm sure the s7 on the SI so I
don't even know I climbed a wall phones
are out there there's so many of them I
just say um a recent phone a newish
phone and I don't think amigo wrong
front cameras are never that great
anyway always fine so as long as the
back cameras good matters
mark has says what does your wife say
about the experience she's still
watching it she hasn't seen she's seen
up to the end of the Morissette vlog and
there's still another four vlogs beyond
map that she hasn't seen plus ones I
haven't even filmed yet so there's a
pheromone but she's she's quite happy
she's she's been enjoying it anyway she
said she's happy I managed to achieve a
lot of a lot of stuff I wanted to do
Marvin says Jonah will be having a
concert tomorrow at Regina's a guest wow
I'm impressed
who's behind you down a lot of you keep
saying this it scares a life at me
sometimes because nobody's behind me
I just want to check anyway
boom de Guzman says Dan when you're
meant to see me gee my heart is also
pounding as if I were you and when you
hugged I also cried ah bless me do you
know what it was it was so emotional so
unexpected yeah you've seen the videos
in fact shall we see the video again
let's see the video again alrighty so
I'll just scrub through this a little
bit this is obviously walking down the
corridor finally it was funny obviously
you've seen the vlog so I've looked at
this Carla's people either side of the
corridor and I was expecting to be shown
into a room or something I think and
they kind of like went oh you know she's
just there and I was like holy cow there
she is so I was like oh my god I'm so
blind and she laughed I was so
overwhelmed with emotion that I knew
that if I started talking to her or
asking a question or something I would
just start blurting out my tears so the
first thing I could do was just hug her
mmm and she was suffocated the hug which
was lovely this is a moment I started to
realize that if I started to talk to her
I would cry and there's no going there's
no going away from it I had I just had
to do it and I was so embarrassed
because it wasn't just crying in front
of and Jeanne requiring in front of a
whole family and everybody else in that
corridor as well that's me if I enjoyed
it I said I loved it couldn't speak so I
gave in to the hug so I gave her the
gift she didn't open it there but I met
Oogie didn't even know he was there
actually until in that moment obviously
Michele and Leila I just thank show
again for for seeing me cuz she wanted
to go home and she was tired it's late
and that was it look at that stupid grin
so it so incredible living a lot over
again with you guys
isn't this fun ah it's just finding that
weird yeah it was lovely to meet them
all and I didn't expect won't even to be
there really I don't like ice I was
expecting to kinda be shown to a room
you know into the room and should be
stuck there probably get a make them
taken off for what if I don't know what
goes on and you just oh my god she's are
there oh my god oh yeah oh my god
Michelle didn't lay down and Decker and
Diane and a guy who else are there I
can't remember got a smile be friends
are there as well
oh dear there are so many people and I
was just so so taken aback with what was
done I've said it the vlog that I was I
just can't believe the extent people
went too soon to organize this for me
and it was just an incredible experience
but next time if there's next time I'd
like to try and spend a bit more time
with her maybe see if she gets to wear
that t-shirt I don't know it'll be fun
though I think it'd be fun
Don ray Alejandro says what was Regina
saying to you when you met her
well she's thanked me but she's had me
for coming she asked me if I liked the
show to which I replied I loved it in a
crying voice and then I hoped her she
thanked me for the gift and then she
said this is my husband
Michelle Layla thanks again for coming
and then said goodbye it was so short it
was so short and I can't believe that
always all the time has been flying this
trip and finally making that enormous
flight over to the Philippines to find
myself being at Regina's concerts I said
I see meeting you as well for that
moment it was like what was that and
mineus if that I don't even know it just
went so fast and it was all so worth it
as well
yeah I'm emotional again it's just calm
believe sometimes what I've achieved
buddy lunch has asked ask for what I
gave them as a gift I did cover this in
the very first vlog of this Philippines
trip so go and check that out everyone
keeps asking me for the gift
I this is the gift well this is
obviously this is not the gift but it is
the gift it's not it's not the gift
because she has the gift but this is
what she had got a t-shirt with a
graphic on there and my logo as well and
shame on you guys shame for not watching
my vlogs don't watch it back vlog number
one end of the vlog number one go watch
it yes now go
which he says I really really like Yuri
actually when regimes sango the distance
the song you sing it enjoy me do you
know what I'd have all the song yourself
all the songs I wanted to react to on
the night go the distance was that song
which is why in the vlog I had the full
reaction I don't think I filmed myself
at least like as a reaction video for
any part of the show except that moment
I filmed a lot of what was going on
stage and obviously filmed myself in the
vicinity of like the people and the
lights and showing all going on around
me but as a reaction video the go the
distance was the only one that I did
Congrats for my 36 hours 36 hours and
subscribers I'm like wow 36,000 185
that's so wow thank you so much everyone
everyone yeah everyone wants to have
that shirt I only have that one
available now so Regine's got two shirts
and two sizes and then there's that one
as well
I did meet Morissette but it wasn't on
that night I met her the next day at SMX
Convention oh sorry Bella vlog 11 isn't
Morissette well technically she she's in
it but she's she's in the one after that
she's in the preview on the next on the
next video
the next vlog is mine
Helene and marks trip around SM Mall by
MOA
question is asked um I see what kind of
fool of mine what kind of fool I am I
have not done a reaction video for it
and I would love to give you guys first
look at that but I won't
it's not ready yet well it's it is ready
but it's I wanna I wanted to go live at
the right moment but I have done a
reaction for it
happy keen sellers should do another
recording of go the distance well I'll
tell you what I'm gonna be careful wife
saying I have nine because last time I
say things like this I end up doing them
because those things happen if I get to
a hundred thousand subscribers I will
sing a properly recorded version of go
the distance you know to hear first you
heard it here first
and here's another not threat but
incentive I guess to hear me sing if I
reach a million subscribers by this time
next year 17th of November 2018 I will
go back to the Philippines I will go on
the wish bus and I will sing on the wish
bus and I'll do it I don't care anymore
it'll be fun Thank You Jarrod for
watching my vlog many times yeah road to
100k awesome but it only happens if you
guys keep sharing my videos that's all
it takes
sharing them around and getting people
to subscribe to my channel small steps
small steps and Rio has asked what about
banana QM ballot a ballot I had but I
like you on which vlog was on there
block five is it vlog six o blog six
when I went to infamous and balut I
tried my last day in fact my taxi was on
its way to come pick me up when I was
trying it doesn't make any sense
sorry the taxi for me to go to the
airport is coming to pick me up when I
tried balut so there's a few more blogs
yet before that one is shown
Tina's I'll switch between do it did I
enjoy the performance of I really love
Morissette I really loved let me think I
don't think an order of all happening
who sang first comment no sorry guys
then we go back to this vlog and have a
look comment if it a while since I
watched it come on play play play
there we go right so the first person
was Angelina I think wasn't it yeah
yes on the wings of love was an amazing
and regime really really excelled oh the
nose Judy on San Jose singing we shine
again in the powerful song loved it
this would be quite difficult to choose
then I'm not sure how to pronounce our
name is it I sell I sell she's she sang
the next song I'd love that song as well
all the songs I thought were amazing
there was Jonah singing I don't want to
miss a thing that was so endearing and
knowing why know about Jonah that night
that what happened to our life I don't
know how she did it a lot of respect for
my sir I can't pick it I think it
depends on like personal preference on
the song choices because I that all need
to drink sorry they're also good in
their own way I can't pick it I did as a
segment it was absolutely incredible I
just loved it to be found to finish the
entire show I mean there was oke living
his solo performance which I thought was
really fun it's Sarah Jessica I really
enjoyed watching that as well and that
dancing is so colorful it is brilliant
ah Thank You Tina for sharing the videos
in fact if you take me those as well I
can share that as well
about 9 9 tweets on
but yeah so that was kind of my
experience it was an overwhelming one to
finally find myself in the concert hall
watching Regine somebody I've seen on
the internet for the past year and I'm
like watching her performances over a 13
years of being in the entertainment
business and it's weird I said the same
thing as I did when I another wish first
which is which is basically that it was
such a it was it's it's amazing to be
seeing these venues like the wish bus
sing it video after video concerts after
concert on my monitor and then feeling
like I've just dived through my screen
and just actually being there on the
wish bus in MOA and just seeing these
artists like I've never experienced
before and that was an incredible
takeaway to to have that possibly
once-in-a-lifetime chance and meet her
as well how cool is that
Mori gene like it though he's got a
crush on the shirt hey lovey did I get a
chance to see Katrina Velarde I did meet
Katrina as well that was a game just
weirdly coincidental I didn't know she
was going to be at SMX so when I went in
to meet Morissette and I had to wait for
my are essentially made up I heard
somebody singing and in this conference
hall turns out it to Katrina and she was
thinking go the distance
what is it would go the distance I've
sang it twice at the meeting greet
Regina saying it Katrina sang it it's
like it was meant for me really bizarre
and but yeah so after the after she
performed going the distance and I think
she's performed a second song as well
she came out at the front doors again
something I didn't know she would do I
wasn't even looking like in the room at
that point I was having a chat with
somebody and they went all Katrina's
there oh man I was like my god she is
and you've seen the trailer where she
goes oh my god that was literally what
happened after so turn around and she
spotted me and sure oh my god and it all
just happened really quick again but it
she was so lovely as well so lovely hey
Sal by dancing man enter name a cell a
cell Santos awesome
okay stop patches in the sock do you
know what jazz it's a song I don't sound
practice so much but I do I like to sing
around the house I like to sing it in
the car I like to sing in the shower
I suppose do some respect that is kind
of practicing but it's not practicing
for something like an actual public
performance but yeah it's fun to sing I
enjoy it all right then
half an hour has gone by really really
quickly so I'm gonna probably shoot off
now if that's okay where you guys I know
it's quite late for you so gets you're
quite tired now for those who are in the
Philippines anyway if you're Middle East
or in Europe then I guess you got a bit
more time to kill okay a little more
comments just coming through that's true
jazz yeah if I mean if I get a little K
then I will have to include the song too
therefore I will have to practice the
song as well hurshe says can you give a
sample of my girly distance this is what
happened at the meet and greet people
kept asking me and I was like I have to
do it now bunny the drink hold on
I'll do I'll do if you guys just a quick
preview no practising at all today so if
it's really crap then I'm sorry
all right
and I have to try and find the key
immediately as well because I know I
didn't and he's not gonna be it for me
but to be able to hit certain notes so
we'll just see what happens it could be
that of a I have often dreamed of
a far-off place where a hero's welcome
would be waiting for me where the crowds
will cheer when they see my face and a
voice keeps saying this is where I'm
meant to be that's all I'm doing
I don't feel like I got the vocal rain
at the moment to hit the chorus because
I'm obviously got a cough and stuff so
well I'm feeling better I might be
tempted to do a lot more Tina says did
you like the Filioque people knowing you
and want selfies with you
yeah and it's weird because it's not
something that you'd expect or more the
point something that I never expected
happened to me so to have that sort of
response from people to know who are apt
to know who I am and to request selfies
with me was was lovely and it felt it
felt pretty good and I recommend you
guys if you ever find yourself in
situations people asking you photos just
embrace it because it's such a it's such
a lovely feeling to to have that warmth
and support from all your fans and
friends oh happy birthday John
jared says i hope you can sing a tagalog
song if i'm gonna sing a song from in
tagalog well i don't know i need to know
what the range would be i'd like to have
a little color i can't speak the
language so i ended humming the song of
naruto echo which i know is quite a
quite ambitious song so whether one
could hit the notes I don't know but
it's a song that I would like to sing
even though it'll be absolutely terrible
thank you guys thank you very much
French oh yeah I don't plan on singing
on camera very often so grab it while
you can
jess has do you publish your videos and
Facebook by the way the vlogs I do the
reaction videos I don't pee or anything
just the amount that I do is just a lot
of copying and I think on Twitter it
does Twitter when you post on when you
post a video on YouTube it auto post to
Twitter but not Facebook I don't think I
wanna be maybe leaving your comments
always make me smile
good night Mary from Bohol I guess in
about seven hours time you'll have the
new vlog it's honest I'm telling me the
comments it's going so it's so fast
yes Carlo I heard that fourth impact I'm
recording in Miami the moment yeah no me
time ago is quite high isn't it mahal
kita shout-out to Chloe Nicholson to us
is that Chloe or Chloe Chloe Chloe Chloe
could be Clary we're going Chloe I think
it's more common name I guess to say
then Chloe but I could be wrong I'm glad
you're enjoying the vlogs and a Coll
hello Fay hey thank you
ha when will I make a live chat with my
wife
wow that is a good question mainly when
hell freezes over or when there's a
twenty thousand man I don't know guys my
wife is an interesting one because she
she supports what I do on YouTube she's
not really watched and I think any of my
reactions actually it's not something
she had an interest in so she doesn't
really watch them even less being them
she just she so in terms of the YouTube
life and what I done it she's got zero
interest which is another reason why she
didn't come with me to the Philippines
to reason why shouldn't come with me
firstly all my trip was about was given
back to you guys so seeing the concert
meeting Regina if possible beating
Morissette during the meet and greet the
charity work when I saw the Wonder Man
just just things that if we went away
together on a normal holiday we would
necessarily do those things so she
wouldn't I don't think she'd be that
interested in what I was doing and also
she had no more annual leave at work so
she couldn't come even if she wanted to
but it would have saved me a bit of a
house or with my spare plane tickets
like wind in my face right now is white
snow that's actually it's because of the
webcam this is got a light here
maybe I'll tone down just a touch that's
ittle bit wasn't it yeah we'll do that
yes I think I'm back to my wife a moment
so when they were interested in YouTube
all my reactions there's very little
reason for her to be on a livestream I
mean she'll be in them if I just had my
phone doing a live stream on my phone
she'll you know she's in there she's in
there but listen there's a reason for I
don't think she'd wants wants to saying
that if she knew my mum was the same way
my mum was like I don't know why do
reaction videos but she likes the fact
I've got so far with doing them you know
the meta subscribers I've got the
support of gained you know you guys
being and admire is something the
realise after but I've got it off and
banks basically and that's kind of I'm
the having you guys around but when she
did a reaction video with me for
Mother's Day and then she started
getting comments about her about a great
she years at furnishes and all the kind
comments you guys having given her she
said to me Dan I can see why you do it
its own
nice to have that that they've sort
comments such a big confidence boost
doing it makes you feel really good
really good so saying that if I forced
my wife to sit here with me and neither
do a reaction video or do some live logs
she might change her mind and actually
enjoy doing them and you never know we
might start doing like family reactions
could be a thing guys could be a thing
dory Alfaro is put a lot of love eyes
and a lot of angry faces I don't
understand why you've got all those
going on please explain please explain
goodbye to everyone who's leaving and
hello to everyone who's joining ah
yes fair you are white sheet my wife
isn't everyday I did Valentine's Day
who's a obvious Valentine's blog I'd
cook dinner I had about seven cameras
dotted about the room and stuff
capturing our Valentine's be on stuff so
those sort of scenarios where I kind of
force them into the four thirds of vlogs
I can't say she enjoys it because it's
me just the vlog is a bit different it's
like making a little film so she's got
no real desire but doing reactions all
these live streams it's a bit different
it's not been telling a story in the
same way a blog would so it's kind of
nice maybe she'll enjoy it and obviously
the best part about live streaming is
this here he attracts with you guys and
if she's here with me she can interact
me guys you can comment there and stuff
as well so you know I think one or it
being quite a good idea actually to get
involved maybe we just weren't teller
maybe I'll get to watch something oh
here's an idea I could set up a video
that you guys want me to watch and I can
say to Rachael looking down cuz I would
have in this video darling okay good
this is plunker here have all this
screen not on here just to kind of
minimize all my windows and secretly
record everything and see what happens
I think the biggest reaction she'll
probably give is then when I tell her
that she's been recorded live for
YouTube reaction video she might be like
she might look at me as she wants to
kill me and then feel really
uncomfortable maybe we'll do it maybe
we'll do it may be worth it yeah but I
am sure yeah a happy kid says I hope
that you can say who got along going or
next visit to the Philippines it's
something I'm working on I would love to
spend more time there and I am hoping to
be back next year still working at date
still working out money and work and
location I suppose because obviously we
want to go to the beaches so there's a
lot to think about in the next well six
months side one side of them gonna be
nice hello Macky libido from Bangkok I
haven't seen Sarah and magine duet just
yet actually something I could do with
watching actually in de Irene has asked
me just curious Dan how did you meet
mark in the lane or velena Marquez has
read it's not really a very long story
but the story goes that I always come
into the Philippines with my friend Ryan
he couldn't make it so the morning of
the flight when I found out he could
make it I rang a few friends and we
Filipino who are who I subscribe to my
channel and I said look guys here's
situation I'm on my own I need help with
filming the vlogs I need help with just
a companion do you have any brought any
friends or family and the Philippines
who you trust who might be willing to
help me out and then about 10 minutes
later had a call back from Maria who
says Dan
don't worry you sorted I so go to the
airport and there was the line of mark
and they've been with me well mark mark
was with us when he could be he was
working shifts during the week I was
there but Elaine stated me all week and
you know it was great to have her with
me we to show me around to have
translate things and just have the
experience that I thought I had hello M
Mitch pond or Mick pond I'm getting em
on his name on today I should probably
uh know when it comes to English people
we're very phonetic when we read stuff
so I apologize really wrong but he's
from Sydney Australia good I don't why I
said that
are we really insulting God I was asked
if I reacted to my sex rise upon the
wish bus yes I have and it will go live
next week as is Edwin's reaction
requests are what kind of for wire for
regimes second rights are thirty Ron
Rick's rafts has asked me well it's
three words joy to be experienced Dan
question mark get off this live stream
go and check out my Philippine vlogs
there's actually one dedicated to
Madonna be taste yes there is
go watch it
shout-out to Dennis hello Aaron says
damn did the wish bus offer you to be
part of next year third I know I wish
Awards no well kind of I guess I mean
they didn't know his the is the short
answer
I wanted to hide I'm not gonna try to
secretly like I have really type thing
no I mean it was mentioned when I went
to the wish first they did mention it
and I said about how I said at the time
back on the second wish Awards I said I
sent them a message and said like it's
great to have been a part of the wish
awards for the reactor's choice of war
you know and we were on the big screen
and you know doing what we did well I
said to him he'd be grave next year you
actually had reactors out there to
physically present the award and I know
it's something they're looking at so it
wasn't an advice as such it is more like
yes we'd like to do that you know so I
would love to be there but the funny
thing is the day of the Wish Awards
whatever day it was a con member named
but whenever they wish awards is I fly
to Iceland two days later so I need to
make sure that if I do go but I can get
a flight back on the same evening as the
Wish Awards get over my jet lag and then
pack my bags and ready to fly to ice
them the next day
so even if if I got the invite I don't
know if I can make it which is really
annoying because it's such a unique
chance to do something like this I might
not be able to go anyway all right so
happy keen is asking the top 10 best
experiences while I was in the
Philippines number one
meeting Regine Velasquez number two
meeting Morissette I'm on number three
hanging out with begoy number four no
one do this for guesting on a wish bus
number five meeting katrina Velarde
number six hmm meeting every day the
meeting grades yeah it was so amazing to
me everybody and I really enjoyed the
experience and it was great to see the
people behind all these names here
number seven the charity work at project
pearls such a wonderful morning I wish I
could spend more time there and number
eight my eighth favorite thing was my
age favorite thing my eighth favorite
thing I would say my eighth favorite
thing let me ever think
it's quite tricky one a favorite a
favorite its favorite I guess my eighth
favorite would be the karaoke night
not that I've really enjoyed the karaoke
itself because I can't sing but I really
enjoyed meeting the people and just
having a laugh even though I couldn't
sing it was still fun it's still good
you know good entertainment we've all
had a good time
so there are my top eight not
necessarily in that order but just my
eight my eight favorite moments on the
Philippines
see ya Johnny be tithing was great a lot
of you just said Johnny be trying to be
join me telling you Johnny Johnny Johnny
B is great but when you see all the
things I've done Johnny B doesn't make
the 8 because I've done so much better
than that even trying the foods I love
try on the foods but I still enjoys
these other experiences more because
food is just food but the people you
guys want makes a Philippines and that's
why I enjoy just meeting you guys and
having fun
ah olden Hood said hi Dan what do you
think contains performance and Regine's
antics during the show you know what I
thought Nate was so cute he was so small
and so sweet and it was lovely having
the birth singer you went together
before Jeremy came out and well Donna
and whose are the one the one who makes
them the me part of doremi
when they came out and there's all the
400 stage singing that wasn't lovely as
well I was so sweet Hosea Melvyn de
Jesus says if there's one thing you
would be one thing you would like to
change in jeans concert what would it be
I wish it was longer I felt like when
the show finished that it was the
halftime slot and I wished that she
included Naruto a co and what kind of
fallout in the same night that's why I
would change but that's just me being
selfish me wanting warrior gene and
those two songs so otherwise perfect
night any mac is from Russia hello
welcome to the channel I have a twitch
in my Ireland you can see it can you see
it I don't guess it driving me mad
Wow all the says if you have if you give
time Ciara Victoria Square tomorrow
Christmas tree celebration oh I did not
know that we were talking about Victoria
Square Birmingham right
hello Chasez how did you feel when you
stepped inside boa arena and it's full
during the our third concert
I felt I felt it'd just be strange to
say but I felt a sudden rush of
confidence and that was because going
through the lobby from the main doors I
bet I bet dozen people who wanted
selfies of me and I said like I said in
the vlog didn't expect people to I
wasn't arranging to see him anybody so
anyone he bumped into me I knew who I
was genuinely bumped into me so walking
into the actual inside of the arena and
seeing the thousands of people that were
there I couldn't help but think somebody
somewhere as probably spotted me and
maybe try and shake me or come over for
a photo or something some people did
some people did something for self is
even in the arena and it was nice it was
I felt like not a celebrity because I
you know I'm not a celebrity
but it felt good knowing that people
might know whom I am and I walked into
ena
with my head held my head held high and
thinking to myself wow not only do
people or some people know who I am but
we're all here for the same reason all
here for this one moment to see magine
on stage right there and as I was
walking down the aisle to my seat and
the stage is getting closer and closer
and closer I was like oh my god this is
a pretty good view this I'm very happy
with okay guys so it is 59 minutes and
17 seconds since I started the
livestream I am going to call that night
now I'm sorry event answering all your
questions but maybe next time it
there'll be ample chance for that so
thanks for tuning in I hope you enjoyed
this livestream don't forget to Like
share and subscribe and we will see you
next time
you
[Music]
