hey what's up everybody it's your
friendly neighborhood hug nibbles back
again with another reaction video as
always bad my son ha same happened today
[Music]
the breaker of callers Oh baby kittens
alright so what we're getting into today
we haven't had a 4th impact reaction in
quite some time
shadow to our dude Vincent Garcia who
not only is a person who originally got
us into doing force impact reactions and
also introduced us to Filipino artists
but also requested that we do this so
apparently for the impact has been
signed to a production group out of
Miami yes we have signed a contract in
the u.s. so they have I guess this is
gonna be like a sneak peak from there
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so is this a ghost of the straight-up
and snap cause it seems like it focuses
on him
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
let's go like some Geoff's bovine hey so
what is this album drop like I can't I
can't give you the whole dinner you just
give the it's like a very Shakira
oh that's good that's good oh is this a
music video
damn full on green-screen I say green
life this is I wonder what its gonna be
it's the way they're dancing cuddle this
have good choreography before though
yeah I want to see the background I
wanted to win like
[Music]
these are hands of your excited native
you know I am excited I am very excited
for this I want to know when the I want
to know when the album is gonna drop
I'm excited for the music video cuz I I
guess it's no no no or whatever is the
name of that song yeah that sounds fire
yeah it does
it hasn't really well also I thought
it's really cool how the helicase showed
like the the ways he like put the music
together like since we yeah we know how
to edit definitely looking at that it's
I called my gosh I've always wanted to
edit music and I just don't have the
software for it and it's like something
I've always wanted to do so seeing him
do it I was like that's really cool that
is really really cool
we all suffer I don't know to use it
it's not installed adobe has software
like in our suite but I just have no
idea to use it yeah and I have no clue
like what to do with it at all so I mean
if you want to try if y'all want to see
how its am and it's some hot music let
us know in the comments down below
hot Khaleesi here this was your first
time watching fourth impact you're not
very active she's like pretty much a
swing I'm cheap she's pretty much just
laying there chillin but I'm being
excited I've always saw fourth impact
you know it was a very marketable band
with the fact that you know they're
sisters they have a good look about them
they're very good at choreography they
have great voices they their style is
very contemporary well you always felt
like they could have a shot in the US
market specifically so it's cool that
they're finally getting that opportunity
the track sound good that not a song
sounds really hot I love that the drop
sounds really cool in that I'm really
interested to see the music video for
that choreography looked on point you
may be right they may have like an
Egyptian vibe on that or something I'm
not sure because the way the dance was
it's very very common like that's like
the Egyptian thing I don't know I feel
like in the beginning I was kind of
concerned because I'm like most of all
this video was like focus on him
yeah but I was like this is a show he's
like the biker yeah jacket and
everything I like him a lot but I was
like we're not really hearing a lot of
the music and then towards the end of
the video like we were starting to get
real good clips we're getting like full
audio like he was giving us he was doing
us to work yeah he's giving us the work
towards the end there yeah
also that high no I know of like like
actually like their music video looking
official yeah crazy dude that'd be to
see like an official fourth in time I
mean I don't watch on TV anymore I know
who does but like if I were to turn on
TV and watch like an official super
crazy considering that like that is kind
of like what started us like with
Filipino like music videos and like they
got everything you know everything so
it's like for that like it's just like a
huge step like for them but like for us
it's super like ordered 4th impact has
been a big part of the channel more so
than almost anything else without that
we wouldn't have been open to an entire
world or at least another country and
open to all the culture in love of the
Filipino audience and all of the artists
that we have seen and you know local
culture like Jollibee and the wish bus
that all this stuff is really cool and
then we got to go to Philippines
yes so it's like fourth intact always
will have a special spot in my heart so
excited to see this and I didn't know
what you're doing I was like what let us
know what you thought the comments down
below if you liked it like it if you've
not said you should and you are thank
you don't want more videos up for you
see me live guess
[Music]
