I must stop Mabuhay magandang Umaga and
welcome back to MC and vehicle over
sylvilla and today's video is a little
different from the usual you know it's
not a reaction video and I just want to
talk about something that happened today
but before we do so please consider
follow me on instagram at music game
music now today today I woke up to a
story from one of my followers on
Instagram that had posted a tweet from
someone called ma buend√≠a and ma buendia
is apparently a vlogger content creator
motivational speaker sometimes funny and
2017
Ripley awardee I don't know what that is
but yeah so this person tweeted
Prannoy baiting is a marketing strategy
used by creators to attract filipino
audience and fans foreign youtubers
exact reaction videos to our singers
series TV shows and films involving the
Philippines in their plotline it's
effective because our thirst for global
validation is real ok so I reposted this
tweet on the YouTube channel on the
community tab so that I can get your
feedback on it and I will be reading
some of your comments at the end of the
video but before that I wanted to give
you my perspective on this topic right
so before this I had never heard of
Pinoy baiting but if I want to be honest
and real with you guys I think it does
exist because yes there are so many you
know youtubers out there that are also
doing reaction videos about Filipino
content and out of curiosity when I
click on one just to see what they have
to say or anything like that it's always
Oh first of all it's always positive you
know like it's obviously not an honest
reaction because they're always always
you know happy about what they're see
and we are human beings and we there
sometimes there are things that we like
and sometimes are things that we dislike
right but they never dislike anything
how is that even possible how is that
even logical it's it blows my mind you
know they're always happy always amazed
at everything that doesn't make sense to
me so yes and most of the time they have
nothing to say right because they're not
genuinely interested in Filipino music
or culture right so they don't take the
time to actually research it's just a
tiny bit right so they don't have much
to say so I think that Pineau baiting is
a real thing now I can talk about myself
right so at the beginning of this
channel I had no idea that I was gonna
do reactions about Filipino content at
first I started doing reaction videos
about just you know American North
American music videos and video games
then one day you know one Filipino just
asked to do reaction about I think it
was Sarah Ronnie mo or or Morissette
Amon right
and I was just like hey what do I have
to lose right I had no idea that was
going to be this massive thing so I did
at the time I was still with M angel and
that video blew up like it got maybe
50,000 views and like maybe a week and
we were like whoa what is going on you
know and then thanks to that video more
and more Filipinos came kept coming you
know and commenting on the video and
asking for more and I saw a clear
difference between the Filipino
community and the North American
community when it comes to values you
know like the Filipino community was so
much nicer and sweeter and welcoming on
the other hand the North American
community was rougher and angrier and
just insulting
so you know obviously I gravitated
towards the nicer community and I start
talking to them a lot more and you know
they kept asking me too
reaction videos to Filipino content and
I of course I accepted because they were
so sweet and I was generally impressed
by their talents and it was such a
foreign um you know thing to me you know
the Philippines I had heard of the
Philippines obviously but I had never
heard of their music you know of their
talent I just heard the Philippines like
oh the Philippines is that counter
country with a lot of islands you know
it's beautiful country you can go there
and visit and you know have fun but it
was not about their talent so this was a
brand new perspective on the Philippines
and I was amazed by Tagalog you know
like the first time I heard that guy
look I was so flabbergasted by how it
sounded you know like it sounded
completely different I could not
recognize any anything really but now
I'm so familiar with it so and then at
that time I was splitting the channel
between Filipino content and Indian
content and some still some North
American content and the Indian content
was working really well and the Filipino
Kondos working really well as well they
were like 50/50 but then you know
because this channel is all about
honesty the Indian community was not
taken my honesty very well you know and
they started to get angry and I could
see that in the comments section below
and it completely turned me off so I
started doing less and less and less
Indian content which meant which meant
that I left a lot more space for more
annoyed content you know and I was like
you know what pinoys are completely
embracing me and the channel so I need
to embrace them back and that's when I
was like you know what I'm gonna be I'm
gonna do more research about the
Philippines you know I'm gonna like
super 100% genuinely be interested in
everything that I am
acting to listening to and everything
and that's what I did but of course I'm
not gonna lie to you and say hey YouTube
is not a business it is also a business
right so yes I'm also aware that
Filipinos have this thing that they call
that he called thirst of for global
validation yes I have seen that amongst
the Philippines
you know Filipinos yes it's incredible
how they care so much about what non
Filipinos think of them you know I just
want to mention that this is not
specific to the Philippines and because
I reacted before to also you know Latino
videos to Italian videos to French
videos and I can assure you that it's
the same almost everywhere like every
country is interested in what foreigners
think of them you know yeah because I
also have a second channel where I talk
about French music mainly and I speak in
French and yet they're still interested
because they also know that I am from
Montreal and not from France so they are
really really interested in what I have
to say and that channel is also growing
I'm almost at 20,000 subscribers but
yeah it's not specific to Filipinos but
I did notice that the Philippines the
Filipinos are really interested in what
foreigners think more than other
countries but it also happens with other
countries I just want to make that very
clear like I've noticed it with a lot of
countries I just remember French people
so interested in what Americans think of
their music and their culture for
example but yeah I also put faith into
the into Filipinos because I think they
are I think they are smart enough to
notice which reactor is being genuine
and honest and
which are it honestly III put you guys
on the same pedestal as myself all right
now it's time to actually read some of
your comments actually let's start by
reading the comments on what's-his-name
on ma Wynn Diaz thread you know for that
specific tweet so he says also I call it
like I call it as I see it I see it like
I mean it love or hate me I don't care
I'll speak my mind stand in my truth and
that's it and that's it
yo I 100% agree see this is an honest
guy that doesn't care about what people
think of him yes yes yes and then he
says support filipino creators who put
quality content by their merch share
their links and more importantly don't
skip their ads completely agree
completely agree
alright so someone else says on the
brighter side pinoys are good audience
they are good audience and also there
are a lot of Filipinos out there with
like a hundred million so of course I
guess creators and youtubers are gonna
take advantage of that to grow their
YouTube channel but I still don't think
that is a good yeah I don't think this
is a good marketing strategy because if
you're not actually interested in
Filipino music culture and everything as
soon as you gonna stop reacting to that
they're not gonna watch and if you're
not interested you're gonna start hating
it you know what I mean and that sucks
Plus have you guys noticed a trend of
you know past YouTube reactors that
stopped reacting to Filipino content or
completely stopped reacting I'm thinking
either at the top of my head how can a
cool TV you know as soon as they went to
the Philippines done they stopped
reacting to Filipino content sandwich
adobo those guys are the sweetest ever I
honestly love them but I also don't see
them reacting anymore and I feel like
after they went to the Philippines
you know that's where things slowed down
for them shake shake shake
I love Shay you know Shay was also
reacting to a lot of Filipino content I
believe he went to the Philippines
multiple times and I think now all he
does is vlogging so see he stopped
reacting to Filipino content as well
then from e8p films who also wants the
Philippines I think he met Shay and
everything also stopped you know so
there's this trend of YouTube reactors
that visit the Philippines come back
from the Philippines and just stop
reacting to a Filipino content which is
I don't know why that is you know it's
weird honestly I do not intend to stop
records Filipino content after I visit
the Philippines I like really like this
is what I do
I love reacting to Filipino singers and
because they are extremely talented and
I still want to follow their journey so
I will keep doing it and honestly I just
hope this is not a curse that as soon as
I go to the Philippines and come back
and I'm like okay I'm done I'm done with
the Philippines no more no I honestly
don't think it's gonna happen but yeah
it's really really strange so there is
this comment that says I got suckered
into this about a year ago devouring
reaction videos to regime or said pinoys
et cetera till I realized that every
vlogger and his cousin were were
bandwagoning on it realized their real
intention intention was not real
interest in our culture but simply
spiking in their views yeah sometimes
that is true
someone says as a foreigner who has
learned Tagalog married a Filipina and
has a kid on the way this tweet makes me
sad all the videos and attention the
phils gets on social media is a symptom
of how wonderful your country and people
are more exposure equals more tourism
equals more jobs for pinoys see this is
what I said at the beginning of the
video and how welcoming Filipinos are so
you know like I said at the beginning
like this
tweets this tweet is somewhat true and
somewhat false you know like you have to
find the middle ground and everything
really
someone says probably foreigners sees
Filipinos as people with really warm
heart which is true it is not a thirst
it is an appreciation that we give as
they create videos in relevance to us it
doesn't matter if they use us for their
views as long as we stand as we are as
supporters not appreciator yeah there
you go someone says I agree but not
completely I have seen a few foreign
vloggers like Kulas of Kulas I have
never heard of coulis of becoming
Filipino who are sincere in promoting
Filipino tourism some reactors like EAP
officials even came to the Philippines
true like I said ooh someone says not
much of a difference from what you're
doing talking about the person that
tweeted that if you're in social media
one way or another your goal is to
attract a specific audience I agree
completely that's why I am saying you
know it's not true or false you have to
find the middle ground someone else says
you're on point but I still like
watching vlogs about Philippines because
they usually take beautiful shots of our
country I also think that vloggers use
our thirst to jumpstart their YouTube
career true true someone says so like
seriously I need to know what you think
this is something that is inherently bad
neither for or against binoy baiting but
you gotta tell me why this is something
harmful otherwise you just have a
statement devoid and neutral of any
value or stance I can't agree there all
right so now I'm going to read the
comments the top comments on my posts in
the community tab of the channel
alright so someone says it's true that
last sentence pretty much sums it up a
Filipino reacting to Filipino videos
won't get nearly as much views and
attention as foreigners reacting maybe
that's true maybe that's true but it's
also true for other countries like
Canadian reacting to Canadian stuff
probably won't get as
views as a I don't know an English
person reacting to Canadian content you
know it someone else says is true that
Filipinos are thirsty for global
validation so some foreign youtubers
take this as an advantage for them I
don't mind at all
at least I'm entertained but it kind of
bothers me that there are some reactors
that do it just for the sake of views
and not because they genuinely
appreciate the content but in my opinion
those guys will get what's coming to
them you know like I said if they do it
for the views as long as they stop it's
everything is gonna stop the views are
gonna stop the money is gonna stop
everything is gonna stop it's not a good
marketing strategy someone else says yes
it's true however I think it's a win to
win situation because the youtubers
chose to react to the Philippine singers
film tourism blah blah blah to gain more
subscribers likes and views but in the
good side of it they are also promoting
the Philippines such as in our different
tourist destination that's true that's
true like people say even bad publicity
is still publicity you know what I mean
I saw and read some of the foreign
comments that they want to visit here
because of the good reviews of some
youtubers about the Philippines piece of
advice let's just see it as a positive
way for as long as it is not below the
belt sending my love to all youtubers
from the Philippines from yeah from the
Philippines see I love how positive
Filipinos can be and someone just says
and you're one of it it's a business yes
I guess so yes I am one of it and it is
a business but I actually genuinely care
about Filipino content but I guess not
everybody is gonna agree with me you
know some people are gonna say no that I
only do it for the money or for the
views or for the fame or whatever and
some will say that I genuinely care so
you know we're never gonna be able to
agree on everything
reactors responding to the demand of a
Filipino audience is not wrong it's just
a neutral reaction if you are a con
and creator while it is true that
Filipinos see global validation and
causes them to seek for foreign reactors
and is not the content creators fault
that they receive such attention as such
behavior is not caused by the creator by
by those who watch it yeah well it is
little bit caused by the creator because
the creator is initiating this by
reacting to Filipino content what is
wrong though is when you do react the
Filipino artist without real
appreciation of substantial commentary
to the craft and then call it a day
completely agree there you go that's
what I said at the beginning that is
what we might call Pennoyer baiting
conclusion it's ok for a reactor to
appeal to a Filipino audience provided
they respect and truly appreciate
Filipino artists and Philippine culture
as a whole pom pom pom now that's that's
one that's a good comment I agree with
what this person said genius this is I
guess the comment is genius and the name
of the person is genius so yeah with the
J not aji someone has completely just
asking me the question no Ovilla we want
you to answer this are you using us
Filipinos for monetization purposes only
like I said it is a business but no
honestly from the heart I am not using
Filipinos for monetization purposes like
I said I opened even the second channel
that I'm also you know monetizing a
little bit so no I get revenue streams
from multiple you know businesses if you
will so mgn is not the only channel that
I'm getting money from you know but yeah
I would like to you of course it's a
business of course I also react a
Filipino content for money purposes but
I honestly feel extremely happy when I
react a Filipino content and I don't
know if you've noticed but I can
actually talk about Filipino music and
culture without even reacting to a video
and I can talk about about that for like
half an hour straight if I want
- and that's what I've been doing lately
you know now I'm not even reacting to
videos I'm just talking about what I saw
and I love it
someone says Filipinos have this
attitude of being entitled they act like
all Filipinos are singers though many
are not they are saying off Latinos are
good in English though many cannot even
understand and construct simple decent
sentence they feel deserved to win an
all beauty pageant like nobody can beat
their intellect don't get me wrong I am
a Filipino and I am proud to be one
but Philippines is just like any other
country Filipinos are just like any
other nationalities we have things to be
proud of but we also have lots of
imperfections completely agree that's
what I was saying at the beginning
someone says I've noticed but mgn is an
exception you've always been honest and
that's why you also have a lot of
bachelors in the comments section oh my
god I agree you know I spent a lot of my
time cleaning of the comment section and
I'm alone I don't have any anyone
monitoring my comment section so you
know I read your comments and every time
I see a bachelor or a hateful comment I
just completely erase it or completely
ban the person but thank you Jay Ari
bye-bye thank you so much for the sweet
comment someone says if this was a
comment for you know I've seen the very
first reaction videos of you and until
now I've been updated with your content
especially your reaction videos to
Filipino singers and what I observe is
you are a you are genuine with your
reaction you're not only reactants of
Filipino artists you also take time to
know them personally
via Google or asking questions to your
subscribers yes and I know what he is
referring referring to when he says via
Google is because I did start a playlist
of me
learning about Filipino artists and I
think the first artist I did was
Morissette Amon and I should definitely
go back to that
but let's say other content creators use
this Pinoy baiting marketing strategy so
what it's YouTube people watch things
they find interesting and/or enjoyable
who cares if it's fake or genuine
reaction how about the prank videos the
challenges the vlogs mukbangs personally
I watch YouTube is to get entertained if
a video doesn't satisfy me I simply
click another one people nowadays make
big deals out of the simplest things
lack of common sense I agree I mean its
YouTube you have your own willpower if
you want to watch watch if you don't
want to watch don't watch it's as simple
as that but I guess I think this tweet
is just saying that do not take
advantage of Filipinos and their good
heart I think that's the thing all right
last comment because this video is
getting way too long this person says it
is based on personal observation some
reactions are really exaggerated but
there are but there are also some whom
are really genuine with their admiration
and are not afraid to point out if there
are things that they did not like about
the video and deed I mean I could keep
going and going honestly I had no idea
that this that this post would be so
interesting to you guys but you guys
have left a lot of comments thank you so
much for participating in this debate I
guess we could call it a mini debate I
honestly had a lot of fun because it
changes from reaction videos from
unboxings from reviewing stuff you know
and yeah I just today I just felt like
hey I want to talk to you guys you know
face-to-face and just exchange ideas
with you you know so yeah if you have
more things to say about this I welcome
it in the comment section below as long
as you keep it you know respectful and
yeah as long as you know you're not
hurting anyone I welcome every opinion
out there so yeah thank you so much for
watching this video I love you guys hi
Ohio
maraming maraming salamat PO take care
of yourselves have a great day and I'll
catch you in the next video as usual
peace thank you for watching subscribe
here and please like the video to show
your support and appreciation for my
work and turn on the notification bell
to beatbox for future content yay
