[Music]
hello I'm Adrian Finnegan this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week the government in
the Philippines shuts down half the
country's minds but can the world's
largest producer nickel all really live
without its metals industry also this
week you've heard of fake news and what
about fake ads we'll take a look at the
world of global digital advertising find
out how advertisers could be handing
over money to fraudsters plus docile
crocodiles how the Tourism Board in
Gambia plans to use these friendly
reptiles to lure back tourists but let's
start this week with a look at a battle
that's brewing in the Philippines
between the government and the mining
industry on the surface it seems like a
simple environmental story president
rodrigo duterte his government has shut
down over half the country's mines
permanently his Environment Minister
said that it's because of its unique
ecosystem the Philippines has simply
unfit for mining the mining companies
want the government to publish the
environmental audit that's brought the
industry to a grinding halt they say the
closures are too drastic that mining
policy isn't coherent and that there
could be knock-on effects elsewhere but
mining contributes less than 1% to the
Philippines economy well even though the
Philippines says that it can live
without its mining industry the rest of
the world still felt the impact the
Philippines is the world's biggest
supplier of nickel ore and the crackdown
has pushed up global prices for this key
ingredient of stainless steel nickel
copper and zinc they're examples of base
metals copper is often called doctor
copper that's because all base metals
and copper in particular act as a kind
of weather vane for the global economy
they're used in almost every industry
and serve prices are falling they can
signal weakness to come sometimes even
before the official data is out well
joining us now from London is Caroline
Baines she's the chief commodities
economist with London based capital
economics Caroline's also the author of
The Economist guide to commodity it's
great to have you with us sir Caroline
what do you make of what the Philippines
government has done here we actually
think there are going to be appeals
against their ruling it might be that
the impact is less than than it appears
on paper but as it stands now they've
they're cutting off about 8 percent of
global nickel supply with huge
implications given that the nickel
Philippines supplies around 97 percent
of China's nickel so this is a this is a
major disruption in the for the nickel
market of course we mustn't forget that
the reason for these closures or the
order to close these mines is on
environmental grounds the Philippines
nickel industry has grown very rapidly
in the last couple of years to fill a
gap left by Indonesia banning exports in
some cases mines have been built without
due regard to the environment and I
would add that other mines reach have
got certificates international
certificates for their environmental
standards so it is a mixed bag but it
seems that that it can be justified to
some extent on on environmental grounds
and the loss to GDP would would be
offset by that the Philippines of course
one of the world's major suppliers of
nickel ore what will be the impact of
any shortage in the material I mean what
what's it used for what one of the
implications of all of this going to be
for nickel ore consumers about 70% of
the world's nickel is actually used to
make stainless steel so that would be
the primary impact on the stainless
steel market it also has a lot of more
niche uses that that almost more
strategic it's used a lot in in
aerospace in green batteries in
chemicals so though there are
considerable ramifications particularly
as I mentioned earlier for China given
the size of its stainless steel industry
as you said earlier this Rao is is far
from over
although the president Duterte says that
that he can do without these mines no
one knows what's going to happen in six
months of course but say for instance
that there is a world shortage of global
shortage of nickel ore what's going to
happen are we going to find the price of
dishwashers for instance going up not
immediately anyway and if it's if it was
a six-month hiatus the longer term
impact wouldn't be very great because as
I said as I mentioned earlier there are
very high stocks of refined nickel and
put adding into the the pot if you like
of what's going on in the nickel market
Indonesia recently announced a partial
lifting of its ban on exports so we are
expecting higher volumes to be coming
out of Indonesia over the next few
months which will to some extent offsets
the loss of Philippine or so the
Philippines says that it can do without
it it's mining industry president
Duterte
appears to be quite happy about that and
yet it is the world's major supplier of
nickel ore to what extent does nickel
ore underpin mining underpin the economy
it doesn't really it's less than 1% of
GDP certainly we feel president
Duterte's has has has said that he can
live with them with the whole mining
sector closing down total mining is
probably about 1 to 1.5 percent of GDP
having said that it does employ pretend
to want estimates of over a million
people so that is quite a considerable
amount of labour that could be could be
lost or jobs that could be lost in terms
of exports the mining sector is more
important and nickel exports for about
8% of total exports but I suppose and
certainly it seems to be the president's
view that they can live with with with
having that that contribution to GDP the
reason that they're enacting these
closures is on environmental grounds so
it can be justified by the the need to
to clean up the environment all right so
the Philippines can live without its
mining industry what about the rest of
us can we live without the Philippines
nickel ore I think there will definitely
be
short-term disruption the world has got
used to having this Philippines or but
there are alternative suppliers China
already has been diversifying its its
supply base a bit particularly with
imports from new caledonia of course the
mining sector always takes longer than
most sectors to adjust to to supply
disruptions because it takes so long
from the plan to to build a build a much
bigger mine and to it actually starting
to produce or but in the longer term
alternative suppliers will be found
Caroline great to talk to you on
counting the cost thanks for being with
us you're welcome staying with mining
the biggest mining conference in Africa
took place this week in Cape Town South
Africa is the source of one-third of all
the gold that's ever been taken from the
ground but many mining companies are now
pulling out al-jazeera's tanya page
takes a look at what impact that's
having on communities of former miners
the machinery at Bly for gold mine fell
silent four years ago around 1,700
people lost their jobs they say they
feel abandoned by their employer and the
South African government which is
refusing to help who's gonna come out
then say I'm responsible nobody's gonna
say I'm responsible so basically what
I'm saying to you the point is by itself
they're in the normans land when the
mining company village main brief moved
out the criminals moved in vandalizing
the buildings and stealing cables to
sell the metal former employees patrol
the abandoned mine hoping a new owner
will give them a job so far theirs are
the only footsteps to be heard here some
find it hard to believe government
promises that their interests are a
priority at the biggest mining
conference on the continent as we move
mining forward let us take everyone
along and ensure that indeed the mineral
wealth belief our soil benefit all South
Africans the government has also angered
the mining industry by suggesting 26% of
minds should be permanently owned by
black people as a way to share resource
wealth black ownership has its own
critic
among community groups who say it will
only be good for a small number of
wealthy black people the issue of how to
ensure black communities benefit from
mining is essential to this conference
but the problem for struggling
communities like the one in Bly for is
that smartly dressed delegates talking
about the issues doesn't change their
reality in which they continue to feel
forgotten the government proposal of 26
percent black ownership is being
challenged in the courts well it's very
easy to point fingers at the industry
for not having done enough but we can
equally point fingers at local
government at national government at
communities themselves for not having
done enough in terms of the partnerships
that are required to get the outcomes
that we need second Bly for former
miners try their hand at sowing to make
ends meet and they're moving thousands
of employment records to a safer place
hoping that soon as someone takes as
much care of their future as they're
doing of their past
Tony page in Cape Town yo with counting
the cost from Al Jazeera still to come a
standoff between the top producer of
avocados and its biggest customer why
tariffs could drive up prices for
Mexico's green gold
but first Gambia's Tourism Board is
hoping to convince the new government to
fund an advertising campaign the idea to
lure back tourists after the recent
political crisis and the country's
crocodiles form part of that plan Reza
Sayah reports from banjo
they may look menacing but with a little
guidance from professional handlers you
just may get the courage to take one of
the century-old crocodiles at Kochi Kali
crocodile pond for a little walk some of
them have been talking crying but some
would be talking with you know happiness
and joy they don't even believe that
they touching a crocodile it's what
makes kaca gali one of the top tourist
attractions in Gambia's capital Banjul
but these days the crocodile pond is
quiet everything went so is the monkey
park bond jewels beaches are deserted
hotels are mostly vacant and souvenir
stores are empty it all began when
former leader Yahya Jammeh refused to
give up power after he lost the
presidential election in December that
led to a state of emergency in political
turmoil that forced thousands of
tourists to rush back home it seems that
the entire war was coming to an end
Abdullah Hodari head of the Tourism
Board says Gambia averages around 4,000
tourists a week during its peak month of
January almost all of them evacuated
within days that was the beginning of
the nightmare that we went through to
this day a tourism industry that
generates twenty percent of the
government's revenue is still suffering
but with new president Adamo borrows
peaceful return from exile tourism is
starting its comeback right now is the
perfect opportunity for us the Tourism
Board plans to ask the new government
for an increase in advertising money to
help convince travelers why they should
come back to Gambia's pristine beaches
nature reserves and exotic tourist
attractions Gambia's tourist attractions
are certainly fun
many say Gambia's best feature are its
people some of the most hospitable most
fun-loving people you'll ever meet
thing is the way we are brought up it's
why Gambia is called the smiling coast
of West Africa there's no country on
earth that is so peaceful so peaceful
even the crocodiles seemed friendly Reza
Sayah rather him than me now advertisers
around the world are coughing up more
and more cash to capture our digital
attention for example US advertisers
spent seventeen point six billion
dollars on digital ads in the last
quarter alone that's according to the
Internet Advertising Bureau that figures
even bigger if you look at the global
picture and it's likely to keep growing
even the ad industry itself has become
more digital dependent the way ads abort
and placed online is often done through
automated technology but there is a
problem in this brand-new world
advertisers often end up paying for fake
ads they happen like this the automated
way that advertisers buy ad space and
the automated programs that digital
media companies use to sell ads can be
fooled and who's committing this fraud
well it's other computer programs they
pull ad revenue towards fake websites of
course advertisers want humans to see
their ads and not computer programs
so-called BOTS which aim to rack up page
impressions on fake sites the biggest
digital ad fraud ever uncovered is known
as the meth bot fraud hackers are
thought to have made as much as 5
million dollars a day by faking video
views and exploiting the pay-per-click
system and advertisers understandably
don't want to hand over cash invested in
their brands to fraudsters well joining
us now from Dublin via Skype David
Murphy the head of digital media
solutions at the Irish Times David good
to have you with us on counting the cost
what do we mean here by fake ads so by
fake ads it's mostly got to do with our
fraud so it tends to be invalid traffic
that's created by BOTS as opposed to
humans and those BOTS would generate out
of
fashions or engagement or clicks on ads
and I automate in an automated way as
opposed to am humans being exposed to
those ads an interactive metal so who's
being hurt most here is it the brand's
themselves or the companies that are
hosting the ads the main companies was
the domain committees are being affected
by a mad fraud are the advertising the
media agency specifically and brands
themselves and to a degree premium
publishers I don't tend to get involved
in any kind of tactics that would create
invalid traffic on our website a
fraudulent traffic on your website it
tends to be a problem that occurs with a
long tail of websites they can go into
the hundreds of thousands the tenth
monetized or ad infantry true networks
and and they fake both the content well
they can't fake the content and the type
of audience they have and because a lot
of that Sam traffic is being bought in a
very automated way the media buyers or
the media by an agency doesn't really
have a way of determining whether or not
they're buying a high-quality real
genuine and visitor on a proper and high
quality website or if they're buying a
fraudulent or potentially fraudulent bot
traffic on one of these long tail of the
hundreds and thousands of sites that
exist on the web so just how big a
problem is this and it kind of varies
from country to country and I have seen
reports saying that a lot of times
sometimes 30 40 % of total odds served
are being served via BOTS or are served
to bots and which is it George a
tremendously huge problem and I think
one of the most recent cases and a group
of Russian hackers called an ad fraud
commander and were registering thousands
of different domains and they were
faking themselves to be premium
publishers then at the same time they
were using them networks of bots to
generate a lot of odd impressions now
because of video ad impressions tends to
be or is actually one of the the most
in-demand type of digital ad inventory
available at the moment they were
generating upwards of 300 million ad
views per day
now based on the typical selling rates
per thousand rates that those type of ad
impressions go for which tends to be
around $13 per thousand and they
estimate that that group was and
fraudulent aching between three million
to five million US dollars out of em at
exchanges every day and that was money
that was coming from both the
advertisers and agencies and ultimately
the brands who are paying to and access
those audiences that's a massive amount
of money is the industry taking this
issue seriously enough M I think at the
moment there isn't really any silver
bullet that M solves the problem of ad
fraud and the issue is that whenever
technology is developed to help detect
fraudulent traffic and the the hackers
and programmers then modified or BOTS to
make them act more human so to a degree
it is a little bit of a case where and
they're playing cat and mouse at all
times and I know that a lot of the
larger media agencies have recently
created positions that are basically
taxed with brand safety the viewability
and also looking at ways identifying
fraudulent traffic and a lot of agencies
as well at the advertising agencies will
tend to it was the Reedy and care about
ad fraud are putting less emphasis on
and the network and programmatic bias
and focusing more on us was more to
premium fans and premium alliances to
ensure that they know that the ads that
they are buying are being am served and
to actual people how does this impact
upon you and me David the public and
from I suppose for the general public it
doesn't really impact on that lunch and
the only people in the public that a may
impact is and people who work for
companies that do depend on advertising
revenue to support their businesses and
in those cases those type of companies
are losing money as a consequence of
these larger networks that are creating
invalid and fraudulent traffic and as a
consequence often they can't pay their
employees the same wages or they can't
retain them for such a long period of
time and it doesn't effect
general population but there are
definitely people who are being impacted
on a day to day basis and as a
consequence of people who are M
illegally I suppose
taking advertising dollars and
advertising spend away from and the
businesses that they work for David the
advertising industry is undergoing rapid
change so much of the ad spend today
goes online how is that impacting the
industry yeah it is kind of difficult
and like the most recent report in the
u.s. M I think for Q tree of last year
showed those twenty three or twenty
percent year-on-year growth which is
amazing considering digital has been
around for so long now like it's been
growing quite substantially on rapidly
for last fifteen years or so but when
you look at where that growth is
happening and more than that while I
suppose Google have grown more than
fifty five percent or fifty four percent
sorry in the u.s. in that quarter
Facebook group forty five percent but
all the rest of the publishers combined
just Group one percent so to degree it
is a duopoly and between those two
organizations who are taking the vast
majority of ad spent the two degrees are
also driving and our also an enabling
and both brands and I suppose direct
advertisers to very easily advertise
their products and services online and
are very easy to do and cost-effective
way I'm going to ask you to gaze into a
crystal ball
now David what does the future hold for
the industry how do you think it's going
to evolve in the digital world and in
terms of evolution and large networks
and programmatic buying and social media
will always have a very important place
to pay or a very important and part of
the the digital advertising mix and for
a lot of premium publishers and who are
struggling and because there are so
there are two primarily dominant and
companies operating in the space a lot
of them are now starting to form
alliances and other the agencies where
they start pooling their data together
to offer advertisers better value but
also and brand safe and trust
environment or brand safe unless was
trusted environments that I will include
organizations like la classe
median France and most recently Pangaea
media in the UK which would comprise of
the likes of The Guardian Economist
Financial Times and a few words David a
Facebook and Google helping advertisers
to address their problems with digital
em to a degree the Facebook and Google
are doing a fantastic job of enabling a
lot of the smaller publishers to
monetize their infantry whether it be
true the Google Display Network or
whether it be on Facebook where people
are placing of instant articles and
monetizing and their content in that way
and it does still mean that they are
getting a piece of the pie but and for a
lot of publishers they do still play a
very important role in contributing to
their success but and for some of the
larger publishers and that makes up a
very small portion of their advertising
revenues they still need to sell quite a
lot directly and deal directly with both
brands and media agencies good to talk
to you David many thanks finally this
week Mexico is the world's number one
producer of avocados the US is its
biggest market but as the Trump
administration threatens to change a
free trade deal Mexican producers are
worried about their future John Holman
reports in the state of Mitch work and
Southwest Mexico they call it green gold
avocados Mexico is the top producer of
the fruit and the US is its biggest
customer Donald Trump's threatening to
change or rip up NAFTA the free trade
agreement between the u.s. Mexico and
Canada that would mean border taxes for
imports including avocados that Trump
has floated could be as high as 20% we
asked someone who helped negotiate the
original NAFTA deal if that's possible
he cannot do it so that will not happen
I mean imposing at a duty or 20% on
Mexican and agricultural products is I
mean he has no powers to do it so it's
an empty empty threat
economists told us the highest duty the
US could impose on avocados is around 7%
but still an increase that US guacamole
lovers would have to pay the biggest
impact will be on the US consumers they
will share the cars with the producers
workers here are concerned more
expensive avocados could mean fewer
sales and jobs Carrie now they and US
consumers can only wait to see how the
upcoming trade negotiations will hit
their green gold John Holman in Mexico
ending our show for this week there's
much more for you though online at
aljazeera.com slash ctc that will take
you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and indeed
entire episodes for you to catch up on
you can also get in touch with us on
twitter at a Finnigan is me please use
the hashtag AJ CTC when you do or you
can drop us an email counting the cost
at al jazeera dotnet our address that's
it for this edition of counting the cost
I'm Adrienne Finnegan from the whole
team here in Doha thanks for being with
us the news is next on al-jazeera
