[Music]
hi guys hi guys today we're gonna be
making yogurt just kidding just kidding
okay yeah today we're gonna start making
things that you guys want us to make you
know put it in the comment section and
one of our subscribers want us today for
adorable this is pork pork adobo is a
Filipino dish if you guys don't know
what it is it's just pork with like
steamed up with like soy sauce base and
you eat it with rice look at water so
we'll make it for you and it will
explain how it tastes like it looks like
that see where it goes so basically the
main ingredient is pork right have some
rice you'll have daily so we put running
about any leaves sorry it just called
life sesame but I don't know if it's the
same thing as believe in me that's very
2+1 [ __ ] get rude ha Muji and when I
put the paprika my mother lost oh gee
coz she was a 50-percent office but I
put chili put chili so is my first time
cooking for my Bobo has a local
physician in a pot and a puff you rmb
got a pot over medium heat will keep oil
where's your office yo internal fire
isn't that too much for you and then add
onions and garlic como too late meriden
doesn't understand what that means like
mmm tomtom dot dot dot dot oh that's
gonna be really gonna cry each open it
so we gotta cut the onion so yeah onions
this goes first you gonna turn
how deep are you okay tell us how to cut
the [ __ ] that's how you cut it you have
to crime I just we're gonna shoot you
and bubbles they can go Your Honor
whenever I don't touch your hand if your
face put everything in military what
yeah that's done season sizzle sizzle
they do this on this you [ __ ] up the
garlic and the onion by my eyes until
limp I don't what that means for it big
time when you criticized on there as my
first time guys and they're a really
long time he filipino to correct those
lesser onions put 14 here's a vision
brutally when a guy at work 444444 cover
today so I'm son I'm not looking how to
make it October master soy sauce soy
sauce soy sauce
cells my hair guy you roll I don't need
it anymore sumana hey my birthday
coiffure they really you I'll check us
out looks good so far close up guy
[Music]
then I saw something on porn and if that
that's been here vinegar for my brother
is adding vinegar put too much I think
it's just a good one cup one cup bring
to a boil [ __ ] ha high water let's put
get a read instead of water oh [ __ ] you
know you never know it might taste
better hold on guys so we put the pot
and the vegetable down to put boy sauce
and some leaves man water and then we're
done right yes oh it smells like vinegar
if you put too much water the boys walk
hmm i see the flavor in it okay whoa I
mean perfect water spurts I'll cook it
and we made it boil for a while and
we're done so yeah guys I'll be comment
with the hell please comment on uh I got
one for the snake so we'll keep cooking
for you guys yeah oh you want an egg to
it boil nice so and we're gonna make
wall there cuz my brother once wore leg
so guys this is the ball it's almost
cooked I think not sure thumbs up if you
guys ride if I wanted life on this video
nah I don't eat it I don't want a lot
last time was like rugby the Philippines
last year but this looks pretty new
jersey okay not be like okay that's the
joy a little bit do you go to let it and
all in sauce go inside of me but think
what water ain't no God no God please no
no deleted
this is my brother
gonna put butter in it why would you
make it look at next year at this time I
like right now head up wood for the
whole head up through a gas with the
moment of the suit bathing suit case we
move it up to send me sour sour by ass
we're perfect perfect [ __ ]
[Music]
perfect
[Music]
oh that [ __ ]
no more soy sauce on this ship a little
more what's up sorry that's our all
rubbish it tastes like boiled up John's
good about doing this thing Steve st.
come on like I love for so guys yeah
that's what to make next thing anything
spaghetti but you know food where you
guys from will try to buy the new DS me
great pain and you guys but one comment
and you guys want to like you guys are
going through like Kate also oh good cuz
its living it's cooking it's like a
great happy like i'm a noob Cooper so it
just tell me like what I need to improve
then I could prove myself ah but this
looks good bro like come on my mother
started yeah start it started eight
minutes up yeah yeah yeah yip yip
they've all egg going everything's good
absolute i doing I'm out I'm hurt yeah
that's cooked goat right let's go sure
the good guys these book the smell of
awesomeness
ok
all right things done hi guys at it's
done I think 10 10 10 9 8 7 6 5 0 3 2 1
star the adobo is done trying to put it
that another taker cool guys hey guys
Trey gonna be okay yoplait oh no the
pants off it has me not that cooking
super cup tennis on what I want no you
eat it anything eatable thing is half
cup good property was perfect no you
want it with adobo sauce so try open the
door ball that is adobo guys there is
all the job schedule the job
Oh
good good if you put some take it so
it's that is so different you don't want
I just isn't it is much better no yeah
this is a tough one the first time I
take the sauce it was kind of salary is
enough I did it I did it right about
anything I think it put a little bit
more something this much better mmm i
ate rice with this just rice and soup I
don't need a beef Jersey yeah I just I'm
just like a soup guy rise and just put
soup yeah this yeah yeah mmm yeah yeah
no no I don't know like I look fitting
in 10 ha ha ha number thing together
explain in Tagalog the priest hard on
yourself in a pinch it in addition good
but I Pelican Bay beeps door element
eurotic happy philippines why don't we
leave this way awesome nikla mmm let's
not beat the sport Bell did I figure a
rapid soup only looks good you put
something right bro something is
different it is so much better so I
didn't taste got a while ago a crazy no
it's not that you still taste a little
bit sourness no gone I think it all seek
through the beef it takes to be fair I
need to be here is it cop the B has to
go it's a community this tender what
take your pick up perfect or more cooked
over cost perfect to me yeah really cook
like is the blood coming out or not it's
good mmm good mmm it's cold I'm no
seriously no it here what I took I'm
skip chewing it
how's it if you explain it row the be
like that that there's no sauce that's
what but inside like this change this
won't be yes together White Sox went
sour sour I don't know why it's our
place our never jury maybe put the salt
and vinegar first so it's deep through
that perfect uh it's a lot sour no no
the big guy just is not so much oh no no
it's the same shape same G pro hmm we
filter sorry ok so i was getting afraid
of anyways mmm this is good yeah after
you take this is this freedom if it's
already put the sauce morning yeah this
work distance to give you like a 9.2
over 10 at of all great things my point
is this is good this is good this is
good this is legit what happened I think
both the one of the boat at least it it
was kind of sandwich guy than I try it
I'm cooking for someone love it let's go
there's no right there's no blood yeah
see you see you see this you see these
guys there's no red inside them it is
really cooked well you don't want to
meet him where so we don't like blood
inside your blood we don't like blood at
urban report so this really nicely done
poker tournament so good before yeah so
it's nicely done cup national blood is
my red marks really good swinging
musical welcome oh my god you need to
the big wall go bug convention is a
handful dude it's good yeah yeah
new fascinating about it I didn't know
this was it was this easy to make
another war [ __ ] he always made
automated for us ok when you get back
when we will make for you for you artist
Anna this has over you meet Jenny come
right and sinigang adobo talk to us what
you guys want to make what you guys
wanted to make next time okay in the
comments below Miller are you okay way
to like and subscribe jabber go go go
yeah my bad
you
this much better hmm hey guys with this
just rice and soup I don't need to be
seriously yeah I just I'm just like a
soup guy rise and just put soup yeah
this yeah yeah mmm yeah ya know like I
love the thing you wanna holla bak ha ha
sober they together explain in Tagalog
the paste on your dog's opinion piece in
addition that's good but um well I can
be deep stove a linear pneumatic happy
philippines why don't we live to sway
sauce in Vila mmm let's not be fit sport
Bell did I faked your athletes upon me
that's good you put something right bro
something is different please so much
there but I didn't taste got a while ago
a crazy no it's not that used to taste a
little sourness no gone I think it I'll
stick through the beef it takes a big
fat piece of ETA is it cooked the B has
to cook it's a community this is tender
or what did y'all pick up mmm perfect or
more cooked over cooked perfectly yeah
really cook like is the blood coming out
oh no it's good good mmm it's cool I
know seriously no hear what I said I'm
skip doing it
okay well how's it does explain it row
the be like that that makes no sauce
that's one but inside like this you
change this won't be room yes to the
hitter would suck so in sour sour I
don't know why it's our place our demo
jury maybe put this arm vinegar first so
it's deep to that perfect I know it's a
lot sour no no no the big I just came
out I know I try this one no it's the
same [ __ ] same g pro hmm your thoughts
are oks hours getting afraid of anyways
mm-hmm this is good there can you said
Martha this is this freedom if it's
already put the salt morning yeah this
one this is good give you like a 9.2
over now but this looks good bro like
come on started yeah sorry sorry eight
minutes up yeah yeah yeah you hear the
ball egg going everything's good
absolute i doing I'm out I'm hurt as you
guys I see the scope note right let's go
sure the good guys facebook this smell
of awesomeness
ok
alright thanks doc hi guys Eddie's done
I think Donna 10 10 9 8 7 6 5 0 3 2 1
star the adobo is done trying put it up
Taylor cook guys hey guys try new yoak
the yolk they all know the time so it
has me not that cook it super cook
menace on what I want no you eat it
finish I eat the whole thing is half cup
good proper human is perfect no you want
it with adobo sauce so try open the door
that is adobo guys tell you though the
job scheduler job
good good did you put something it so
it's that is so different you don't
wanna interstate it is much better no
yeah this is a total the next time I
take the sauce is cows are you would is
it all I did it I did it right up
anything he put a little more hi guys hi
guys today we're gonna be making yogurt
just kidding just kidding okay yeah
today we're gonna start making things
that you guys want us to make you know
put it in the comment section and uh one
of our subscribers wanted us to make
pork adobo this is pork pork adobo is a
Filipino dish if you guys don't know
what it is it's just pork with like
steamed up with like soy sauce space and
you eat it with rice with love the water
so we'll make it for you and we'll
explain how it tastes like it looks like
this you it is so basically the main
ingredient is pork right some rice
you'll have daily so we put we're about
any leaves sorry just called my sesame
but I don't know if it's the same thing
as babies can nip that oh that's very
two plus one [ __ ] get rude ha Muji and
when I put some paprika my mother lost
oh it was cheap cheap with a 50-percent
obsessed with chili put chili so it's my
first time cooking for my Bobo has a
local physician um in a pot and a puff
we use our name
got a pot over medium heat the oil keep
wait where's your office yo internal
fire isn't that too much one and then
add onions and garlic cool to win my
burden doesn't understand what that
means like mmm tomtom dot dot dot dot
that's gonna be really gonna cry each
open it so I'm gonna cut the onion so
yeah onions this goes first you gonna
fire howdy are you okay tell us how to
cut the [ __ ] that's how you cut it you
have to crime is Raghava we should young
bubbles can go here I don't touch your
hands if your face put everything is
assuring military yeah that's done egg
to it boiled eggs so and we're gonna
make wall there cuz my brother once
boiled egg so guys it's the ball it's
almost cooked I think not sure
thumbs up did you guys right yes I went
to life on this video thumbs are you
guys I haven't eaten I don't want a lot
last time was like running the blue
paint last year but this looks pretty
good Julie okay not a good I cup thing
that's the joy a little bit and go to
let it meant all in sauce go inside of
me but they put water in it no God no
God please no no
brother
gonna put butter in it why would you put
one make it over text year this time I
like right now have a mood for the whole
it up to a guy with the moment of the
soup making the toothpaste the moment of
truth send me sour sour by ass okay
perfect perfect [ __ ]
[Music]
birthday
[Music]
so that all right mother father
no more soy sauce on this [ __ ] what a
little more what's up sorry that's our
all broken edges it tastes like boiled
up bronze good come on dude this thing's
you saying come on folks like album for
so guys that's what you mean I think
anything spaghetti with you know food
where you guys from or try to buy the
new DS me crazy and you guys but one
comment and you guys want to like you
guys are going to like hate also oh good
cuz it's living it's cooking is already
right every like I'm a new cooker so it
just tell me like what I need to improve
select good prove myself sizzle sizzle
sizzle they do this without the garlic
and the onion oh man my eyes until late
I don't what that means for I guess its
peak time we did for the soy sauce
that's my first time guys and they're a
really long time p Filipino food right
so lets people on onions it was one poll
here is a very brutally when a guy has
working for 444
sorry son i'm not looking how to make it
October master soy sauce soy sauce soy
sauce
tells my haircut ah you roll I don't
need it anymore my my birthday Buffy
with it you watch it looks good so far
close up guy
then you i thought i saw that part and
it said that vinegar vinegar first my
brother is adding vinegar put too much i
think it says david one cup one cup
bring to a boil [ __ ] ah why water water
let's put getter instead of water oh
[ __ ] you never know I'm a taste better
oh sorry guys so we put the pot and the
vegetable mountain footboy sauce and
some leaves and water and then we're
done right yes oh it smells like vinegar
I think put too much water to boil what
hmm I see the flavor in it okay whoa I
mean perfect waters person oh okay and
we make it boil for a while and we're
done so yeah guys I'll be comment with
that please comment on uh guys 1 plus
net so we'll keep going for you guys
yeah all you want
