what's going on guys it is report to you
man we back with a prayer - reaction
video guy lives so excited for this
[ __ ] video man - kids playing 101 -
kids play 101 the Philippines man Kyrie
Irving crossover moves we've got to see
some low as kids film about to watch the
little kids
tear it up on the corner so I'm gonna
tell others video man I hope you guys
had to shout out the W gameplay man the
dude has some let as videos on his
channel man so if you heard of his
channel ready man link in the
description go check it out I'm
subscribed to the bro but he to post so
many videos damn and it's so dope so you
wanna go check it out man linked up in
the description but either way let's get
to the video man let's get this way oh
come here
[Applause]
hi hi you learn that bond better you
watch Kyrie Irving huh yeah look at this
looking like a mini tears out there back
in my younger life and go wave room you
may be small but useful
behind-the-back spin back him down back
him down cameraman come on Oh post game
oh hey cookies Oh
up and under Oh through I saw with the
loo no update
no how old are these kids man these cos
gotta be like six seven years old break
him down
Albright no yelling a few more years you
got that few more years you gotta lay
that out dad look he left him in the
dust few more years you what I love is
stronger we gotta cut that up there Oh
easy
oh yeah working cameraman what are you
doing
thank you
excuse me how big are we going back
we're gonna but you see their kid came
like that's that that pullback move is
not something that you you're just born
with like that's something that you know
you what people do you practice that
they can like what seven years old
nearly delicious start come on come on
we gotta watch that again man okay yeah
like I said it feel strong anybody got
that watch this watch this
come in come in come in oh god okay
how you doing him like that man
if he makes him fall I'm leaving if he
makes him fall I'm walking out will make
it make it make it just oh no let's not
a kid right here in the red shirt is lit
let's look at this hand OU's look at
hidden he had him with that first one
then he just got him with this one that
second one you got over at that first
one if you would have had that hat oh
wait is all muscle he just had a weight
room oh hey Manny pushing him ed he met
him my god oh my darling this kid
Domini
yeah oh that would be rich or you don't
teach him a lesson get the ball back he
hit of a [ __ ]
he reaches you teachers give me that
you're gonna freak on me imma drop a
bucket on you hey is of it oh I want to
go back and watch that first time he
crossed the dude up that [ __ ] was dirty
will fall was it what part was it and
I'll find it alright I think I found the
fire it's right here you know much from
there for her this kid handle my come
once he works on this [ __ ] look at this
cost of home - it was dirty that she was
dating like I say the feel was strong I
think it's a play out for this but
that's like honey my god I think it's
already here it is here it is here it is
here it is don't reach man you've
reached out teach Skype get your ass
over here key chance back in come back
here boy
[Applause]
and they ballin and Pepe I just peeked
that - man these kisses Bolin in their
feet and they don't look like that these
kids it's nasty man oh my god this was a
little video I loved seeing young teller
like this you really know these kids
love - boy they're like they're in beep
man they are just mmm
Hollenbeck crossing over little cross
cross cross like possible so universal
man like just legit just give the kid a
ball and a hope and hours hours and
hours of of just fun give a kid a ball
getting some homies what you meant
and I guarantee for like five plus hours
you guys have just gone ball up and just
have like the best time your life and
that's what looks like here they all
like China low brothers came in so far I
think there's some buddies look brothers
obviously ain't no they gotta get like
you just play 101 and there's no PES
video came from it that little boy you
know he watches you know he's got some
freaking idols than the pbn MBA who he
just mimics and he's cuz he's sorry he's
got courses like that his poker game
dish is so lethal man I don't want to
say like look out for him because I he's
young man like he's obviously got like a
lot of years I hit him before no his
game really really developed but I could
like I got that future I could see into
the future
no I'm saying I got that in me I can see
into the future kid's gonna be real I
don't know his name is his name Carly
Carly
cuz that's what they sports in the time
I don't know if this is actual name Kali
a or what his name is
the kid is the kids like seven and his
roars five either way I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video if you guys to
give it a big thumbs up in a few to my
channel hit that subscribe button down
below really doesn't move up if you want
to see me wrecked another kind of video
making them down in the comment section
below and I'll get a wrench written to
majority of most of them when I can but
either way or the other enjoyed today's
video and I'll see you guys all in the
next one
[Music]
