and if you follow that hashtag you can
win a public viewing of these two guys
eating 20 below - this week Oh
[Music]
good morning guys and welcome to a
beautiful day in Baggio city of the
Philippines we just woke up to an
amazing view here in Padua Sydney this
little town here in the mountains
doesn't cease to amaze us essentially we
arrived here yesterday late at night and
we couldn't see the views and when I got
up this morning and I walked out here
first of all huge shock no electricity
means no coffee for Mike and no internet
kind of went crazy there for an hour but
then I saw the view are not like this
wow this day is gonna be it's freaking
amazing the apartment we staying at is
really really nice I slept super well
even though the mattress is a little bit
hard for some reason I slept really well
right now I'm just popping all the data
from my SD card and then we're gonna go
and have breakfast and I think we're
gonna have some Filipino breakfast at a
cute little spot that's just 15 Roachy
minutes away from here how you guys
doing today
good really good within the same stuff
we're looking forward to breakfast and
coffee it's amazing so thank you you're
welcome
yeah we're hungry it's it's later than
we had breakfast yesterday we said
Wehling in the cell finally did we an
early breakfast and then took about six
hours to get reaching so you guys see
the fiasco on our channel with the
rental car they they documented
everything that happened with the rental
car yesterday get out and the end we got
the in here and as I mentioned in the
video yesterday we're lucky that you
guys recommended a spots to us on
Instagram a rental case if you guys had
the synthesis recommendation we'd still
be sitting in Manila
Mele is looking glamorous with a new
t-shirt no prints yes I guess I can't be
in the blocks yeah but we started off
the day with this amazing cuff that we
in Taipei which is the mountain kids
coffee roasters they like single serve
coffee bags in here not exactly good for
nature but good for my coffee mood and
then we were like a bunch of mess here
from camera gears it's all ours like
these guys are very clean it's guys are
very cute actually George George cleaned
up your mess this morning that you made
me a statue oh we're supposed to be
we're supposed to be older more
responsible just look at this I'm just
like what about where my shoes here
second Lucy is busy finishing off the
blog from yesterday how's it coming or
not I'm gonna stop bad things I'm gonna
hop in the shower and get ready because
I I'm almost as smelly as Roach here so
let's get this day started
[Music]
it's
midnight
[Music]
sweet
your citrus PR live I'm running over
somebody all right I'm trying to
navigate through these very narrow roads
and the smart to find a parking spot for
the low road cheetah but it's proven to
be a little bit more of a challenge than
I had anticipated this is like
everything is chock-a-block full I just
reverse found a one-way street
lady just gave me dirty look another
lady just gave me a smile running people
over the left right and center but
having a good time at it still no
parking very hungry also I can't find
the entrance to this visit seemingly a
parking garage but I for the life of me
can't find the entrance see here that
would be parking but it says no parking
she will just be cheeky in dyspraxia
yell at the people and ask if we can
park here because maybe the no parking
is in front of that sign so how's the
parking situation over here
it's resolved now it took with that half
an hour of driving around trying I
didn't think we'd get one genuinely I
didn't think of their space we've had to
change our restaurant as well I'm to one
that's a bit out center
hey guys
they were trying to get me to
participate them in Rossum I guess I'm
not gonna lie this was a little bit of a
challenge driving around in this town
but we finally got parking spots full
Roachy now we're just got to find the
restaurant seems to be able allow yeah
it is a beautiful beautiful day -
they're just blue skies and really nice
it's not too hot but my son I think
we're gonna get a little bit of a tan
today without sweating it's like this is
what it feels like in Cape Town it's
like cool yeah but it's really strong
son
[Music]
so this part looks actually I get a
family spot a family go-to spot so I
think we are in a good place so we
ordered a few dishes actually over two
dishes the one this is the Liam hole
which is kind of a grilled pork over
open fire which I really like and the
second dish is a beef broccoli and then
four orders of garlic rice and some
water it's really inexpensive I mean the
beef broccoli plus under 20 pays us and
should be enough for two people it's
[Music]
[Applause]
on a scale from one to ten comfortable
with the company it was very comfortable
there was even a light switch so I could
see my house not that we will just know
we don't know what to do without it
we're slowly adjusting so I'm not quite
sure actually we said no no soup but
this might be like yeah it's might just
be a souped up yeah it's not a soup that
everybody just gets kind of as it
started to cleanse your palate before
you jump into the piece it's really hot
it smells fresh
we bring spring onions in here that's
nice that is a nice broth
it's always so surprising come to these
smaller restaurants not expecting much
then you go in and food is always
amazing
yeah that Liam product saga
which way is it not maybe garlic
[Music]
yeah it's a common especially when
you're starving I'm kind of glad we
didn't find talking at the restaurant
yes so I'm gonna get some of this damper
on my plate and then of course the way I
love to find the info is I like to get
one of these smaller dishes get some
fancy with the cover man's in there get
some small little chilies and I love
these chilies in the Philippines because
they kind of you just crack them open
and I splash the chili nests into your
into your Monte I'll need some soy sauce
from up there
that's where the money's at you know
something as well I got a nice serving
of rice a beautiful piece of tiempo and
then I dumped it into auto amazing sauce
mixture not standard again beautifully
Todd roasted sour salty oh god this is
amazing
this is not breakfast food always tastes
better when this is nothing beats
grilled meat delicious
so guys now you're gonna see what a
straight MVP Mele is cuz she's gonna
drive from here on out and I'm gonna do
the vlogging so straight-up MVP
[Music]
so I'm doing a little block takeover
mike is currently flying the drone
George and Lucy are looking for a
restaurant before we had into the
strawberry field I put on some red
lipstick for beautiful Instagram
pictures yeah so far I am really
impressed by the city it's beautiful
it's absolutely stunning it is
completely different than I imagined it
it's even better which is a very very
nice experience how is it going
everything okay yeah getting slowly but
surely getting into mind controlling the
drone yeah I want to say safely but with
a certain amount of confidence
confidence yes the problem was never
safety the problem was confident after
the crash yeah by the way for those of
you who are new to this channel Mike
unfortunately crashed his drone
Indonesia last year he was really sad
about it and since then we didn't have a
drone and last time in the Philippines
we actually got a new drone and yeah
comes in very handy to have some very
beautiful cinematics cinematic shots
from above and I knew the Rope really
yeah
[Music]
we know we got a lot of recommendations
for those days but we also were told
that it's very close you thought we
wanted to check it out
nonetheless because it really looks cute
just got a drone shut up the
surroundings that's really nice now
we're going to go inside and no eating
inside the farm guys yeah don't don't
eat too much fruit otherwise you won't
finish your Letran later on each farmer
has their own patch we've got a range
I mean strawberries of strawberries but
we seem to have a big range here of
individual farmers we're gonna go and
ask them if we can pick their
strawberries now the question is who's
got the basket then we need a dramatic
walk-off
[Music]
oh it's really nice and can't live here
if you like insect cars in the distance
slight breeze is really nice just
strolling through here so now we're
gonna try and figure out where they have
these little baskets so we can go pick
some strawberries ultimately eat them I
guess but not in the farm but not in the
farm no eating in the farm guys stop
asking it's not gonna happen all sorts
of animals must be a dream for you yeah
every feels it's your favorite thing
strawberries are my second favorite
thing well but I this is why the
watermelon feels that you can go and
pick your anyway all right you guys were
right
it's a touristy thing to do we're
heading out again oh it was cute to see
definitely and it was nice to walk
around here but now we're going to go to
a we think it's a secret spot right not
many people know about this we'll check
that out no original ice cream covering
the purpose is here it has a hundred
thousand feet Wow I depend upon the Gold
Club
if the cone small one is thirty the big
one is fifty and we've just got 650 also
back to the web back to the web
[Music]
so we were just that's a viewpoint but
unfortunately we didn't see any Sun the
view was absolutely stunning but we saw
some light peeking from the other side
so we went to the other side
unfortunately this is a residential area
so there are no lookout points here but
the good news is we have a drone Mika's
currently flying the drone to get some
amazing shots
[Music]
so we were able to get some sunset shots
with the drone these guys convinced me
to fly the drone I'm slacking a little
bit in confidence with flying the drone
we mentioned it before but slowly but
surely it's coming back and I'm getting
the drone my more in the air getting
more cinematics for you guys also we've
shot a few pictures now which I think
will turn up yeah they will go on there
today yeah so there's more reason to
follow us on Instagram and see all the
searches all the behind-the-scenes
shooting so yeah follow the hashtag who
hasn't photos - ha ha ha
hashtag yet we're putting in the work
for you guys you got it join us in the
amazingness of the making a juicy
roadtrip hashtag making make it easy on
the road yeah oh yeah everything is in
one piece and if you follow that hashtag
you can win a public viewing of these
two guys eating 20 below - this week Oh
[Music]
so we just made a quick stop at
Starbucks because I need some coffee but
it takes quite a while because these
Starbucks are really busy
I must Sam study to miss specialty
coffee Starbucks is it's okay and it's
the only thing you got but you guys know
I like fancy schmancy coffee's your
machine I currently don't have one
ah well then we can just God espresso
machine in the boot alright we've
returned to the apartment gotten some
work done you just published our block
from the first day of the road trip
which was yesterday and so far the
response has been really good you guys
seem to be loving this road trip which
makes me very excited and motivates me
to get editing the second day the day of
today today's video essentially but now
we're heading out to the good taste cafe
and restaurant here in budge Pacquiao
Biagio Babuyan Biagio whatever you guys
know what I mean
it supposed to be the best rated
restaurant here so we're gonna try and
order like all the Filipino dishes on
the menu and try everything and I fill
up the table and try everything
just got a carafe we're heading down now
- was it good good good taste restaurant
and cafe
what's the difference difference sir so
many complete vegetables chicken egg and
rice okay what we'll do is we'll take
the Pahlavi editor so how big are these
portions but how big is it like this
like that I like fake fight big paper
smoke that like us okay okay
so take the Letran Kabaddi the suey
because we've been indulging today was a
lot of food and it came to a grand total
of a thousand pesos and fifty thousand
and fifty pesos so really an expensive
we had a lot of dishes then we finished
off with four cups of coffee and the
cocoa the blogging this is the real life
what time is it it's currently 2:22 a.m.
to 22 am is determined to get these
blocks out and ready so we're quite
tired right yeah yeah I don't want to be
you right now and then you have some
other work to do less fun what to do
yeah now I have to start with my actual
walk but I just posted office pictures
from this trip so head over to Instagram
smiley
all right guys you see that is the
glamorous life of youtubers travel
youtubers just to show you that the same
phony 2:30 3:00 in the morning the 40
and the reality is also that we have to
get up early tomorrow
booked flights booked hotel rooms pack
our bags get rid of those nonsense a
mess here so I will close the block as I
said before if you enjoyed this video
smash that thumbs up button subscribe if
you new follow everybody on Instagram
there is a link tree and the pinned
comment hit that and you'll be able to
access our Facebook YouTube Instagram
you can follow us everywhere just
absolutely go crazy and spam both our
videos of this day thank you for tuning
in and thanks for all the
recommendations we got for the north of
the Philippines road trip they free
commences tomorrow good night
[Music]
