what's up everybody's our friendly
neighborhood hunter little back again
with another reaction video as always by
my side hot sam of them and today we're
coming at you as one a lot of y'all have
requested this one is you peeps and it
is from the hip hop international world
to Peter World Finals for 9006 teams we
watched the joy dance showdown with
jellybean crew the jelly fans up against
the you peeps team and it was amazing it
was really well done
and we wanted to do more reactions to
dance team something that because I'm
I'm a big fan of hip hop dance I think
it's really cool I always wish I could
do it I'm a little bit of a big blow to
be able to do it but I thought it would
be fun to watch more of these videos and
a lot of you requested this video after
we watch a giant show so let's go ahead
and check this out I'm super white right
now because
oh so they like represented the
Philippines
oh that's all time I hope they just put
up like military drills oh so many of
them this is so insane hello I thought
like half of them doing something at the
same time we were much more added
heelflip yeah yeah I'm watching y'all I
was like a whopping beautiful slender
back hello Lola bring opponent oh my god
just check out their hands a little
precision
[Music]
unlesss happy our feelings our hands is
like they're like throwing my blown away
I'm like trying to see if anybody's like
honest things like if we have a mouse
scenario yeah yeah but if like
everybody's excited I love you some
literature I know how they got going I
love that looks like a
well they just like bail someone armed
our would break in half the Kyrgyz
awesome the balance and coordination of
his daily life phenomenal
[Music]
here we go here we go here we go here we
go yeah also there is a good like a
boring moment
yeah i digesting giggling is tired all
right all right
I also won't have a keep rotating how
many people are on phasers
I know probably cus they need a breather
limited there's evil against me but I
can't even like to get all in my bird as
I can't close them then blink Oh get the
mg over there
me
like an ocean yeah what make us male why
what rap holy water how do i watch all
of them like all the countries it was
freakin awesome that's amazing
like I'm like so in Wrentham yeah maybe
they could teach you some dance moves
maybe we could join him hip hop
international Philippine [ __ ] I
don't think I can never be qualified
even in my wildest dream I mean I'll
cheer on the side you want to do want to
send me you keep shoot I'll wear bring
me like some pom-poms and I'll be the
cheerleader I'm just blown away oh yeah
I've seen dance crews before anyone we
watched a jolly didn't show no we saw a
small group yeah we thought then that
they were like four or five of them like
yeah like we saw all of the people but I
didn't get to see like a grand
performances and it's like this is
insane like getting four or five people
to get completely in sync to where it's
like you know they look flawless and
then getting like what 40 50 people yeah
I think like that how crazy I don't know
how I do not know and you know what like
I think also like I like a huge
appreciation because I was in school I
was in marching man and whenever you
know with March on Friday and Saturday
and then Monday morning we'd watch our
footage we'd watched it they recorded
our performance and you could see like
our lives would never be straight and
it's just like thinking about that girl
reminded of a little bit her home yeah
but but like me being in that our band
couldn't do it for nothing and there's a
blast on actually what marching bands
yeah it was really interesting your
ceilings in a comic book characters and
legs they make a game character I've
seen one where they made Superman and
they made him like slide you ever see
those yeah we should react to my my high
school marching band was
playing a solo is on the internet we
should react to it cringe calm and
yelling except my my solo is majestic
cringe come fire let us know as you've
got in the comment section down below
told any of the videos you'd like us to
see in the future talks including if
people like us to react to Sam's
marching band video or other marching
band videos and hip hop dance videos
because I'm really interesting these and
I've watched a lot of those before
because they're really cool they are
cool Arzo Nicole I think you're so high
o state does all the really cool but
yeah they do really let us yeah I think
so um yeah I would love to do some that
if y'all want to see on the channel I
don't know I've never thought to do that
before but if you like this video click
that but turns blue when you touch it
not everything does what they do hot
damn t-shirt it does where get it over
at T spring calm slash hot salmon before
we go today we're going to make sure to
give a shout out to our top patrons over
here and she Kusama and kim williams
thank you for always being by our side
if you want to become a patron go to
patreon.com/scishow geckos TV you can
get exclusive content first looks at
videos world's access to some videos
that will never be on the YouTube
channel big ones and so hopefully you
guys enjoyed it we absolutely love
seeing you every single day yes please
we'll see you tomorrow we love you Bay
