Kim jong-un's chief of staff is spotted
in Vladivostok Russia where he's
presumed to be making preparations for a
summit there between the North Korean
leader and Vladimir Putin the Bank of
Korea lowers its GDP forecast for Korea
this year by a tenth of a percent
the reason was weakness in exports but
things are expected to turn around later
in the year and president moon jae-in in
Turkmenistan visits a Korean built
chemical plant he and the Turkmen leader
have agreed to expand their country's
ties especially in the lucrative energy
sector it's 4 o'clock p.m. here in Seoul
thanks for joining us on our afternoon
newscast
I'm Devin whiting Kim jong-un's de-facto
chief of staff Kim Jong Sun is in
Vladivostok this week amid speculation
that the North Korean leader himself
will go there next week for a summit
with President Putin Japan's Fuji News
Network has aired footage taken on
Wednesday that it said showed Kim Jong
son inspecting the area near Vladivostok
station that's backed up by Japan's
Kyodo news agency which cited Russian
officials as saying a high-level North
Korean official was in the city that
also apparently Kim Chang sung a summit
set for next week has been confirmed by
the Russian Foreign Ministry according
to the Russian daily Izvestia that paper
said Putin will sit down with Kim before
he travels to China for the one belt one
road summit on April 26th and 27th both
Kim jong-un and Donald Trump have said
they'd like to have another summit in
principle but president Trump's national
security adviser says for that to happen
there'd have to be a real indication
from North Korea that it's
denuclearizing Kim yo Sun reports White
House National Security Advisor John
Bolton has called for more evidence from
North Korea that suggests a regime is
ready to abandon its nuclear weapons
before the leaders of Pyongyang and
Washington sit down for a third summit
in an interview with Bloomberg on
Wednesday he also said the u.s. hope to
see quote a real indication from the
north that it has made a strategic
decision
to give up its nuclear weapons he also
explained that President Trump is fully
prepared to hold a third summit if he
can get a real deal Bolton's remarks
seem to be in line with Washington's
stance that it will not rush while
opening up the possibility for a third
summit it's also seen as a reformation
of the need for practical
denuclearization measures by the north
before resuming the nuclear negotiations
that aim to reach quote a big deal
regarding a possible third summit
president Trump said earlier in the week
that North Korea u.s. dialogue does not
have to move quickly but added that a
third meeting with Kim jong-un would be
good Misun arirang news in football
South Korea's very own son who men
forward for Tottenham Hotspur scored the
crucial goal on Wednesday for his team
against Manchester City to take
Tottenham to the Champions League
semi-final that makes son the top
scoring player from Asia in the league's
history lee seung-jae reports epic is an
understatement to describe the second
leg of the Champions League
quarter-finals matchup between Tottenham
Hotspur and Manchester City after
scoring the lone goal in Tottenham's one
nil win in the first leg Soleiman didn't
wait long to add more goals to his
already impressive tally after Man City
got on the scoreboard after just four
minutes the South Korean international
answer back with goals in the seventh
and tenth minute scoring a double in the
first 10 minutes of the match the match
ended with Manchester City winning 4-3
but a 4/4 aggregate with Tottenham
scoring three big away goals means the
London club advanced to the semifinals
soon however will not be able to play in
the first leg of the semis with the
yellow in this match the second he's
accumulated in the quarterfinals
despite that the double gaze on his 19th
and 20th goal in all competition this
season but also his 12th career goal in
Champions League play he surpasses
Uzbekistani legend and Moxie Mycoskie
who scored 11 career Champions League
goals during his career suona scored his
first ever Champions League goal back in
2014 while he was with Bayer Leverkusen
in
bundesliga at the time fast for less
than five years he's now the top-scoring
asian player in Champions League history
Eason J Arirang news South Korea's
central bank has lowered the country's
economic growth forecast for this year
to 2.5 percent as for why the BOK
pointed to sluggish exports and
investment godean he reports the Bank of
Korea on Thursday lured South Korea's
economic growth forecast for this year
to 2.5 percent this is now from its
earlier projection of 2.6 percent back
in January as for why the central bank
pointed to two main reasons the bok has
lowered its growth forecast for this
year by 0.1 percentage points this is
because exports and investment were more
sluggish than expected in the first
quarter we expect the growth trend to
gradually recover in the future thanks
to the expansion of fiscal spending and
improvement in exports and investment
figures the announcement comes after
Korea's outbound shipments decrease on
year for four consecutive months mainly
due to poor chip sales facilities
investment also dropped by more than 10
percent on-month in February on a
brighter note things are looking better
in private consumption and employment
consumption is expected to grow
moderately by 2.5 percent the BOK
expects 140,000 new jobs to be added
this year from last year's figure of
100,000 reflecting the slowing over
economic growth the Bank of Korea on
Thursday also kept its benchmark
interest rate unchanged at one point
seventy five percent for April the
central bank has maintained its key rate
at the same level since November last
year when it raised the rate by a
quarter of a percentage point when the
BOK explained the background behind the
decision it points to the low inflation
rate
Korea's consumer price index fell to
within the 0 to 1 percent range mainly
due to the drop in prices of
agricultural and petroleum goods the
central bank predicts the index will
rise by
point one percent this year analyst
added this move comes after many major
countries such as the United States
affirmed their commitment to being
patient with monetary policies while the
BOK believes the nation's economic
growth will continue in line with this
potential growth rate the bank said it
will keep his accommodative monetary
policy because of demand and
inflationary pressure isn't that great
Houdini Arirang news now it's time to
check up on the market action on this
Thursday and for that we have on the
line mr. Daniel you global strategist at
QM securities mr. you thanks for joining
us today
thank you for having me so we just heard
the Bank of Korea decided to keep
interest rates steady but it's lowered
its forecast for GDP growth to just two
and a half percent now the interest rate
decision was pretty much expected but
how did the local markets react today
yes today is market and quite severely
down by more than 1.5 percent on the
both markets of the Kospi and KOSDAQ as
you said the rate was capped at 1.75
percent last year November was the time
when they raised the rate from 1.5
percent to 1.75 percent but now since
that the yoake continually made it at
the crime rate reason for that is
because the u.s. bad is no longer
playing to raise interest rate from
current range of 2.25 to 2.5% and the
korean central bank will be likely to
keep this rate probably for a while some
are expecting that there must be some
kind of rate cut in order to boost the
economy but that's not going to happen
unless there is a rate cut from coming
from u.s. or China in the future it
seems that the okay we'll use the
wait-and-see strategy since that there
is a supplementary budget coming through
over by 7 trillion won 10 boosting
economic growth rates but nevertheless
they have lowered the economy go
straight to 2.5% and that has resulted
in too negatively to the Korean equity
market today yeah definitely some
pressure taken off to be ok for now but
yesterday we got the GDP GDP
figures from China for the first quarter
better than expected there at 6.4%
stocks on Wall Street pretty steady
after that what are the global markets
doing today right in generally global
market is taking a bleeder there have
been quite strong market movement in the
first quarter and I think they were
expecting somewhat of a stabilization of
the Chinese economic growth rate after
strong economic numbers most of the
economies show the equity market taking
a bleeder Chinese market as well
they were down slightly the number that
came through was GDP growth rate of 6.4
percent and also industrial production
of 8.5% growth retail sales was up 8.7%
while the whole fixed asset investment
rose six point three percent it seems
that these numbers indicating that
Chinese economic construction is
continuing and this should allow further
equity market potential in the future
but for the time being because of such a
strong movement due to the liquidity
injection
it seems that of global market in
general they're taking some leaders and
that might last for a little bit while
got it well there's big news in the tech
sector with apple and Qualcomm deciding
to bury the hatchet on their dispute
over patent licensing so that opens the
door for Apple to use Qualcomm chips in
its 5g phones there had of course been
hopes that it might turn to another
company like Samsung yes as you said
Qualcomm and Apple decided to end Pat's
Android legal dispute and sign seven
years contract between the both
companies call combated all on it's
better bitter dispute with Apple and won
it so now after the fight was over the
stock price of Perham is soaring close
to 40% Qualcomm will continue to charge
Apple loyalties for its patents and also
Apple will pay Qualcomm a substantial
fee as a part of the agreement
now with this news the 5g investment
should accelerate in the future of
course the competition works as well in
this case we think that Samsung should
benefit rather than the negatively
affected because there could be stronger
demand for 5g phones as Samsung is the
leading IT company would apply to
technologies we think that this has a
broader implication for the force
industrial revolutions including data
centers as well as the cloud computing
and affecting through the 5g phones
introductions so we do continue to have
positive views in regards to the IT
sector in Global's segmentation so
either way opportunities for Korean
manufacturers here as well all right mr.
Yeo thanks but that's where we'll have
to leave it today thanks for your
insights today thank you very much now
South Korean president Mun Jane is in
Central Asia this week visiting three
countries so far he's been to
Turkmenistan where on this Thursday he's
touring a massive petrochemical plant
built by Korean companies his next
destination is Uzbekistani
our Shin Semin files this report from
the Turkmen capital noshka by President
moon jae-in will wrap up his three-day
state visit to Turkmenistan on Thursday
by visiting a site that's a source of
pride for many Koreans he travels to the
Western port city of Turkmenbashi
Qian Lee home to a petrochemical plant
built by a global consortium led by
Korea's Hyundai engineering and LG
international completed late last year
the plant is the largest petrochemical
factory anywhere in Central Asia and the
first such plant in Turkmenistan with
the capacity to turn out to 6 million
tons of natural gas annually handy
engineering says the petrochemical
products from the plant could generate
profits of up to 600 million u.s.
dollars for the Turkmen government every
year and geopolitically speaking
Turkmenistan sits on the path of the
South Korean president envisioned new
northern policy that includes arisia
nations and Russia with the South Korean
leader actually leaving a footprint at
the petrochemical site president moon
hopes to ultimately drive more
steals between the two nations it's a
win-win strategy given that South Korea
has been losing out to big overseas
odors in recent years while
Turkmenistan's over dependence on few
neighboring countries was driven home in
2015 when Russia cut gas imports from
Turkmenistan and with the support of
their leaders more lucrative deals could
be on the horizon for South Korea during
their summon the two leaders agreed to
further enhance cooperative businesses
for the second and the third key Onley
projects built on their bilateral trust
and friendship the two also agreed on
Wednesday to upgrade their energy plant
cooperation while seeking ways to expand
their ties in the fields of health
medical care and ICT after promising a
prosperous future corporation president
moon will embark on a second leg of his
trip in central asia and hedge to is
Pakistan where the two countries already
enjoy close trade Shin Semin Arirang
news ash Chabad as we just heard South
Korea and Turkmenistan have agreed to do
more together in terms of the energy
sector and Korea has already built
significant trust with its Turkmen
partners by building power plants in the
country our Park hae-jin has more on
those projects south korea street volume
where Turkmenistan is relatively low but
has great potential for growth main
exports to Turkmenistan include
automobiles metal goods and IT devices
while imports enter on textiles but the
most promising growth comes from the
energy sector the value of construction
orders receive for energy plants amounts
to a total of 10 billion u.s. dollars as
of this month South Korean companies
earned essential Asian countries trust
by successfully building numerous energy
plants contributing to the Turkmen
economy global consortium said by Korean
firms completed a natural gas processing
plant in Gao knish and a petrochemical
plant in Kim Lee the Kyani plant alone
is expected to generate an annual profit
of 600 million dollars for the
Turkmenistan government and with the
leaders of South Korea and Turkmenistan
have
agreed to push for further cooperation
in the area it's anticipated that
president moon Danes visit this week
will create momentum for landing further
deals on energy projects
Turkmenistan also boasts the world's
fourth largest supply of natural gas
making up to 10% of global reserves
South Korea hopes to boost cooperation
in developing resources in its efforts
to diversify industries and with the two
countries having signed a MoU use during
their bilateral summits economic
cooperation is also expected to advance
in other sectors such as transportation
logistics ICT health care and sports
packaging Arirang news the South Korean
government will submit a supplementary
budget proposal to the National Assembly
next Thursday that plan is expected to
be worth up to 6.2 billion u.s. dollars
to be spent on issues related to
people's safety
and to protect against risks to the
economy
Kim Minji reports preparations for the
third supplementary budget if the
minjiang government are well underway at
a meeting between the government and the
ruling Democratic Party on Thursday the
two sides set the focus of the extra
budget will be dealing with matters
related to people's safety as well as
taking pre-emptive measures against
economic uncertainties timing is key for
the impact of the extra budget when it's
submitted to Parliament local
governments will need to draw up
follow-up measures the government will
submit the bill on April 25th the
government will also set up a task force
for the Swift deliberation of the budget
for starters the government plans to
increase infrastructure that can measure
a monitor fine dust levels as well as
come up with ways to reduce emissions
the plans also include providing air
purifiers and facilities used by the
general public and mass for the
underprivileged who work outdoors the
budget will also be used to provide
support for those affected by the recent
forest fires that broke out Encounter
province that includes measures to
restore forests as well as strengthen
equipment and manpower to fight fires
and provide support for the victims in
the region a portion will also be set
aside to provide assistance to the
southeastern city of Pohang
was hit by a 5.4 magnitude earthquake in
2017 a recent investigation said that
the quake was a man-made disaster that
could have been triggered by
experimental geothermal power plant the
government said it will step up on-site
monitoring and management of geothermal
power plants as well as provide policy
funds for small businesses and the
self-employed in the region some of the
budget will also be used to tackle
downside economic risks especially with
gloomy outlooks for the global economy
as well as the slump in Korea's exports
and investments funding support will be
provided for small companies while the
government will also devise customized
measures for exporters the two sides
says the country's tax revenue will be
considered when drawing out the extra
budget the figure is not expected to
exceed 6.2 billion u.s. dollars the
ruling party called for cooperation from
the opposition bloc saying they should
put their political interests aside as a
budget is for the people
opposition support is a must a number of
opposition parties have been demanding
the drawing up of one extra budget for
natural disasters and another separate
one for other purposes but this is just
seen as a political tactic the budget is
for two people's safety and to boost
their livelihoods the government is
aiming to get the bill passed in maine
but deliberations are expected to be
tough while the opposition have welcomed
a supplementary budget to help victims
of natural disasters they say they will
not accept it being used to sway voters
sentiment in the ruling party's favor
ahead of next year's general elections
Kim Minji Arirang news
this year South Korea and the
Philippines are celebrating 70 years of
diplomatic relations and in light of
that anniversary they've decided to
pursue a bilateral free trade agreement
South Korea's trade Minister Yoo Myung
hee in Manila on Wednesday said she and
her counterpart there had agreed to
strengthen their ties in economy and
trade they decided to finalize the
negotiations in time for November when
the asean-korea commemorative summit
will take place in Busan bilateral trade
last year between South Korea and the
Philippines reached 15.6 billion US
dollars making the Philippines South
Korea's fifth biggest trading partner
among the ASEAN member countries
the South Korean government said a
bilateral FTA would help to expand
Korea's trade and investment prime
minister ena Yan has announced a big new
step towards deregulation the government
is putting its allow first regulate
later approach into law so companies can
take bold decisions without getting tied
up in red tape under the new measure
companies will be able to run multiple
types of businesses at a single Factory
currently for the most part factories
can only make what they're licensed to
make but as soon as this September
they'll be officially allowed to branch
out beyond manufacturing into services
the government is hoping greater synergy
will revitalize the local economy South
Korean chemical companies are being
accused of colluding with the firms that
measure pollution at their factories to
fake the data on fine dust emissions
according to the Environment Ministry on
Wednesday a hunt 235 chemical factories
at the industrial complex in Yasu had
asked for measurement agencies to
fabricate records on air pollutant
emissions over the past four years
those companies include LG Chem and
Hanwha Chemical whose emissions of vinyl
chloride were 173 times higher than the
standard the ministries reported six
firms to the police and plans to expand
the investigation if you spend any time
in Korea chances are you'll come across
some foreigners who can speak the Korean
language quite fluently there are untold
millions of people around the world who
can't speak it - some big
many of whom attended language classes
here in Korea a one jung-hwan takes a
look at where why and how they learn the
language when King Sejong invented
Hangul the Korean alphabet and writing
system
hoping to broadly benefit mankind he
couldn't have possibly have meant people
on the other side of the planet
but centuries later the Korean language
is being taught to foreigners at
Institute's across the country including
the Korean language education center at
Seoul National University the Institute
was established in 1969 to teach Korean
language and culture to international
students intending to learn Korean as a
foreign language or their second
language over 28,000 students from more
than 90 countries have graduated from
the programs laid out by the Institute
and the program invites some 500
students every semester from overseas in
fact the number of such students has
been growing sharply over the past few
years to the point where some are saying
that the number of foreign students of
Korean literature and language is
similar to the number of locals experts
say that such a phenomenon comes from
the increasing number for nationals
who want to become Korean language
specialists but some say studying at
language centers isn't always the best
way to learn a language I think I can
fungi okay Sarang
okay our own moon jumbo hand and a snail
you park a so you know throw some good
water
okay one minute okay tangled timber and
one increasing torch will compile one
okay check out what I mean yeah I'm a
CBI supporting young grass okay hang in
Iran Kambakkht Ishq around good you can
see me cool Hanna they got my cup soggy
but she's 300 cachinga Ganga water
Oh tokyo came back a maria had in the
video
don't elaborate on yourself oh cement
oral conscious and isis
and on top of that even when watching
their favorite shows in their free time
it was interesting to see how the
students tried really hard to get used
to the language manners so guru to cook
manikyam mutiny autumnal
touchy touchy touchy boogie Rica drama
ham ham beyond the iterator second
Bhutan do you want out of heaven opening
attire they wonder knee I'll take a do
so the lesson for those who want to be
extra good at Korean first you shouldn't
be scared of making mistakes and second
most importantly you should be ready to
put in a lot of effort proving once
again that there's no shortcuts to
language learning window on Arirang news
and that brings us to the end of this
newscast thanks for being with us more
live news coming your way at 7:00 p.m.
Korea time
