cyber and fashionable I work on a 20th
floor out there and I have attempted to
shoot a video for you like five or six
times and keeps getting messed up
because of the GoPro six GoPro Mitchell
backs together so come to you let me
know that I am leaving my job at the
company that I work with I have
Philippines now for almost three years
and it's about time for me to look to do
something else
sadly this means a bunch of other things
are gonna change - I think it's about
time for me to spend some time with
friends and family so I'm gonna end up
going back to the states so I'm gonna
spend a couple of weeks going around the
Philippines
and doing
mine
that's pH uck et Mike Philippines bucket
list
for quite some time and then I'm gonna
go home to the states I have a few more
plans I want to talk to you about but I
have some friends who want to say some
other stuff before I get to that so guys
taking Lenny Anthony I wanted to hop on
here and just thank you on behalf of
myself in the entire freedom family
thank you for what you've done for the
entire network all these years
um you helped my channel out personally
so many ways and I cannot thank you
enough for what you've done and you've
also helped the network grow and just
help so many other creators out and what
I find amazing is you put others above
yourself first and it's incredible what
you do and you have a true passion for
helping others out which I find
absolutely phenomenal so again Thank You
Anthony I wish you the best of luck
whatever Life brings you and good luck
man we're with you hello there Anthony I
hear you're leaving freedom brother it's
been good to know you have known you
since 2014 when I first joined freedom
you've been a positive influence on us
and the community team is you are our
manager when I first joined back in the
beginning of 2016 it's been great to
know you you've been very helpful to us
and helping other people you've made a
very positive impact on the entire
freedom family as a whole and we're all
very grateful to have known you I'm very
grateful for your influence and your
help that you've given all of us to make
it better for you I wish you the best I
wish that your health improves and I
hope that you realize your dreams
everything that you pursue in life
Anthony Smith otherwise known as one of
the coolest people in the world and
easily the coolest guy with in freedom
and certainly one of the most
approachable to me Anthony was the one
guy that you could always go to and he
knew he wasn't gonna be like angry with
your own thing if you'd messed up what
you do you're good at anything
you gotta you know talk to him and he'll
make things okay we didn't work on any
specific projects that close thing but
obviously running I'm Jen for a while I
did work with him speak to him and
with along with other people have to do
revamped in quite a bit so Anthony I
wish you luck and stay awesome Anthony
it was a real pleasure knowing you you
gave me a chance when not a lot of
people would you stuck your neck out for
me quite a few times when you probably
shouldn't have but you've taught me a
lot too
and it really meant a lot and I really
do wish you the very best and I hope I
know that whatever you're gonna do in
the future
coming up it's it's gonna go amazingly
and it's gonna go swimmingly so all the
best of luck to you we wish you all the
best and thanks so much for the work you
have done for all of us here in this
family I've been your mom for thirty-one
and soon thirty two years and I'm proud
of you for making this decision to come
home and spend your time blogging with
your family and living your dreams and I
hope this works out I'll be with you
every step of the way I love you Adam
repos box here just wishing Anthony a
great goodbye you have put in so much
time it's hard to believe it's been what
four years approaching now I think since
the start of at least what I remember of
your involvement at freedom that's
insane that's pretty crazy you've put in
so much of your time so much of your
energy you've done a lot for the
community for youtubers on the whole for
those of us who have ever gotten the
chance to work with you and those of us
who have have been pretty lucky to have
shared such an experience so thank you
Anthony for all that you have done thank
you for your work at freedom and I wish
you nothing but the best I know you're
gonna move on to do great things and I
am excited to see them so see you later
hey Anthony its Stephan I just want to
wish you good luck on your future
ventures I know that sometimes leaving a
job that you've worked for a long time
can be a bit of a challenge but your
positive attitude and your great work
ethic will definitely make sure you end
up somewhere bigger and better so if you
ever need anything you know how to reach
me and otherwise I wish you all the best
you freedom family twilight Brens here
from the
freedom Community team and it saddens me
to hear that Anthony will be leaving the
network which of course is a great loss
to all of us but before that I want to
say thank you and thank you alone is not
enough to describe all the amazing
things you have done for us in the past
years the videos you have made on
YouTube channel the amazing tips and
tricks you have given us but most
important the support you have been for
the whole family and for that I want to
say thank you and know that we all wish
you the best on the path that lies ahead
hey Anthony it's Luke I just wanted to
say man I am sorry to hear that you were
leaving I remember when you first joined
up with freedom so many years ago and
you were one of the best man seriously
your friendship has been just an amazing
blessing and you were just one of the
best guys out there so I know that you
were gonna rock it wherever your room
takes you next thank you so much for
everything man good luck to you back in
the States and until we meet again
god bless hey guys the loire reloaded
here to let you know a little bit about
me my channel has had an explosion in
growth hundreds of subscribers a day
tens of thousands of views a day they
can all lead back to the Genesis with
Anthony Anthony got me into freedom when
it first started in fact my member
number has three digits which apparently
is very rare Anthony is the most
compassionate guy I know with freedom he
helped me raise thousands of dollars to
help sick kids taught me how to do
YouTube it really was a huge inspiration
I do YouTube for a living now and part
of that is because of Anthony I think
there's going to be a huge hole in
YouTube once he's gone he's a good
friend of mine and always welcome to
stop at my house anytime
you'll be missed buddy hey there I'm
Devin green and I used to work in talent
acquisition at Freedom Anthony was my
go-to guy but ever needed anything done
for a partner he was always there to
make it happen
Anthony had an amazing time getting to
meet you in the Philippines you need to
go out for drinks and I wish you the
best of luck
now whatever life throws at you next
take care of man yo Anthony its murky I
just wanted to say thank you so much for
being you for being awesome for helping
me continue to grow my brand on
YouTube and now on twitch and thanks for
being you for growing the freedom family
making it what it is today
and I'm very excited to see where the
next chapter in your life is so keep us
updated and I'll see you later
Oh guys this is gaming with hybrid also
know them all
last thing I was expecting to see this
morning is an email saying that said
that a very important person again is
leaving the freedom family Anthony's
been a huge inspiration to many people
including me
thanks to him we still see our channel's
YouTube channels as something we should
not give up on he's an amazing funny guy
and it saddens me to see him leaving
just like that we still don't know why
he will tell us always Anthony this this
is a message to you I hope you'll always
be awesome with whatever path you will
follow and we always got your back
hi Anthony and to you the YouTube
audience I am George CEO of freedom
Anthony when I first read about your new
passion for telling stories in the vlog
style something you want to commit to
full-time to be a youtuber once again I
wanted to share with all of you how I
feel
Anthony has been with freedom for a very
long time I remember when he was running
game mode 5 and one of his Network
partners asked him to shave his head and
he did it
Anthony community is the one thing that
I think summarizes you the best and I'm
certain you will create a brand new
community around your storytelling vlog
style that will be a family just like
the freedom family and I hope you can
involve everyone in freedom certainly
let me know as you progress in your new
passion of telling stories and know that
I and everybody at freedom will miss
having you in the office and I hope you
will be successful and happy to follow
your passion keep in touch
take care hi Jen Anthony it's so sad to
see you leave but I also want you to be
as happy as you can be so I wish you the
best of luck in whatever you decide to
do and I would like to take the
opportunity to thank you for what you've
done for me you were the one who
approved me having a show on this
channel and it's been a blast for almost
a year now so thank you so much for that
and I also actually have a message from
Ashley silver dust so let me just convey
her voice hmm Anthony has inspired and
taught so much to so many people I love
his passion for helping others and it's
thanks to him that myself and so many
others have realized they should never
give up Anthony has been an awesome
mentor I am very thankful for all of the
time energy and passion that he has
dedicated to the freedom family and
Anthony I sincerely wish you the best
for all of your future endeavors
thank you so much for everything
everyone my name is Chris or potato as
the folks used to call me back in the
day I used to work behind the scenes in
video editing and graphic design so
that's probably why you don't recognize
this face I'm wearing a cap because my
hair is a mess the lighting is really
horrible the set is kind of messy and
you might be hearing some background
noise which is really ironic because I
have yelled at heavenly so many times
about his production values all the
little details you need to do this you
need to do that meanwhile now it's my
turn to kind of suffer a bit of
criticism with the horrible lighting and
production values hopefully I'm in focus
if I'm not I'm sorry
I've known Anthony now for it's been
several years it's been four or five
solid good years and he's not just been
a coworker to me he's been one of my
best friends we're very similar and as a
result I really value him as an
important person in my life he's one of
the most hard-working people I've ever
met he's one of the most sincere people
I've ever had the privilege of working
with there aren't that many people I've
met in my life like Anthony and I know
that you know just saying these things
it sounds like I'm just kind
of exaggerating and being hyperbolic but
it's very true Anthony wears his heart
on his sleeve what you see is what you
get for every minute that you saw him in
front of the camera he would spend
thousands behind the scenes holding
meetings talking to people coming up
with new concepts and ideas you guys
know if you go through the videos he's
made over 300 because the guy's insane
he's been working on so many deals with
companies and people's and sponsors just
to kind of bring you guys as many
opportunities as possible the guy's been
relentless over the last several years
and and I he deserves a little bit of a
breather making one of these videos is a
little intimidating because I have to
sum up his importance in a short brief
amount of time and again I don't feel
like I'm doing it justice but hopefully
this this will kind of give you one
perspective of how awesome of a person
he is people like Anthony who are great
inspire greatness wherever they go and
so I just know that whatever he does in
the future if he puts in you know even a
fraction of the devotion he's put into
the freedom community I know that he's
gonna come up with something amazing and
awesome
anyways Anthony I love you buddy and I
will talk to you very soon
I'm talking to Anthony but the frame
community as well in the comments I
might just hang around and respond to
some things take care bye thank you so
much to everybody who contributed to
this video all right so
you spend like three mish weeks in
almost a month whatever going around
food means filling stuff and having a
blog a cultural vacation a blog occasion
if you will and then I'm gonna go and
since I haven't been there in three
years or so oh I'm okay
okay my morning oh all right so let's go
up here where was I
I don't know
oh yeah so I'm gonna do a blond Asian
type thing and then I am going to
which is going to be weird because
essentially I'm gonna be able to
experience something
Oh FWS get to experience kind of like um
things change a lot in your absence
and having to readjust too
I always assumed I would have that
so soon but it's okay anyways I know
this video is getting a little bit long
so I will let you go through this is the
random greenery
over the place here in the building look
at these palm trees behind me I don't
get that back home
it's been meaningful for you I hope you
stick around because I still have a lot
more to show you anyway until next time
don't read The Lying subscribe do all
those things I'm ap love my job also we
also do yourself an amazing during
Schaller
[Applause]
thank you so much for joining me on
today's story on my Quinto be sure to
check out one or more of the things on
screen now that'll lead you know even
more stuff cuz it's awesome alright next
vlog
[Music]
[Applause]
