I build communities online and I talk to
people
lots of people online so this is new my
name is J and I'm a TCK a TCK also means
Fair culture kids and a third culture
kid is someone who has lived somewhere
else for a longer period of time than
their parents Passport countries so I'm
gonna use myself as an example I'm from
the Philippines I was born there but
when I was three I moved to Guangzhou
and then at seven to Beijing for my
dad's job and then at 18 I moved to Hong
Kong and then at 22 London and I moved
there for university and that's where I
currently live today both of my parents
are Filipino but because of my
upbringing of constantly moving around
so much
I don't consider the Philippines my home
dr. Ruth Hill you see him coined the
term third culture kids there have been
several TEDx talks and TED talks that
have been relevant to their culture kids
and there have been lots of third
culture kid books explaining what a
third culture kid is so today I'm not
going to be talking to you about the
definition of a third culture kid
instead I'm going to talk to you about
the problems that third culture kids
face now third culture kids deal with so
many of the same problems that we have
our own hashtags for them the biggest
third culture kid problem is that almost
no one knows what we are and this is
because the term hasn't been normalized
so because the terms not normalized and
because there's almost no one knows what
we are unless they have done some
research on third culture kids or maybe
they've met one before it makes it
difficult for us to connect to people
and this is because of the complicated
introductions that we have upon meeting
new people to help you understand just
imagine that the UK was a place that no
one you really existed and then imagine
trying to explain to someone who was
asking you where you're from by saying
you're from London this person has no
idea where London is
or that it even exists that's what I
feel like when someone asks me where I'm
from or where home is there are two
scenarios that happen when someone asks
me this question where are you from in
the first scenario someone asked me this
question and I answer I'm a third
culture kid but see this person doesn't
know what a third culture kid is to them
I sound like I'm saying I'm from God
they think I'm speaking gibberish and
they just don't get it and in scenario
two someone asked me where I'm from and
instead of telling them anything I just
stand there in silence debating in my
own head thinking I could say I'm from
the Philippines because I was born there
but I haven't lived there and so long
that I don't know what people mage do
there anymore so I'm not gonna say I'm
from there I can't say I'm from
Guangzhou or Hong Kong because well I
haven't lived in those places for a long
enough to call them home and I guess I
could say Beijing because I've lived
there for 12 years of my upbringing and
I have a lot of wonderful memories from
that place but if if I wanted to go back
there today
I need this special piece of paper I
called the tourist visa and this tourist
visa only lets me stay there for three
months at a time max if I'm lucky and
even if I did call that place my home my
parents just recently relocated back to
the Philippines from the Beijing so
technically I wouldn't have a home to go
home to in that home and I could say
London since I've been living there from
for the past four years but I have a
tier-one visa not a Tier two where they
let you stay here for three years and
then extend it to five for a tier-one
you need to do something super awesome
every year to not get deported the next
year so I can't say I do those places
and because of that end up telling this
person asking me where I'm from one of
these places where I don't believe I'm
from and that creates a disconnection
the next third culture kid problem is a
lack of sense of belonging so this
occurs because of the first third
culture kid problem of the term not
being normalized see when the term isn't
normalized and very few people know what
we are it makes it difficult for a third
culture kids to find other third culture
kids and
for even some third culture kids to know
that they are one and when you can't
find people who are like you or when you
don't know what type of person you are
and therefore don't know that there are
others out there like you it makes it
difficult to find a sense of belonging
why is this
can you imagine feeling like a foreigner
in your own home country I can when I go
back to the Philippines I'm constantly
questioned about where I'm from so I
talk to Filipinos over there and they're
like so are you from and then I'm like
I'm from here and they're like no you're
not
you're American your accents American
I'm like no I'm not then I try and
explain my upbringing in China and then
they automatically say well then you're
ABC which is short for American born
Chinese I'm like dude let it go not so
over there I really never feel at home
I'm not the only one that feels this way
most if not all third culture kids do
too that's kind of like feeling like a
foreigner everywhere so when I found out
about my community I felt relief that I
belonged and relief that I was normal
and that I wasn't the only one
and I felt lots of really fit there was
nothing wrong with me because I used to
think that it was just me it was kind of
like feeling for example like I was
French and I was in Beijing and I didn't
know that I was French and then all of a
sudden I found out I was French and then
I met a bunch of other French people it
was really nice to feel a sense of home
the way I found out Mike about my
community started when I was in Hong
Kong so this was a couple of years ago I
actually went through depression because
I had and I didn't have a sense of
belonging for a long period of time and
Hong Kong was the first place I moved to
since living in Beijing and in Beijing
it was filled with international schools
and I was surrounded by third culture
kids so after moving from Beijing and
living in Hong Kong that was really the
first time people started asking me
where I was from and where home was and
all of these questions that they asked
just so that they could try and get to
know me and it was the first time that I
realized I did
have a simple answer to any of these
questions and I didn't really know how
to answer some of them so I started to
talk to my best friend about this to see
how she felt
my best friend is Swedish and she
relocated back to Sweden after living in
Beijing for most of her upbringing she
relocated back to Sweden when she turned
18 turns out that she felt the same you
see her Swedish wasn't very good so she
had to learn Swedish being Swedish in
Sweden not the greatest thing ever and
she had a lot of things that she did in
China that she wanted to bring back to
Sweden like celebrate Chinese New Year's
except she did this in Sweden with
Swedish people so she also felt like an
outcast in her home country and I
thought after a couple of years I was
like well I can't be the only person
feeling like this and neither can my
best friend Anais so why not ask all of
my TCK third culture kid friends and it
turns out that they felt the same - in
fact so many of them felt so alike and
we're so felt that this was so important
to them that they decided to share their
stories with me and at the time I
couldn't find a place online that was
actively dedicated to third culture kids
so I decided to create one I made this
so that I could share all these stories
my friends had sent me so that other
third culture kids could hopefully find
this place and find a sense of belonging
through reading these stories after a
while I let this place online allow
people to submit their stories and after
collecting so many stories and after
reading all of them I finally find found
a sense of belonging through the people
that had written these stories even if I
had never met them and I wanted to give
back this sense of belonging to all the
third culture kids as many as I could so
to do this I pretty much um decided that
I needed to make way more friends and I
needed these friends to befriend each
other I did that by creating communities
online on Instagram on Facebook on
YouTube on slack because that's where
all the Millennials are at and on these
online communities I labeled myself as J
the TCK in the hopes that other third
culture kids could find me on
so this is the equivalent of someone
English calling themselves Johnny
English to hopefully let people know
that he was English so that he could
make English friends it's kind of sad
but it worked there is a growing number
of third culture kids today because of
the ease of relocation and travel it
only takes one to two days max to get
from one side of the world to the other
in 2016 there were 8,000 international
schools and in these international
schools were four million over 4 million
international students that were taught
in English as their first language and
most of these students were third
culture kids so just imagine the number
of third culture kids there are if you
think about the ones that go to
international schools that don't use
English as their first language or the
ones that are home-schooled or the ones
that have grown up to be adult their
culture kids there are so many of us and
in 2026 these numbers are estimated to
double today people travel for work
people travel for pleasure people travel
for majority of other things and
long-distance relationships are way more
than possible in fact my best friend and
I have been doing long-distance for over
six years now people marry people from
other nations and people find homes in
countries not of their own globalization
is not just affecting how we live but
who we are because the number of third
culture kids is growing exponentially we
can't ignore the term anymore and I
think it's time that we normalize it
because by doing this is going to help
find a sense help third culture kids
find a sense of belonging so how do I
know that by normalizing the term it's
going to help them find a sense of
belonging well they tell me my online
channels and they actively do things
that help normalize the term so that
hopefully other third culture kids can
find the sense of belonging through this
community for example this is a my
YouTube channel and on their third
culture kids have asked to put up their
own videos and tell their stories in the
hopes that other third culture kids can
find these stories and find the sense of
home in this community
on my slack channel I have done my very
best to normalize the term third culture
kid and because of that we were able to
jump on this call and believe it or not
this is a group of speakers talking to
each other and this call lasted for two
hours because we could find that sense
of home within each other they send me
thank-you messages for creating the
community and for allowing them to find
a piece of home online so you might be
wondering what you can do is not third
culture kids you can be aware and be
accepting the term because it's going to
help normalize it a third culture kids
doesn't like to answer the question
where are you from because of the
complicated answer that we end up giving
you and this often causes a
disconnection so by being aware and
accepting of the term it will help
normalize it and once the term is
normalized this will allow third culture
kids to feel accepted in conversations
and have an easier time integrating into
countries of their own and not of their
own and it will stop them from feeling
like an outsider and if you happen to
meet a third culture kid that doesn't
know that they are one then obviously
please let them know what I want all of
you to take from this today is to be
aware that their culture kids exist to
be mindful of their upbringing and
complicated backgrounds to make sure
that no matter what you do you don't
judge them for who they are thank you
you
