also my Alex um there's another mayor's
of talent video it's uh marshal Tito
boys sings Beauty and the Beast with
dual voices so we love this guy I love
this singer we already love beauty boost
what can go wrong wrong it's gonna be
really good we like yeah we're Disney
does he freaks
I remember Boyd's California venture
surely that one room yeah we're like oh
the enchanted rooms you would you I
haven't been to it and she has and she
got me super pumped and I was all I
don't know if you all know this but the
room changes after cent amount of time
so we walk in we're looking at
everything and he's like oh that's
really cool and then he tries to leave
and I was like no you have to see this
and he's like what what are we waiting
for and I'm like I don't know it it's
coming but it's coming visit the library
went from like a normal library to like
boom starts raining the winds broke and
like the books all fell down and the
portrait of the the beat straight yeah
you'd like that so Prince yeah the
portrait of the Prince gets slashed and
the row starts to like it it's cool
it was really cool yeah do we get
off-topic yeah I do it all the time it's
really bad it's so easy to just make one
video that's all I like it nice that
Disney make sure she just all of our all
of our videos so far just likes listen
if you weigh about like slope should be
about what you watched me about water
it's gonna be like water at Disneyland
is great oh the water show and visually
the projectors let's see it said it's
that easy
um if you knew the channel subscribe
it's a fun time here I'm trying to say
more videos we're havin really good time
actually family its I know I've been
giant like it's a good said in the
previous videos it's just time
constraints I don't see why we have in a
film and it's because work and whatnot
we're we should we work a lot when we
school both of us are home it's like
we're playing work or school and it's
late we're tired exhaust they'll be like
you in a film video and I'm like nah I'm
going right to sleep that's easy okay at
home and it's like it's only eight
o'clock but we're like that
and like some people say that's not late
it's like well when you go to when you
have to wake up early to either go
straight to work or early to go straight
to school you're like let's go see
that's a good idea yeah oh yeah let's
watch this video I'm excited
[Music]
[Music]
I know
[Music]
I'm glad he brought this tomato though
it's early in Taylor
I love the back
[Music]
[Music]
this guy
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
Mika's higher voice will be quite out
[Music]
[Applause]
that was insane I told the judge to show
up and she told me to shut up
ah that was really good on this one
no I like the the other song I liked
when his work slow this one I liked when
his voice was higher yeah better like
and both sound amazing but like I this
was good I liked it you close your eyes
I'm like I'm just thinking like that's
two people many watch you like that's
two that's one in your head the whole
time you think this cannot do that one
person can not be it no he's phenomenal
his voice is just insane oh no I like it
I like watching am i but I've watched
him for a long time Sam likes and that's
how I'm gonna watch another one yeah
it's like we really liked it too
invested but that's okay you can get
more invested there's got to be there's
gonna be there's got to be more videos
of him that we can all watch your
YouTube but not today but definitely
more cuz I down the road but no it's
hard when you like enjoy the video like
this and you can't like you're I meant
you can't no more you can't like go and
search them up don't watch videos
because then you can't react to it
that's like the thing that's such like I
want to watch some more but then it's
like you can't react to I I don't like
doing that really like I'm gonna watch
this video I'm gonna react to it
tomorrow it's like no you already
watched it you say it's more that's
where you get that yeah you have to get
that nice like first time you watch it
like I know like we have to wait to see
everything until we do another mm-hmm
but even with this I'll probably watch
it a few more times just like whoa that
was really cool like his voice is just
so amazing
I know I've always like it's fun to see
people just like with such like raw
talent just amazing town just it's cool
to see them just like do their best it
doesn't matter if it's dancing doesn't
matter if it's singing playing an
instrument like it's really fun just to
like watch it yeah oh my god it makes me
feel good I'm like okay they're like
doing they're all like doing something
they enjoy it makes me happy watching
people do what makes them happy
exactly than just driving it's like okay
I want you
you in your element and you're gay -
yeah I'm loving it late to see those
positive - love mm-hmm
yeah let me know what you guys thought
in the comments down below give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it um
so subscribe if you haven't already guys
turn those notifications on and we'll
see you guys later peace out guys
