yeah
is so good
[Music]
[Music]
when I spin around like I don't got a
feeling that I can't lose Joey I guess
new shoes
metaphysical thunder
can you feel it
[Music]
good morning guys
it is Sunday under the age has turned
out to be another beautiful beautiful
sunny day since we've gotten a motorbike
it's been nothing but sunshine not a
drop of rain in Manila even though it's
rainy season so we feel lucky that we
get to ride around on the back level but
so stoked about that today we're gonna
go to the gossipy market to buy some
groceries for the fleet who wanna buy
some fresh produce some fetch some meat
so we have supplies for the whole week
and we can eat and cook at home eat out
the Eternity evening maybe funding time
go to the cinema and watch spider-man
I'll be fine for a few days now and it
always been either I'm an no tickets too
late so hopefully today we'll make it
happen
oh no the CPB going out for dinner with
MJ Emma Skye just remember I started
going out to dinner with hangar
and I still don't know where yeah we
just met some viewers from Australia and
they've been watching the videos over
the past they're watching our videos to
do we're planning to come over to the
Philippines a family here so yeah we
just ran into each other at curator so
we want to buy some as I mentioned
before we're getting in groceries some
produce some meats and fish so we've got
the stuff for the sweet guy I talked
about this ready
[Music]
it's on your face I
I see
I can't decide
so when you go
you know what guys it's not just the
food and the atmosphere and the fresh
produce that I love about the smart
overall really also love is the amazing
lighting because they have these pops
here over the whole market there's like
a huge diffuser which makes the light
supersoft makes filming so much easier
pretty nice actually another thing about
this is in comparison to going shopping
in the US or Europe when we take the the
veggies here the carrots and tomatoes
and you smell them it just smells like
vegetable it smells intense it smells
right you never really have that and
especially in Europe everything is is
not quite ripe when it gets to the store
it doesn't get harvested when it's ripe
it gets harvested before it's ripe and
then it just sits there in the shop and
right into after it's been harvest which
is not good
[Music]
go you eat
[Music]
so we're back at home and who wants to
see grocery shopping haul everybody cool
that's what I thought
all right so we got some we tried to
avoid as much plastic as possible but
for some things it wasn't really working
out like for eggs but I will take this
with me next time so that's fine or some
eggs we have some cucumbers because we
want to make our own pickled cucumbers
we have ginger and pineapple to make our
pineapple shots we have a lot of
tomatoes that were already packed up in
this bag so we're going to make some
salsa we're going to use it for
basically everything so it's yeah it's
enough tomatoes for the whole week I
guess then I got some pandan leaves and
lemongrass to make some iced tea
I made iced tea of these two like last
week and everybody loved it so I'm going
to make it again and it's good to have
some kind of flavored water cause anger
then we're going to make some fresh
orange juice lots of vitamins here we've
got some avocados to make some I don't
know salsa I guess I bought this almond
milk which is unsweetened it's in a
glass bottle that's cool so I'm going to
return this bottle probably next week we
got some potatoes because why not and
essentials like onions garlic carrots
and this is red cabbage so yeah we've
also got a chicken and some nuts and
overall it we spent around mic was it
$35
yeah so 1810 pesos so that's pretty good
compared to my experience at Reston's
that i had 31 euro so that's pretty good
I think that's enough veggies and
proteins for the week we still have some
steak in the fridge I'm going to make
some I'm going to make a breakfast
sandwich we forgot the bread but that's
fine yeah but that was not bad for the
first grocery shopping at the market I
guess some really just made us a steak
sandwich it's both Zico beef on
Wallflower sourdough with some mushrooms
mustard and mayonnaise right yes looks
delicious
[Music]
[Music]
so we just drove over to Quezon City
from Makati to meet up with MJ and Oskar
oh I think the cameras fogging up again
but it's not too bad
meet up with MJ and Oscar for dinner
they want to show us a really cool place
out here in Quezon City and I'm super
hungry already we didn't eat that much
today the steak sandwich and one crow
salsa yeah it was delicious oh my god
yes southern Philippines food so looking
forward to some of that
well this is cute I don't mean to tell
you I meet you
[Music]
so I'll scan MJ back in the blog would
you really have to try yeah we love this
without this and we want you to enjoy it
that's why we invited you here because
Mike and Ellie are such experts oh
really you just wanted to take them here
in balm grill because this is this was
this was all so foreign to us before
because we also didn't know what's
chicken panagon right that's the green
chicken or you let YouTube or or cuisine
from the the South the southern region
and zamboanga will or the work on areas
but the very very beautiful mindanao
sword its were very happy together sit
we're gonna eat it here you guys I think
we need a I think we need them as
co-host when I went the cabinet so we're
really excited because we when we went
about we didn't give a chance actually
to try yeah food from Mindanao but now
we actually get to tries like a ton of
things from Mindanao so I'm really
excited I'm really hungry
I can't wait it again so a little bit of
a chicken broth yeah as a starter and
it's I think it's complimentary with it
yeah with every meal it's so intense so
flavorful I can only imagine how long
the chicken was cooking in this broth so
delicious
so getting off to a great start hey hey
I so there's a little bit about gender
and the restaurant the idea behind it oh
okay great well palm grill is a
restaurant that serves authentic cuisine
from south of the Philippines south of
Mindanao I covers the islands of
Zamboanga Bastille and saluto Italy and
we like to call it Samba Salta
we like to also believe that were the
only one in the metro that caters to
this kind of cuisines to introduce it to
the people from here and to tell them
that there's so many great stuff in
those areas that they can discover no
it's perfect so what are we gonna try
today well today we're serving green
chicken or the pyongyang minook which
cooked in coconut milk coconut bits and
seven Asian spices we're also doing that
you'll a tune and of course the Karachi
with a special coconut sauce
Wow look at that looks like black gold
yes I hit everything else income loss
yeah Nelson our life furniture
[Laughter]
all right we're starting out with the
black soup what is the proper term you
like do you like it oh nice
so we have a delicious dawn marrow in
here and it's it actually gets the dark
color from toasted coconut meat right or
enjoy it's like a little bit spicy
it's very rich but it has like a touch
of ginger in there so good rich and
refreshing at the same time so I'm gonna
give the bone marrow melt-in-your-mouth
so delicious
there's lemongrass turmeric ginger
garlic onions the ordered chicken skin
just because who doesn't like to get
skin exactly yeah like anywhere in the
world okay there's a little childhood
story of mine my mom used to make a dish
that is actually a like a dough and it
usually puts chicken pieces in the dough
and that goes into the oven and the
chicken skin is salted so I used to pick
all the chicken skins from that this oh
just take the biggest piece of course
that's vinegar but you can eat it by
itself
we're doing good we're good
by the way this is really addictive yeah
I hate this I think a few weeks ago yeah
for the first time here the Philippines
I finished it all whoa
okay in your hands dirty
Wow I just wanted to smell oh it's so
Wow
begin oh my
[Music]
while that smoky flavor is so nice
[Music]
Oh
is so good really hmm
the coconut flavor is amazing you have
to try it at my cloud oh it's so tender
just like falls apart
beautifully Wow coconut that the coconut
flavor is so prominent in this dish
chicken is really nice and juicy and
tender smoke
literally just falls off the bone and
this dish is first slow cook for about
one and a half hours in coconut milk and
then afterwards it's you got like seven
Asian spice as you said right then it
gets grilled to perfection and it
slightly sweet favorite so gives it a
sweet a little bit of like hint of
sweetness so nice try it with the
turmeric rice altogether
yeah flavors are nice build in there for
it all
[Music]
mmm such a great combination it's also
good completely different to anything
we've ever tasted in the Philippines
yeah so I hope one day with the help of
this they would be very open I mean
especially people in the Philippines
will be very open to also try the
southern dishes in Mindanao and include
it in the in the normal regular Filipino
menu generally see in any restaurant you
can actually run on to book a nice and
flat term or it's evening time this is
the beef satay this is a sweet and spicy
taro soup with sticky rice balls and
beef skewers hmm
so many flavors and textures meet you
you got to sticky rice then you got the
the beef that's got a little bit of a
char net and the sweeter the sweetness
of the taro soup a little bit of spice
in there so that the spice kind of hits
you afterwards and you feel it like I
was saying you got like too spicy the
one spice in the front of your mark and
the other spices in the back this is one
that's in the front and you just love it
[Music]
so this is like the big star of today
it's the the crap there oh that's level
4 the sauce is so delicious
dick I'm gonna get a big piece of crap
here oh my God look at those guys I
don't think I've ever had such a big
succulent piece of crap you look at that
yeah he definitely this is definitely
you're not a lot messing around with a
fork yeah look at that piece so
delicious a little bit of sauce hmm so
jealous
[Music]
so nice and sweet so we just found out a
few facts about the crap that let's let
the pros yeah talk about them a little
trivia on the crabs when you catch them
fresh they're red and even if you cook
them their server and it's deep sea and
it's deep sea yeah yeah you catch it you
can Italian requirement because it
doesn't thrive in the farm if they die
so you can only catch them
stationed in the deepest part of the
ocean so it's full of vitamins every day
fresh from from inland all right
some of the rice
[Music]
so this is the lady give the recipe yeah
so it's kinda why caja Weisskopf it's
copy piracy copy copy of the see people
[Music]
from there let's play it's called car
suit because it originates in Sulu and
they're called tau subs and the Tau
soaps are the people of the currents
because the island is curved is
surrounded by body of water and Kahala
is the term they call for coffee so it's
locally it's endogenous over there that
area so next we get to try a very
special coffee at single origin
it's very bold flavors very strong
coffee which is gotta love strong coffee
mmm very good the caja muscle is roasted
in wine and butter to give it its
distinct taste and flavor so it's like
you're supposed to mix it like a hollow
or just oh my it's so creamy
[Music]
Oscar's favorite this is nominative also
to and analogy south in the street don't
 ice cream for so it's fresh
fruits but it has cancer like the
sweetness of the banana has to provide
innate with the sweetness of the man
that's how it should be
ice cream issues it's vanilla it's so
good in some vodka it's their baby
straight no and you can actually go to
the plaza and buy that oh my god
this is yeah thank you very much thank
you
that was amazing we will come back for
sure come back too and you must I need
that special sauce a bottle it for you
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
it can be alright guys we are back at
our home today was actually really
amazing
today once again we figured out that we
have to explore more places in the
Philippines especially more foods the
food from Mindanao is so different than
anything else that we had before it's
very unique so I believe that we should
plan some trips soon and with soon that
might be tomorrow so let's see what
we're going tomorrow we definitely need
to get a little bit out of the city and
we have a lot of trips planned so
subscribe if you aren't subscribed yet
and leave us a comment how you enjoyed
this episode and yeah give this video a
like or share it with your friends if
you really enjoyed it we're more and
more connecting with other foodies here
so it's going to be really exciting I
would say I'll see you guys we'll see
you guys tomorrow same time same place
remember to stay awesome and make it
happen
bye wise
[Music]
[Music]
puttin us together
to God
[Music]
