I think there's nothing in Cebu
like
the Philippines were part of Spain and then from uh us Yeah I broke my hand
actually I wasn't supposed to be here I
was friendly people for sure food
everyone speaks English yeah they treat
me really well did you experience any
culture shock when you came here
the channel my name is
we're gonna go ahead on the streets of
Cebu City ask some foreigners and tours
some expats exactly what they felt when
they first got here if they had any
culture shock now stick around to the
end of this video I'm going to tell you
guys my personal culture shock when I
first came to the Philippines years ago
but before we do that guys if you're new
to the channel hit the Subscribe button
hit the like button let's get out there
talk to some people hi what's your name
hi my name is Luther and where are you
from from the Netherlands uh what brings
you down here to the Philippines I've
been in Nepal last month and there's no
sea and no open white space anyway so I
was like
is this your first time here to the
Philippines yeah it is did you
experience any culture shock when you
came here
I think the inequality
was pretty much there like you see this
jumping mouse and then you drive with
texting you see
slums-ish kind of neighbors so that was
not like a closure show because I think
if you've been in Asia already you're
not that shocked from all those regular
traffic things and stuff yeah but
inequality is a thing yeah you see that
so how long have you been here so far I
wanna oh one night okay okay what are
your plans specifically do you intend to
visit any locations around here yes I'm
going to siargao uh this afternoon I
think there's nothing invisible have you
traveled down south you should try like
Oslo malbo bantayan there's a lot of
places around here yeah I know but my
plan is just to go to sharks right now
okay any specific reason are you meeting
friends there or did you I want to serve
but
oh no what happened yeah I fell down
goodness so I can't really surf but
there's a friend of mine as well so I
will see from there no but that happened
in the Philippines your hand no neighbor
okay okay how is the service in Nepal
when it came to your hand did they treat
you well or yeah they treat me really
well actually I was surprised because
this street was full of dirt like it's
in the middle of a Tamil that's a
Backpackers neighborhood and it's full
of dirt like
you can't imagine how much smoke and it
was in the middle of the night like
people smoking weed and I entered the
hospital it was super quiet and really
clean yeah really happy with that
actually nice have you had a chance to
interact with any local Filipinos
um not yet okay how long do you plan to
stay three weeks wait well enjoy your
trip and thank you for your time thank
you thank you hi what's your name
where are you from I'm from Poland what
brings you down here to the Philippines
uh
I'll be traveling and I decided to come
to see how
is this your first time in the
Philippines yeah
how long have you been here uh for two
weeks yeah for two weeks okay and have
you experienced any culture shock
I think so I did have you been to any
other countries in Southeast Asia yeah
many I've been to Thailand Cambodia
Vietnam yeah Singapore
uh I'll be going to Indonesia soon oh
nice uh I I don't remember yeah okay got
it what do you like the most so far here
in the Philippines uh
especially the weather
friendly people for sure food uh
and for example in Palawan take Clear
Water they can the devious that's what I
love do you have any other plans to
visit different places here in the
Philippines before going to Indonesia
I don't think so I'm I'm gonna stay here
in Cebu just I'm just gonna she like
chill out yeah before going to Indonesia
have you met any local Filipino people
do you talk to them have a beer with
them anything uh I've met one guy I went
for a beer with him he was so cool and I
actually
my colleague is from the Philippines so
he told me about about it like a lot
okay got it is this a place you can see
yourself living for a long time maybe uh
no I know
why not
um I love what weather but sometimes
it's just too hot yeah like right now
right yeah
um
I I didn't know
just the weather itself alone to make
you uncomfortable right so yeah yeah but
it's like Philippines is nice to visit
but I don't think I would live in here I
just don't know why not yet maybe you
need more experience or something yeah
all right man thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it thank you hi what's
your name my name is Marcos and we'll
get your name at least very good where
are you guys from We're from Argentina
oh um I'm a big messy fan you know for
sure congratulations thank you and uh
what brings you down here to the
Philippines uh just traveling it's going
island hopping holidays yeah really cool
places very nice how long have you been
here we've been here for at least uh 10
days
a bit more okay and where's your
favorite place so far
I think yeah the trip from a little to
paron okay uh a three-day trip sounds
beautiful I've been there it's a very
nice place and tell me how long you plan
to stay uh
10 more days or 12 more days yeah is
this your first time to the Philippines
first time in Philippines okay I'm
curious what were some of your culture
shock did you have any culture shot
something different from Argentina uh
yeah it is different but it wasn't that
bad it was like I think like the
Philippines were part of Spain and then
from uh us yeah it's a bit like uh like
America okay it's like Spanish and
English I agree they're familiar with it
at least so nothing too big right and
are you living in Argentina now we're
living in Spain okay so because I know
right now Argentina they say the
economical situation isn't that good and
I was considering going there so I
thought maybe I'd ask you some questions
well it's uh gonna be cheap for you
probably yeah okay but yeah it's a
really good place to to
we have beautiful places and yeah
economical situation is not really good
right now but we have good people so I
encourage you to go great thank you so
much I appreciate it great thank you
last lastly what's your biggest culture
shot coming to the Philippines
uh you know I've I was in Vietnam and I
saw the garbage and stuff on the street
and everybody you know see here I don't
think I found a culture shock it's just
you know you just learn to this is a
third world country and you learn that
you accept certain things that instead
of trying to make everybody you know
change to your way of life and your
style and you know don't get in a hurry
yeah it's the Philippines your own
you're retired you know you're here on
vacation take your time because you're
not going to go through the line like
Zip yeah you know you're gonna be a
while so just don't get in a hurry just
take your time and relax
you can have a wonderful time here if
you just relax thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it you're welcome
thank you hi what's your name hello my
name is John and where are you from I'm
from Belgium and what brings you down
here to the Philippines
uh I can actually I wasn't supposed to
be here I was supposed to be in
Indonesia but they refused me done so I
just came here what they refused you in
Indonesia yeah because I asked for
people that are vaccinated so oh I see
so you have to have vaccine to come in
here or at least Indonesia okay yeah I
understand how long have you been here
uh less than than a week yeah okay what
are your first impressions of the
Philippines
oh it's pretty nice actually uh
yeah I don't know to explain
yeah if you like it you have a good time
at least yes yes but the the best will
come I guess because I will just get in
the place where I can do snorkeling and
all I just spend time in the cities and
they are huge and I am not too much
sticky so okay have you experienced any
culture shock difference between here
and Belgium
not a shock because I am used to I
already spend much time in Asia but yeah
it for sure is really different okay
awesome thank you so much for your time
I appreciate it
hi what's your name
uh where are you from Spencer originally
Canada but I've been living in Australia
for the past 10 years or so how'd you
move to Australia uh went for uni
um and just sort of decided to stick
around and what brings you here to the
Philippines
I got the chance to work remotely
um so came over it's close it's cheap
everyone speaks English a very good
things about it so
how long have you been here
got here March 17th okay do you plan to
stay long term or just a few months or
my Visa expires July 15th okay so I'll
head off then I think
um maybe come back see how the next
couple months ago
I see was this your first trip to the
Philippines yeah okay tell me about
coffee shop do you sense any coffee shop
where you came here culture show
um not really no yeah
no it's like being to Southeast Asia
before
so it's pretty similar to other
countries I've been to thank you so much
for your time appreciate it and there
you have it guys some people's answers
about culture shock leave a comments
down below let me know whose answer
surprise you anything you want to share
if you think it's time to write it I
take time to respond now for me
personally I got here a few years ago
and it wasn't much of a culture shock
but something that this surprised me
usually was how respectful Filipinos
were towards each other like calling
each other
and all these different words like you
know in Canada we're known to be polite
but it's not really like different
levels of it where you can actually
address somebody with a different type
of like surname not a certain you know
like a prefix or whatever so that was
really surprising to me that the amount
of respect and even like sometime when
people see their Elders or someone they
respect they sometimes put their hand to
their forehead so culturally that was
very different for me you know Canada is
Multicultural so I've seen so many
different types of culture but that was
some things that were very new to me so
yeah nothing too exciting because if
you've traveled to Southeast Asia a lot
of these countries are very similar or
if you're actually coming from like
Canada there's a lot of stuff here
that's very similar right so they have
the same things like skyrise buildings
internet cars just like Canada so it
isn't much of a difference in that sense
but that's my personal culture shock
leave your comments down below let me
know if you've been to the Philippines
or if you haven't been what do you think
would be the biggest thing for you to
adjust to a big surprise anything you
want to share and oh yeah if you enjoyed
this video hit that subscribe button
we're making our way to 100 000
subscribers see you guys in the next one
in a couple days bye
thank you
