what do you like the most about the
Philippines we dated any Filipinas okay
what do you think are the Filipinos what
about any dislikes is this something
that you don't like maybe load of crap
uh hi what's your name my name is
and where are you girls from we are from
India nice
I just came from India I spent three
months there okay a beautiful country
for sure
um and why are you here in the
Philippines we are here from a study for
medicines and how long have you been
here oh
we are here fourth year six months six
months okay so in six months what do you
like the most about the Philippines
peoples and be most like a month the
malls are nice okay
have you been to any beaches near Cebu
have you experienced yes
okay so you girls have traveled a little
bit right yeah is there any dislikes
about the Philippines something that
could be better maybe
we are vegetarians so we don't know and
we have a hobby like pizza
do you have a favorite pizza place here
like uh any names like what is it
Greenwich Greenwich
awesome have you had a chance to
interact with any Filipino people what
do you think of them
all time sometimes we are outside so
that's why we don't we're just busy
studying I guess right excellent thank
you so much for your time I appreciate
it hi what's your name uh my name is um
Anand Chaudhary and where are you from
I'm from India how long have you been
here in the Philippines I almost uh stay
here in Philippines uh five years that's
a long time uh why are you here for five
years what are you doing actually I
studying a medicine doctor in
Philippines okay yeah did you pass or
did you feel that's yeah I already
passed I am working right now I am
working in the hospital okay yeah in the
Cebu City are you gonna specialize in
something or a general doctor what kind
of doctor I just want to become cosmetic
surgeon oh you got can you make me look
handsome yeah you are looking at
something I want to be handsomer right
so all right so tell me what do you like
about the Philippines in the past five
years what do you like the most actually
uh Filipino peoples are friendly like
caring like on there is many good places
so it's most make me like here actually
I like here to stay that's great is
there something you dislike maybe
something that could be better in the
Philippines yeah it depends but it's
okay for me I like Philippines I like
everything all right okay excellent what
about Filipino food have you tried any
Filipino um I eat many Filipino food
still I like okay are you a vegetarian
no no I eat everything okay because I
know sometimes vegetarians have a hard
time finding food here they say there's
so much pork and fish yeah because uh
Filipino it mostly beef and pork it's
very hard to find vegetarian that's the
trick can you see yourself living here
forever yeah maybe
what about women have you dated any
Filipinas uh yeah I did what do you
think what's the difference between
Indian girls and Filipino girls actually
is there depends on the person Filipina
also kind and Indian girls also kind
yeah awesome very politically correct
answer I like that neutral okay man
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it okay
hi what's your name my name is Mahesh
and where are you from Mahesh I'm from
India how long have you been here in the
Philippines
um eight months
eight months and what brought you here
I'm studying here what subject what are
you studying I'm studying medicine
Addison you know gonna be a doctor yeah
yeah
what were you specialize in yeah I'm
still not graduate of a graduation I
have to take the specialization I see
and tell me so far what do you like the
most about the Philippines I like
beaches yeah and waterfalls and tourism
here there are some beautiful places in
Cebu right is there something you don't
like very humid here which part of India
are you from I'm from South India Andhra
Pradesh oh I've heard of it but I've
never been there I went as far as Goa
but no further down how long will he
stay here
two years here do you have a Filipina
girlfriend
have you dated anyone here yeah okay
what do you think of the Filipinos
do you think Filipino women are easy to
talk to and approach yeah they're easy
to talk easier than Indian woman yeah
all right thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it hi what's your name
um
and where are you from I'm from India
okay I was just in India for three
months actually oh that's good yeah I
went to the South but didn't get a
chance to go to Tamil Nadu and what
brings you here to the Philippines I
came here for medicine medicine and what
do you think of the Filipino school
system
good different yeah of course it's
different and obviously I'm from India
so I just feel it's not much spicy as I
expected okay
it's spicy it feels just for me like a
normal stuff for sure I agree so what do
you like so far in the Philippines they
are really friendly and
bearish it's really friendly yeah what
about the beaches did you get a chance
to check out oslob or Mall ball any
beaches no I didn't get enough time I
was busy with my studies it's a busy
studying right yeah what about any
dislikes is this something that you
don't like maybe
I was from different countries so people
sometimes I just feel like they'd be
differently sometimes yeah
um
we have some different culture and so
they we are like uh we speak violently
every time I mean like even if they if
you speak uh like a normal talks they
feel like we are taking it while I'm
late I see they think you're aggressive
maybe yeah so fast because the
difference in speech language and
pattern yeah yeah I get it okay so uh
lastly have any Filipino friends did you
make any Filipino friends here not much
closer friends okay just with some
studies okay thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it yeah okay thank you
hi what's your name goal where are you
from
were you born in the Philippines yes I
was very interesting I think you're the
first of its kind that I've met the
Filipino Indian first one with a beard
first one the beer that's what kind of
made me think maybe you're Foreigner
what do you do in the Philippines what's
your job or what do you work uh
Innovation design so we incubate
startups very interesting have you been
back to India since birth I have my
grandparents used to live there I'm a
little curious about your origin story
how did I end up with your parents
coming here or like how did you end up
in the Philippines worldwide level stuff
gotcha got you what are your favorite
things about your own country about the
Philippines everyone's so nice yep yep
and everyone's authentic definitely it's
the first like answer everybody says the
people the kindness of course and he
dislikes something like me better
uh I think uh contentment is sort of a
double-edged sword so it lowers your
standards sometimes so you got it I
think uh yeah the other side of
contentment might be the weakness that's
kind of interesting for me to find out
like people sometimes I think the
Philippines dangerous or they have this
stereotype I think I think the past what
do you think in the Philippines
dangerous load of crap have you traveled
to many islands around the Philippines
do you have a favorite place that you
can recommend to people that never
visited Philippines well that one is
great morocca is great yeah chargal is
great it's a Boo's great oh that's all
great it's all great I agree that's why
I stay here thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it cheers buddy thank
you and that was some Indians thoughts
about the Philippines leave your
comments down below let me know what you
think if anything surprised you and the
last interview you can't threw me off to
be honest because these questions are
not planned and I kind of go with what
they say and I respond to that so I was
really surprised to find I was Filipino
even though he's Indian originally or
ethnicity wise he's born the Philippines
the Filipino so very interesting let me
know your thoughts in the comment
section down below if you take time to
write it at take time to respond and if
you found this video informative
entertaining please hit that like button
subscribe to the channel share this
video so we could be that YouTube
algorithm also consider becoming a
member of the channel or check out the
details in the description down below to
get much more exclusive content like
behind the scene footage some bloopers a
one-on-one constipation of myself a
video call and my WhatsApp number a lot
lot more check out channel memberships
and consider becoming a member to get
those things and those perks I'll see
you guys in the next one bye
[Music]
