definitely culture shock it's actually
really nice and modern
um
it's culturally different uh very what
do you think of like dating Filipinos
um
the wife the Asawa what are your first
impressions of Manila uh hi what's your
name my name is John and where are you
from I'm from all over but I guess you
could say uh Arizona USA USA what brings
it down here to the Philippines uh the
wife the Asawa Asawa I guess he's
Filipina yes okay which part of the
Philippines is she from she's from
Mindanao southern part of the
Philippines how long have you guys been
together uh eight years what's that like
being married to a Filipina it's
culturally different can you give me an
example food a lot of pork and I don't
like to eat pork so a lot of different
types of food
um and then also she speaks different
languages so she'll uh speak Tagalog and
then move to batayan so so if you're
trying to understand what she's trying
to say kind of difficult so but you
always know when they're talking about
you because they look at you when they
talk to you that's awesome now tell me
how long have you been here in Manila
for a month well actually back and forth
okay but yeah so about a month what were
your first impressions of Manila when
you got here uh well I've been here
before but it's very crowded extremely
crowded people are very friendly but
they lose their friendliness when they
get on the street driving okay or if
they're getting down to the airplane a
lot of pushing and shoving a lot of
pushing shoving on the streets as well
with not quite physical contact with
vehicles but the traffic is just
horrendous and I've driven it and it's
just um it's a definitely a culture
shock yeah you're a brave man for
driving in Manila for sure you think you
go back to the US or is this your home
now you're gonna go back to the US in a
little bit
um it'll be just as hot but less humid
the humidity is
um unbearable it's not unbearable
business if you're not used to it it's
kind of like George in the summer so
which is here we are Manila in the
summer so it's not it's not that much
different so but it's very humid very
humid so if you if you plan on coming
here uh shower and then you'll shower
again once you get back to wherever
you're going and a lot of places don't
have air conditioning whether you get in
a taxi yep or wherever your transport is
a lack of air conditioning is a big
thing it's a luxury so if you do have
air conditioning people will come and
seek you out to just hang out in your
air conditioning so no matter what
you're doing just hanging out eating
some
peanuts or whatever
um yeah they love everything so many
malls here right yeah that's why yeah
they love the air conditioning because
there's so many malls they go to the
malls and also Mall of Asia is
incredible I don't know if you've been
there but it's fantastic very busy
extremely busy uh you gotta figure a 12
mile everything's kilometers around here
but a 12 mile taxi ride is gonna cost
you a lot of money it's going to take
you about 45 minutes just to go 12 miles
wow because of stop and go traffic it's
just incredible I see you have a camera
what's that all about well I do a lot of
photography I also have my own
um YouTube channel Lord John's
Adventures awesome please like And
subscribe Lord John's Adventures I'll be
sure to put that in the video I
appreciate it thank you so much
appreciate it thank you good luck to you
thanks hi what's your name Harry oh
where are you from the UK well it brings
you down here to Manila uh teacher oh
are you like a full-time teacher here
what do you teach uh Spanish and French
what are your favorite things about this
country so far uh people super friendly
from the get-go people have been really
open yes
just kind
um I'd say
the weather I know it's rainy season but
to be honest it's still better than the
UK is still amazing that's interesting
yeah it's a beautiful country what I've
seen so far I've only been here for two
weeks so it's hard to say
like what my full impression of Manila
is yeah but currently I like it and just
like so far something like the improved
in your short two weeks of stay
um
traffic yeah yeah I'd say that's been
the one thing that I've struggled with
in terms of just traveling around the
city yeah
um I've just kind of stayed in BGC just
because the times I have wanted to go
out and we've tried to get a grab it's
just been canceled due to traffic Etc so
okay when you say we are here by
yourself I'm with a partner okay how
about Filipino people like everybody
said they're amazing have you had any
personal experience with any of them uh
so there's quite a few Filipinos that
work at the school yeah
um an even just I mean I'll drop like
when we've got in the grab or when we've
got to like a restaurant or even the
people that are working our building
like everyone's just been really
friendly and helpful so okay let's get
you out of the rain thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it hi what's
your name my name is Bruno now where are
you from I'm from uh France but I'm used
to live in Taiwan for 15 years 15 years
that's a long time what do you do in
Taiwan I run my little loan company okay
we want to become bigger but I need some
partnership so yeah okay not done yet
I'm not done yet and what are you doing
here in Manila uh 80 percent let's say
uh enjoying uh vacation kind of and 20
person still open to uh exploring
business opportunities or Partnerships
networking with people exactly okay and
what are your first impressions of
Manila
um
first impression is uh
um I I don't have special expectations
yeah so of course it's uh it's less
clean than Taiwan yeah uh but on the
other side it's easy to communicate
because English has come is very easy uh
yeah nearly every person speaks basic
English what's not the case in Taiwan
because I never used to learn Chinese so
entire in Taiwan uh outside of the
capital yes it's
very difficult okay I understand and to
talk about the thing I want this I want
this okay okay you got it then what do
you like the most about Manila or the
Philippines what are some of your
favorite things
okay I like uh
uh The Nightlife yeah so that's uh it's
it's it's relatively quiet and uh if you
know the places it can also be very
affordable I see which is not the case
in Taiwan Taiwan is not actually uh more
expensive more expensive but I I'm I'm
negatively surprised that
uh
equipment store yeah even the big
department
behind Market Market yeah still much
it's more expensive than in Taiwan yeah
it's a bit surprising right a wild
minimum wage is three times lower so
it's very hard for the also local people
to uh to survive I understand for
example a basic 1 kg of sugar yeah it's
nearly twice a poison in Taiwan very
interesting I wonder why that is because
yes I don't understand nasal yeah maybe
Logistics or the islands or I have no
idea they have also sugarcane I guess
yeah
sure sugar cane
it was weird for me but yeah that's a
whole different story because of course
Coca-Cola needs a lot of sugar have you
had a chance to speak to any Filipino
people do you go any like dates or meet
any Filipinos here
yes uh because I'm in a lot in The
Nightlife so I I made a lot of people
fine and and also locals yeah oh no
that's the communication is very very
easy yeah well thank you so much for
your time and good luck with you thanks
a lot thank you and good luck thank you
very much okay see you hi what's your
name Carter and where are you from U.S
Las Vegas what brings you down here to
the Philippines just traveling I've been
here a few times so I like vanilla uh
what do you like about Manila what are
your first impressions up here um I like
BTC area and it's actually really nice
and modern which not a lot of people
know about so they got good shopping
good restaurants yeah and it's nice good
parties too very nice so you're single
you're taking what's going on with your
relationship status
um I'm single single single single I got
you have you met any Filipinos here yeah
I have yeah what do you think of like
dating Filipinos
um
they're they're traditional which I like
um yeah that's nice
traditional women you know which is
really nice what's it like compared to
dating in the U.S
of us I would say it's still the it's
still good I mean you can find Filipinos
everywhere in the world so but us
it's a little less traditional but it's
still good so aside from like shopping
partying a BGC what else do you like
about the Philippines
oh the weather's not bad it's not too
hot I mean you're from Vegas so I guess
yeah it's good to explore the city
there's there's lots of places to go
lots of food to try and he dislikes
something that could be better maybe or
improved
transportation's not too bad traffic is
a depends on the hour but yeah it's not
too bad okay any advice for someone
that's never been to the Philippines
what would you tell them first timers uh
what I would say is uh get your sim card
right when you land it's like so I don't
know why but it's difficult to get a SIM
card yeah awesome man thank you so much
for your time please yeah no problem
thank you hi what's your name my name is
uh where are you from I'm from France
and what brings you down here to the
Philippines
um while visiting holidays nice how long
have you been here uh we've been here
for over three weeks uh not in in Manila
specifically we've been here since uh
yesterday okay and what are your first
impressions of Manila uh first
impressions of Manila it's very um busy
very busy very
very mixed yeah
um I can see the buildings right behind
you and also behind you right it's
historical and also historical buildings
there and also things that are very
um clean and modern and things that are
extremely poor and uh they're addicted
and uh very
um yeah what's your favorite thing about
the Philippines so far what do you like
the most um all the people are really
really nice welcoming and uh
and the Landscapes are gorgeous yeah
what we've seen with islands and
spectacular Landscapes so okay yeah uh
what's your favorite island that you
visited uh what did I visit
um
I guess
um the ones around El Nido okay
um and also
um Quran that we reacted to but mainly
the famous ones I guess I mean what are
some dislikes maybe something like we
improved something better to make your
journey even more fun
I don't know I know it's like it is
anywhere else right yeah not improve
anything I would like for them to be
able to improve on their standard of
living so because this is probably the
most uh difficult thing
um for me to witness uh that difference
with my standard yeah this is difficult
yeah I understand thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it leave your
comments down below let me know what you
think of everyone's first impressions of
Manila if you take your time to write it
I take your time to respond now let me
tell you guys my first impressions of
Manila in the Philippines but before I
do that guys if you found that video
entertaining please hit the like button
consider sharing with somebody or check
out channel memberships all the details
in the description down below if you
really want to support the channel now
for me when I first came to Manila it
was really really impressive I was
really Blown Away by how big the city
was how populated it was all the tall
skyscrapers not just in Manila and other
places of course the Mall of Asia a
massive mall so many different malls
luxury shopping and it also had like a
little bit of like historical places
such as intramurals and like the uh the
cathedral there just different things
and it has a little bit of everything
for everyone of course the traffic can
be a little bit of a downer but that's
just like any major city any developing
place any place where it has such high
density of population so that was my
first impressions of Manila but overall
the people just as all was wonderful
Filipinos a wonderful no matter which
island which city I go to that's why I
keep coming back here that's where I
live in Cebu that's my first impressions
of Manila leave your comments down below
once again if you take time to write it
I take time to respond I'd love to hear
your impressions if you've been to
Manila if you've been to the Philippines
if you're local if you're a foreigner if
you've never been here if you want to
see this beautiful place that I'm
traveling through yeah so I'll see you
guys in the next one bye so tell me
something in Spanish I don't know how do
you say uh something about the
Philippines in Spanish
um
foreign
[Music]
