what's it like being black in the
Philippines the Philippines here I get
more of like this almost like a family
Vibe you need to get outside of your
bubble okay tell me what experiences
talking to women in the Philippines
women still want you to be like
financially stable I'm curious what is
the biggest change since 1979 and now hi
what's your name hey what's up I'm Andy
uh where are you from uh I'm from Dallas
Texas what brings you down here to the
Philippines I first came out here
because I worked with some people online
I'm a nomad and so after wandering
around Europe for a couple of years I
decided to come out here to Asia and the
Philippines was the second stop after
Thailand okay what's the difference in
Thailand the Philippines tell us some
major differences yeah man I say that uh
Philippines here I get more of like this
almost like a family Vibe if you think
of the culture when I go to Thailand
there is gonna be I don't know how to
describe it what's up man perfect uh so
with Thailand I'd say it's gonna be more
about like you know the food the parties
um
can't really speak for dating in
Thailand but I know here in the
Philippines it's been uh super hand
super friendly super warm super inviting
kind of uh okay so tell me a little bit
more about dating what's the difference
dating your Filipina compared to women
in the U.S you know the whole passport
Bros movement and all that so yeah you
know the passport girls was kind of the
newer thing I've been wandering around
the world since 2019 and uh I guess
where I grew up in Dallas was was pretty
racist and so I had experienced some
pretty messy things I'd say Asia's got a
lot more racism towards each other not
so much towards black people though
um so if you see like there's weird
things between like Japanese Koreans
Chinese it's confusing for us but um as
far as being black out here now we're
treated good
um it doesn't make any real difference I
think uh yeah I think it's something
where it's just very exotic people are
into it out here nice how long do you
plan to stay here yeah I mean I've been
here on and off about three years now
and I'm probably gonna do another year I
just use this as my Hub when I'm
traveling Philippines just got a super
chill uh Visa situation for Americans
and yeah next journey is uh
I'm not really sure yet actually so how
do you finance yourself you said you
work online though right yeah okay so I
originally started off in digital
marketing it's like doing Facebook ads
and websites and stuff and these last
few years I've done web3 so right now I
do sales at the software company there's
plenty of opportunities online I was
gonna ask if you're worried about the
whole AI movement your digital yeah I
think it's gonna change things um I'm
fortunate that I work on the AI side of
things I guess intentionally
um but but I do think you know
especially out here here in IT Park
probably 80 of these jobs they won't
yeah they're not going to exist two to
three years unfortunately right so I
think 10 of people will get to you know
either keep what they're doing or get we
uh doing different work yeah but yeah
it's gonna be a strange time for sure
yeah a lot of positive things a lot of
good things obviously keep coming back
here any dislikes that can be improved
maybe yeah for sure
um you know I think one of the things
when you come to the Philippines in
general is that you got to have a lot of
patience you know things it's kind of
like being on island time and you
haven't been to like Hawaii or something
or best in case everybody from Lahaina
at some point it's it's something where
like it's a different pace out here so
as an American a lot of times we'll kind
of expect a certain speed or like a
level of I guess uh thought going into
different things while out here you know
if I phrase I keep hearing from a
YouTuber is uh just let it be
whatever it is something frustrating is
strange just let it be it's all right
there's something to enjoy for sure man
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it yeah sure thing Alex good
meeting you as well thanks man hi what's
your name uh where are you from Virginia
how old are you I'm 52
years 52. my man you're looking nice and
young what's your secret
uh just uh eat right
make sure you get the proper risk and
how long have you been here in the
Philippines about a week what brings you
down here on vacation just do a little
Recon trying to figure out you know
where I live or do I want to live
elsewhere is this your first time here
yes it is so what were your first
impression of the Philippines uh
personal questions in the Philippines uh
very uh
going on a lot of people not stress yeah
a lot of police a lot of security yeah
uh we're very uh welcoming
for sure
okay and what are some dislikes so far
something that could be improved or
better for your experience no just
traffic traffic is uh real heavy around
that Jeff wow and rush hour
there is a lot of right-of-way
motorcycles that takes a little bit of
get used to across the street you know
it's a little a little bit of a
challenge
um you know because cars have right away
not pedestrians so uh you know but other
than that I mean also some of the
conveniences as far as uh stores uh
stores can be you know really available
soon States but of course that's Yeah
you mentioned security do you feel safe
here are they in danger how do you feel
about I feel seriously yeah very safe
never never had an issue uh screens
everywhere they're locked and loaded
yesterday I noticed a guy getting money
out of cash machine he was got a shotgun
on him you know ready to go so armored
truck yeah so uh they they really make
security here and high priority how long
do you plan to stay in the Philippines
I'll be here for another couple days and
uh then I'll be going back to the US
okay what are you Impressions about
retiring here do you think you're gonna
come back most definitely I definitely
will be back and what about your
relationship status are you married are
you single what's going on there have
you dated anyone in the Philippines uh
not at this time have you talked to any
woman here yes and tell me what
differences or your experiences talking
to women in the Philippines very
feminine feminine
give you the opportunity to express
yourself yeah uh they don't have any
ulterior motives there's no game playing
straight Point okay awesome and lastly
have you experienced any racism what's
it like being black in the Philippines
being black in the Philippines I guess
um is no different from anywhere else in
the world I think it's how you carry
yourself character a lot of people
giving you respect yeah
um people will speak to you
I just went to a small market yesterday
yeah a friend of mine she noticed uh
that everywhere we went the people were
giving her discounts because she was
with me okay so I think they have a
high respect foreigners and also for
people that basically show them the same
respect so awesome man that's great I
wish you all the best I hope you retire
happily here in the Philippines yeah
thank you hi what's your name my name is
Ricky uh where are you from
Texas Dallas Texas now what brings you
down here to the Philippines
relaxation okay how long you been here
this time I've been here for about two
weeks when was your first time to the
Philippines 1979 1979 my goodness okay
okay I'm curious what is the biggest
change since 1979 and now
well the biggest is the modernization I
would I would assume the culture is
pretty much the same I think but the
modernization is uh it's becoming more
and more
on par with what I'm used to living yeah
okay and are you married are you in a
relationship no
um I'm not married I'm not in a
relationship at this moment have we
dated any Filipinos here yes okay tell
me about the difference of dating here
in the Philippines compared to the US
well
well certainly less drama yeah in in the
in the relationships you know and uh and
as you said before
they are always feminine yeah and I can
I can appreciate that so it allows your
masculinity to be unchallenged yeah and
so that's confident that's great and so
you keep coming back here obviously you
must like this place what are some of
the things you like the most about the
Philippines
believe it or not
one of my primary reasons for coming
back here is the camaraderie ships that
I have between my black
brother when I see my black Brothers
here it's it's like we've been
transformed to a new planet yeah with a
new you can get to reset our values and
our relationships with each other yeah
you know because true love is is love
between brothers and and sisters between
sisters and so we get to reestablish
that here yeah it's it's an amazing uh
experience speaking of Brothers what's
it like being black in the Philippines
well
being black and infinity Philippines
in all countries that I've visited and I
visited a lot of countries that are
non-black and it's always
these factors you have the population
and within that population you have
those who favor white people yeah you
have those who favor black people and
you have the general population
and
so you have those Dynamics here as well
as anywhere it's just a matter of what
percentage of Filipinos like white
and there's a lot and there's a
percentage there's a decent percentage
of like life and then there's the
general population that you know will
give either side a fair Shake based on
who you are so yeah so you have to judge
Filipinos
on a case-by-case basis you know because
it's going to depend on on you and and
their preferences yeah that's well said
actually that's the best way of putting
it because I myself obviously I'm not
Caucasian I've visited many countries
and I do notice that difference and I
hear in the Philippines I think it's a
lot closer that Gap doesn't exist as
widely as some other countries yes okay
now do you see yourself retiring in the
Philippines here
any favorite islands and favorite places
that you visited so far in the
Philippines
what happened to uh I've been to Manila
and the emo Hilo up in the tagum city
I've been to the bow I've been to
Zamboanga I've been to uh Cavalia and
the Oro I've been to Bacall I mean I've
been to hang Lao I've been to
um I've been a few other places and I
keep coming back to Cebu
but I'll do like uh hagayan and so uh
but you know there's more than seven
thousand islands here and I from what I
understand there's different cultures on
every island so you know so they say you
should bounce around until you find
something that suits you personally so
but I like Cebu because there's a lot of
brothers here that I get to
to to fellowship with yeah so and I I do
appreciate that a lot that's important
for me for sure and lastly what's your
advice to someone that's kind of like on
the fence about coming to the
Philippines or never been here what
would you tell them
because you know you can you can always
stay home yeah but you know if you want
some if you need to be reinvigorated in
life if you need to you need to get
outside of your bubble and experience
something new I mean and whatever you
spend on the ticket is going to be worth
it got it thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it uh thank you hi
what's your name where are you from I'm
from uh California what brings you down
here to the Philippines uh vacation
checking it out seeing a young lady cool
how long have you been here uh about a
week and a half and what are your
experiences so far in a week what do you
like what don't you like what's it been
like
um it's been cool like I like that
everything is super cheap yeah yeah
um
it's uh
it's a little challenging only getting
used to like the accent
um trying to understand the accent it is
better than a lot of other countries
because the main language is still uh
both the second language is uh English
so yeah it's it's not too bad now you're
here for our special lady did you guys
meet online yeah we met online it's not
uh
we're not together okay we're just
talking but uh to answer your other
question like the thing that I don't
like is all the insects like uh even in
my hotel yeah you can't get away from it
right no matter how clean you are it's
just the tropical nature right you're
gonna get some roaches or something
coming out right yeah exactly how long
will you stay here uh
uh maybe about a month and a half is
this your first time to the Philippines
yes yes and I'm thinking about making it
like my permanent residence if I like it
yeah yeah okay and what do you do back
home do you work online you can simply
work down here or uh no I'm a social
worker okay yeah okay and so the because
I worked for the government it wouldn't
exactly translate yeah okay so yeah I'd
have to find something new some kind of
way of you know uh what about dating so
what's dating like in the Philippines
compared to the US
uh
I want to say
it's kind of like the same where like
women still want you to be like
financially stable yeah they want they
prefer doing with a lot of money
hypergly but the thing is is that out
here you can have like a little bit of
money and still be considered Like You
Know Rich yeah as opposed to in the
states women want you to make like half
a million it's getting pretty ridiculous
these days right you need to play in in
the NBA to accomplish yeah I know right
we're all living in a fantasy world
right I think yeah well thank you for
sharing that what about any
discrimination have you felt anyone
looking at you in like weird way or
um
yeah I mean I've gotten some looks uh
but I think it's somewhat natural I
don't take it as offensive because
um
I think I've I'm like the only uh
minority that I've seen out here other
than you of course uh but normally if I
do see a foreigner they're normally
Caucasian yeah so it makes sense that
I'd get some stairs stairs isn't a bad
thing definitely especially over here I
think people I'm very curious to see
where people are coming from yeah what
they're doing here and whatever else all
right man thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it yeah yeah no
problem leave your comments down below
let me know what you think of the answer
does something surprised you anything
you want to share if you take your time
to write it I take it time to respond
now for me personally it's very naive to
say no countries without you know racism
of course it exists everywhere but from
my personal experience in the
Philippines that really isn't an issue
people here are very welcoming
open-minded and receptive and I think it
has a lot to do with Filipino people
being very very open-minded and just
culturally they're very welcoming so I
don't think race is much of an issue
here as in some other countries perhaps
I've also expered racism myself in
different countries these but not really
so much at all actually here in the
Philippines now your story can be
different your experience can be
different but generally speaking overall
it's not an issue you know sometimes
they get emails or comments that people
asking oh well do Filipinos like black
guys or or something like that along the
lines of that kind of question of course
I say they do and here I've seen a lot
of brothers with very attractive
Filipinas just like any other race I
don't think it's an issue here as much
as it might be in different countries if
you enjoyed this video hit that like
button share it with some of them I also
enjoyed and consider becoming a member
of the channel check out details in the
description where you can see what kind
of perks you get a lot more exclusive
content like one-on-one video call
myself my personal WhatsApp number
members only live streams and videos
bloopers and status updates a lot more
if you're a member of the channel I'll
see you guys in the next one bye
