oh here we go again people my boy Jej Vinson is making his stand on the voice
and I just saw on The Voice YouTube
channel but they just released the video
of him performing love lies now if you
are new to the channel welcome to the
skillful voice and welcome to my segment
called vocal coach reacts to hear on the
segment we react to amazing singers and
break down what they do vocally so you
can do it at home before we get started
I just want to announce that I'm
creating my first-ever course it's a
course dedicated to you skillful voice fam
and how you can find your singing voice
look I'm not going to sugarcoat it for
the longest time I was in a rough patch
with singing and after many years of
trying it on my own and eventually
getting a singing teacher I came to the
conclusion that anybody can sing anybody
all you really need is a little push and
the proper guidance to help you get up
on stage and sing or to even record
yourself to sing on Instagram Facebook
or whatever social media platform that
you're on and to help you get started on
your path I actually created this mini
course on vibrato it's actually two
main components to help you sing with
vibrato just like your favorite artist
the best part it's totally free you can
grab it in the description below now
without further ado let's react and
analyze Jej Vinson's vocal
performance on love lies on NBC's The
Voice okay here we go I'm excited
love those low notes is breath support
ooh that rhythm run very clean that
aren't be like five that he's doing
Oh do that confidence yes stare at that
crowd because I had was right there love
his vibrato
well that my broader right there and
that riffing run
I love that rhythm Ron he's just having
fun now
singing it bro
Kelly clapping dude very clean
performance judge loved every minute of
it now let's go back and analyze how
judge tackled love lies on NBC's The
Voice all right guys time for the vocal
breakdown
Jej really did a clean performance of
love lies on the voice top 24
performances now I just jotted down some
vocal techniques that I wanted to
highlight and the things that I felt he
did really amazing on first off how he
tackled low notes now if you've been
following my previous videos you know
that it takes a degree of skill to sing
low notes oftentimes beginning singers
don't realize this but to hit those low
notes it actually takes a great deal of
breath support and breath control to
have enough air to sing at that lower
register and that's because it takes a
great deal of breath support to get
those low notes especially sing low
notes on key and he did a great job of
it right here
another thing he did really well is
swagger in confidence I've always said
this you don't have to be the best
singer in the world
but if you're singing and you have a
degree of confidence and swagger that
your audience can pick up on they'll eat
that up
the audience will pick up on the
confidence that you're putting out there
and they're more likely than not to
forgive any vocal mistakes that you
might do you might notice that you're
making a vocal mistake but your audience
might not pick up on it because they're
so in tune with how you're carrying
yourself on stage now let's see an
example of Jej's swagger on his vocal
performance look how he's staring at the
camera walking with this swagger
you can tell that he's confident and you
can tell he feels natural onstage and
I'm willing to bet everyone's picking up
on that another thing that Jej did
really well is his mastery and control
on switching in between his vocal
registers in this example that I am
about to show you judge was singing in
his chest voice and then released in his
head voice why I thought this was really
cool is because in order to do this you
have to know where to place your voice
in your throat
to effectively switch in between
registers and not have your voice flip
now let's see it in action right here
start that chest voice and they're
released into head voice and it sounded
pretty effortlessly it's pretty cool and
the last thing that I want to highlight
is his vibrato and if you want to know
more how you can sing with vibrato at
home check on the link in the
description I'm giving out a free course
of how you can sing vibrato and it's
actually pretty easy it just takes two
steps now click the link below but let's
check out how Jej did it all right
right around right here
I brought us a stain right there with
that riffle run effortless
see he makes that vibrato ring and it's
you can tell he's not forcing it and I
actually talked about this in that free
course so get that free course
well skillful voice spam I hope you
enjoyed this video and Jej my man keep
on doing what you're doing you're
singing with that swagger and that gust
so that everyone's picking up on and it
shows because damn here in the top
twenty four well skillful boys fam that
is it for this video thank you for
tuning in to the skillful voice and
checking out this segment called vocal
coach reacts to and if you enjoy this
video or you learned even the tiniest
bit consider liking this video and
clicking the link below and subscribing
here at the skillful voice we are always
creating content geared towards you the
singer and we are doing it weekly folks
so be sure to subscribe and click
notifications so you never miss a beat
again my name is Jourdan with the
skillful voice and I will catch you next
time peace
