for today we got invited to traditional
Filipino fiestas at a place nearby
um there's usually music okay and of
course a lot of food and I'm yeah
already very excited to attend and to
see what's going on there I haven't been
there yet but first we have to go to the
now get a few things for our upcoming
island hopping trip tomorrow
[Music]
a friend of angels is coming back from
Japan and they invited us to come along
on the island hopping trip an angel ends
am i planning this for quite some time
already
this time we are around 30 people I
don't know how to fit on the boat panky
they rented a whole cruise ship this
time but for now can we go to the now
[Music]
so we made it to the first money
exchange and her individual of home us
again sixty pesos which is actually our
freedom for the same for even more than
one behavior do you see the Hong Kong
donor is 6 pesos okay check the other ok
if we go back to the first one and the
rates are quite different at the second
moneychanger we only got four fifty
fifty six pairs also instead of four
sixty so we just
this is done no let's get some groceries
[Music]
okay and we are done with that as well
no we can go
[Music]
okay and we are here um let's take a
look around
[Music]
what is the danger I don't know how to
call it in English we call F of a B but
you can try you can try go to B you can
try
[Applause]
[Music]
it's solar but good what is it
[Music]
yeah we're just an eating the food was
really good had some lumpia and some
pineapple fresh fruits and yeah of
course also the Chon and now we just
walk down to a small store to you buy
some drinks
[Music]
all right and we are here as you can see
it's a little bit in a long area of the
now but yeah it's really in this year
down at the street they prepared already
some food some return and so on there's
that little chapel and yeah we are now
sitting here at the house
[Music]
nothing else nobody noticed didn't know
come on Shawn
gosh I'm gonna get a nice little be up
to select another song same : same
energy fiesta was really nice it was a
great experience really lucky that I
could attend and yeah thank you very
much for the invite again I couldn't
film so much or I didn't film so much
because I didn't want to constantly hold
the camera into people's faces but yeah
it was still a great experience and it
was also the first time that I actually
sing or sang karaoke it was fun yeah
thank you again for the invite
