hey just be just me what is this song my
friends are posting awesome photos on
sls so i want to try to oh do you yeah i
want to upload some really amazing words
but i think you don't need to compare
yourself to others no way but i want to
post my amazing sushi butter all right
all right michael i'll take a picture of
you so it's so cute yes me you're
welcome it's a document yeah it's a
ducky bus
i'm
[Music]
[Music]
is the green spice in sushi it's a very
famous spice in japan too spicy yes yes
you can stop this now no way
i wanna post my amazing sushi oh okay
okay give me some advice just me please
all right uh hold your breath and eat
okay yes
are you okay
it's impossible to eat this oh yeah i
can't oh my goodness don't give up trust
me you can do it i think you can do it
let's go go my girl okay
don't kill me micah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
