yes start the meter brother what's up
everyone its Dennis here and today
I'm going to be talking about the taxes
scam in the Philippines now I recently
watched a video of one of our youtubers
I've been following his name is Valdez
which is a american vlogger or should I
say filipino american vlogger living in
Manila in the Philippines and this video
his sister was vlogging she was she just
arrived from the airport and on the way
to our house she took a taxi and the
text and she was loving there and the
taxi wasn't honest enough or should I
say wasn't didn't turn on the Baader I
was giving her a fixed price going from
the internet from the airport all the
way to to you know to our destination so
the meter wasn't turned on and then in
that video she's trying to tell the taxi
driver turned on the meter obviously to
be more I should have said to be honest
and actually paid the right fair
I didn't realize there's a couple more
things that happen so I'm just watching
the news about it this has happened last
week they realize there's a few more to
it because in that vlog or that video
from Haley which is Willis sister she
mentioned about that and you know she
went on her life and obviously she kind
of expose the Texas scam in there so I'm
just gonna watch the news and just find
out a little bit more what exactly
happened I believe there's something
there's been an update on that one so
yeah no split nassima non-drivers
apparatus opposite Iranian bomb top
anchor in attempt in a peloton not among
the an antibiotic Anya this mojado and
pasajero NASA Halley das ovitch nice and
kill along Phil I'm blogger yesterday
meter Korea
how about that if I find it no okay out
there
I'll glass will you talk about it you're
not fixed at Rockwell I know that yes
are they if you don't mind I'm lying no
you're not gonna give you 500 pesos I'll
give you a tip but I'm not gonna March
not viral on video Hindi Natasha Airport
general manager at Mondrian and now I'd
pay English English Kappa Macondo
valence it was a macabre moment at the
taxi driver actually got his car
impounded his license is cancelled so
basically is out of work so so Hayley
actually posted her reactions on the
whole incident after the fact that this
is always happen and the media kind of
load this up before I watch that I
suppose my thoughts are being in the
Philippines a couple months ago and I
have been going to the Philippines over
the last couple of years the taxi scam
is is always been there all right so
it's not it's nothing it's it's quite
common if you are foreigner and if you
are travelling to the Philippines just
try to be careful and try to make sure
you've done your research you know when
you're dating now for me my experience
I've always use uber when I'm there
people mentioned that grab might be a
good alternative so I never use grab I
don't remember taking the taxes or maybe
once when I was there
over the last couple of years you are
mainly zubur and always use uber I never
really had any problems or issues with
them but taxis can't miss always it's
yeah it's quite prominent in there and
it's quite common sorry it's quite
common suppose I mean if you are
travelling there you do your research
and where you're going and make sure
that you're safe and you know which one
to use now just to give you an example
if I go to I just typed in Manila
Airport in Google and I look at this
website
I've never seen this website and it
looks legitimates it's the International
Airport in the Philippines and there's a
transport section there if click taxi
it's already
they're like scams Manila Airport is
wide famous for its scams regarding taxi
services it is wisely to take only the
official metered or pre book taxis like
that web page is already telling you as
a visitor that there's scams it's it's
there it's it's prominent right it's
it's hard to remove them when that's
been ongoing over so many years and the
challenges for good government or for
for regulation to change but also for us
for people who are actually taking the
taxes to not fall into sort of the
convenience trap I know it's a lot
easier just to pay a fixed fare and
don't worry about it or if you're Niraj
if you're if you just arrived and you're
too tired and you've got a taxi and you
know you just don't wanna haggle you
just want to get the convenience it's a
little bit harder it's a little
challenging to change that it's both for
the government for the regulators to
change but also for the people yeah
that's just my two cents there I'm not
having a go at anyone just pudding I'm
just looking at it from the outside
again it's not just in the Philippines
Sierra and thing is you just need better
equipped yourself be more inform of
where you're going and and you know be
aware of the scams that's in there so
anyways less of me let's just gonna
watch this video over here hey everyone
I wanted to take some time in this video
to address my recent viral video dealing
with taxi scams in Manila I've been
receiving so many messages and
screenshots of all the news footage
since I published this video on my
youtube channel I know that they brought
the taxi driver into the airport
authorities his license was revoked the
car was impounded
I actually just watched the news footage
for the first time on my brother's
reaction video that he just uploaded and
the first thing I thought as I was
watching it is it just made me feel sad
for the taxi driver and that he's
suffering the consequences on national
television so I just want to say please
don't send any hate messages or anything
aggressive or violent to this taxi
driver I have absolutely no hateful
feelings towards him he made a mistake
and having to suffer the consequences on
national television and be chewed out by
the head of the airport authorities on
national television is is saying enough
the truth is there's no
a bullet to ending this type of
corruption and from the responses that
I've been seeing on the YouTube video
and the Facebook video and every
everything else that everyone's been
sending me messages about it's obvious
that everyone in this country is on the
lookout for solutions or impactive
evidence to curb this type of behavior
and I don't have a solution for this
other than creating extreme public
awareness through these videos it is
this type of exposure that this taxi
driver my taxi driver was made an
example of and it probably will scare
other taxi drivers to just not to not
behave like this we all want the same
thing and that's we all want to show the
world how beautiful and welcoming and
desirable the Philippines is as a
country to want to visit to immerse
yourself in so let's continue to work
together to halt this type of behavior
and report it when it happens
very insightful again I agree with Haley
again corruption is prominent in the
Philippines and this type of scam has
been going on for so many years it is a
little bit difficult and challenging to
stop there but you know everyone can do
their part feel free to comment down
below if you have any thoughts or
opinions surrounding the Texas scam in
the Philippines thank you for tuning in
and watching this quick video reaction
video whatever we call it yeah I mean
Philippines does have a special place in
my heart so that's what I wanted to do
this video that's it if you enjoyed this
video give it a like I really appreciate
it and subscribe to my channel for more
videos and also do remember to follow me
on my social media accounts Facebook
Twitter Instagram and more for news
updates and exclusive content well
that's it for me again this is Dennis
and I'll see you very soon bye
