dude dude so freaking insane the energy
and the way that she's like commanding
just like that space
[Music]
the way I used to start my show but it's
not my show I always started how's it
going everybody and welcome so you were
basically every other reactor out there
well that's just my thing no but that's
like a thing now though like have you
ever like a lot of the other actors is
always like Hello everybody it's your
boy what a back with the reactions it
wasn't like that but that's what it is
now like it's always the same thing yeah
how's it going everybody it's good kid
dad back at the reactions today we got
this it's a three minute video we're
gonna watch between this video is gonna
be five minutes long after I sit in this
sponsor I'm not gonna say anything whoa
give me those likes Smash It smash the
like button Smash It smash the Bell
Smash It smash it like I smashed your
mom oh okay went too far
it's a very different kind of reactor
yeah
anyway
it's a great day to play everybody
welcome into the channel yeah
oh you guys were like even like on like
pitch on that one like
it was like okay all right like these
are the like what is it like this is the
church like this is a church this is a
steeple open the door see all the people
wow never heard of that before you
remember that one I remember it okay
oh and then you did a little like
[Laughter]
if anybody's out there watching this
this is not how the interviews will go I
promise okay this is just us having fun
in the live stream anyway uh today we
are this is a first time ever for us
this is Gigi Delana I I don't know if
I'm saying that right but uh she's been
requested a lot this is a cover Unholy
Sam Smith remember have you heard lone
holy yet I've heard it I don't remember
it I think you're gonna know it when it
when it pops up you're gonna be like oh
so oh yeah for Gigi Delana which
what is where's she from yes okay I I
think from the Philippines is that
correct chat I think from I think she's
from the Philippines chat's not gonna
let us down they're just 30 seconds
behind so yeah
it is okay there we go look at that they
didn't even make this I like knowing
anyway so here we are if you haven't
already like subscribed hit the
notification Bell follow along with our
journey check out our live stream
Saturdays from Central Time and our
pop-up streams during the week and if
you haven't already check out our music
on Spotify apple and Amazon without
further Ado let's go
wait already
oh it sounds like live sounds like corn
yeah remember that song
[Music]
okay yeah oh this is like the tick tock
song yeah okay
she was like I was gonna start but just
kidding just making you guys wait it's
cool
I feel that I relate to that
[Music]
[Music]
is she a like I'm having a hard time
figuring out what her actual genre of
music that she does is I don't know
because this is like could be Rock could
be like metal could be screamer could be
pop like I have no idea what her actual
voice style is from now all over the
place go ahead it definitely seems like
it's going more of like the rock this
song is but like I'm like trying to
place her you know what I mean like okay
if you just sang on your own like what
would your voice style be because it
feels like she could really do a lot
yeah also how unnecessary was that like
but cool was at the beginning when all
of a sudden they were like way faster
than they just like started okay where
does
I gotta say that this like this is such
an unpolished Vibe you know what I mean
like it's like it's like she's just
hanging out yeah with her friends and
doing a thing it's it's very like a punk
rock kind of very you know what I mean
like we don't get this often on stuff
yeah okay so Chad's saying that she can
do like Disney songs and like all kinds
of like ballads and stuff like that
which is really cool I don't know what
this is where this is from like I'm
looking at the logo down before so it's
got to be from something like even the
way that this whole thing is wired like
it feels like like clearly there's mics
in front of them but it feels like
literally they're taking her vocals
directly in but then the rest of it it's
like just almost like the room yeah I
mean like that's kind of what it sounds
like like very interesting here she's
got she seems like she's got she's got
something dirty to say like dang man
she's got something dirty she does what
okay look at though look at look at her
face look at her attitude when she was
going through this man I mean
[Music]
oh
that was very like cranberry yeah
I love that totally cranberry-esque you
are so dead on that one wow yeah that
gave me that that oh gave me a chills
oh I want to go back here
yeah yeah 100
[Music]
[Music]
he always call me
[Music]
see in that little streak she did kind
of sounded very Joan Jett this is very
exciting I'm obsessed this is
I look just the vibe of the whole thing
this isn't something we see often at
least not us you know like this is uh
it's just so kind of laid back but also
like she's really doing going really
hard it's like only about the art like
the rest of the stuff it's like with the
lights the stuff who cares it's clear by
what Chad's saying though like it just
goes into again like she apparently does
this stuff like lie like it was from her
channel so she like does like live
requests and stuff like that okay that
is just like the versatility that is
there and it's not that I don't think
artists here like Kpop artist can't but
it's just like they just nobody's
Typecast I mean it's just like just do
your thing whatever you want to do what
you feeling right now what you feeling
this minute right right you know what
I'm saying oh go ahead do that and then
put 14 different voice types in one song
yeah that that second verse she did
there that was just like she put like
the nastiest voice on yeah but it was
like very stylistic and still very good
it was it was funny because when she was
talking about Rihanna in the song it
felt very like that first part felt very
like yeah you know what I mean like old
school like on I kind of like just kind
of like that dirty flow but like man
dude but now I'm like okay we saw this
now at some point we're gonna have to
see like the big ballad Disney stuff
because like right I mean like this is
like this is like you know like when
they um they take like Disney princesses
have you ever seen like those ads where
they think the Disney Princesses but
then they make them like goth or like
they make them like they give them like
tattoos yeah yeah stuff like that like
that's what like this is like this is
like the Disney Princess like that end
of things and then like you know she
probably like does ballads and stuff
like that and is like hey look at me
look at my beautiful voice but first
listen to me rip my voice here so cool
[Music]
she be dropping in
[Music]
him
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh my God
[Music]
dude dude so freaking insane the energy
and the way that she's like commanding
just like that space
I'm I'm Color Me
obsessed wow this is crazy does it I
mean how nuts I probably said like I'm
thinking back to the original song and
I'm just like this is one of those times
where like people cover your song and
it's like no shine no that's that's
their song now yeah you know what I mean
like so this song is awesome like don't
get me wrong like I really love the vibe
but it's just like dude yeah this is an
awesome take on this like holy crap this
way I never want it any other way and
like it being it being live right right
like everybody playing their parts like
it's just it's just such a cool Vibe man
like it is very it's very impressive too
like how well she like literally she's
she such such teeny tiny yeah like notes
to her band to like if there is one
thing that I've learned too though like
from um when you're talking about teeny
tiny I don't know but like she also
seems like she's like personally teeny
tiny and all these Filipino girls man
their voices are like huge yeah yeah
they're like they're like these huge
voices in this little teeny like like
package and it's just like how you how
you do that oh I didn't mean she was
teeny tiny I meant like her like the way
that she's signaling her bandmates and
such oh yeah she did just a teeny tiny
like list with her hands to get them to
soften and then she didn't even cue them
in on her going hard like they just came
in and that is not easy to do it's
polished yeah they play together a lot
yeah they like that that Synergy is
great well it makes sense I guess so if
they are like if she takes like live
requests to do songs right they have to
be pretty good yeah together to be able
to kind of do those on the spot you know
like but yeah dude for her like it's
just like the way that she her voice is
shining the way she's doing this song is
shining the way that they're working
together is it is just like so good
foreign
[Music]
she has while sitting down yeah has been
more than some of the live performances
I've seen like at Summerfest right
[Music]
God dang
[Music]
[Music]
Cold Steel
[Music]
yeah that was very very very cool yeah
I'm trying like man it's wow yeah and
people were that was the one that
everyone was asking us to do for the
last hour and a half yeah I understand
there's something yeah it sounds good
some in the water in the Philippines man
yeah I'm telling you I'm telling you
they got something different going on
over there you think the government just
has like Talent pills and they're just
putting it in a locker room
blue one of these has got a pop yeah I
mean something something's happening
wow that's but like that kind of vibe
like if I feel like that's the kind of
stuff that we're getting from the
Philippines like more raw stuff where
the talent is speaking for itself it's
not as shiny it's not as uh big and like
have these crazy music videos or
anything it's just the talent is shining
more than anything else it comes back
though to as we've heard people talk
about like from the Philippines though
about how you know there's karaoke bars
in every corner and there's like
sometimes the equipment just isn't as
good and it really just lends to the
fact that like you really have to work
on you and your craft and your voice to
be able to make that work right and so
like you see these crazy artists coming
out like who's doing runs like that and
changing their voice like that unless
it's unbelievably Polished in practice
live right you know what I'm saying like
that's just man wow and it didn't seem
like she was taking any risks no she was
completely in her comfort zone yeah
completely
vocal yeah where like for for most
people to like switch your voice like
that you're like oh this is risky I
should probably stop moving yeah for
this moment you know what I mean like
but she was she had it not even not even
a question that she was gonna make it
right wow and it is really like I'm
really impressed because I that's kind
of that's my Lane is is very much The
Cranberries Joan Jett like kind of oldie
rock yeah so like I know it took me a
long time to be able to get to doing the
cranberries and I actually when I I had
my band mate suggested it to me and I
was like I don't think I'll be able to
do it I only even tried because he kept
encouraging me but like those especially
like that raspiness that she's getting
and her voice is so freaking awesome and
she she like the fact that she can
switch from like a Joan Jett type thing
to a cranberries like those are so
different type yeah like Rocky voices
I'm literally just obsessed wow well
what was your name
Gigi Delena yeah I'm gonna remember that
one
because I was blown away what do you
guys think leave your comments down
below let us know we do love to read
them and if you haven't already like
subscribe hit the notification Bell
follow along with our journey check out
our live stream Saturday's noon Central
Time and uh also we have music out
Spotify yeah Amazon all the other places
that music exists if nobody told you
that they love you today don't forget
that we love you you're appreciated
always welcome here in this Channel and
you are enough and last but certainly
not least it was a great day to play
thanks guys we'll see you in the next
video goodbye
myself
[Music]
