today we're on the island of Maui I'm
here to learn about how Filipino food
has evolved in Hawaii we're gonna meet
up with chef Sheldon Simeon whose
grandparents emigrated to Hawaii in the
early 1900s he's gonna show me how to
harvest sugar cane farm Filipino
ingredients and of course cook three of
his favorite Filipino Hawaiian dishes I
mean that's why you're here right in the
early nineteen hundred's the Hawaiian
sugar planters Association heavily
recruited ilocanos from the Philippines
to work on Hawaii's plantations ilocanos
come from the Ilocos Region of Luzon in
northwestern Philippines Sheldon where
are we we are standing at the foot of a
sugar mill here in Puna in the center of
the band abandoned he closed just two
years ago
it was the last sugar mill in Hawaii
that was operating but can you imagine
at it's at its peak it was the
livelihood of the island of the state in
fact Sheldon opened his second
restaurant lineage to celebrate the
recipes of his Ilocano roots in the
Hawaiian Islands Ilocano food it's all
about the vegetables in opinion that's
it was important the scientists on the
menu it's pork and peas the one dish
that is always the most requested soy
sauce I'll show you sugar cane or apple
cider vinegar mix that around bay leaves
all the same flavors of adobo right so
we've added a little bit of that love
cream in there what this Gani what's
this love cream that he was talking
about it's a little bit of toe paste to
it one tomato paste he kind of played it
up a little bit differently for the
restaurant he shoots pork in peace what
was life like especially for your
grandparents they were cicadas the first
wave of Filipinos they were given
opportunities either to work at the mill
or take care of parcel of land they got
paid very very little for the amount of
money that they were being reciprocated
yeah it's bittersweet the whole idea of
it if it wasn't for the plantation my
grandparents wouldn't be here but taking
over the land and taking it from the
native horns Hawaii has this crazy
history kindly navigated who owns what
who has the rights to what a koa farms
began here in 2007 sugar cane was one of
the first crops planted we use Ryan's
sugar cane juice he presses it here and
we're making vinegar out of it for
lineage yeah and different flavors the
red sugar cane versus the gold sugar
cane versus the rainbow sugar cane all
the flavors come out different it's just
like wine yes so you're gonna have the
different flavors there's a lot of
different diversity we're gonna get to
harvest some today yeah we're gonna
harvest some cane make some juice you
get to soon get your shoulders ready
yeah superpowers ready to go back in was
the last time you chewed on fresh
sugarcane cuts on the field right first
first mince that's all sure you're
supposed to taste
[Music]
we'll run some ginger man he's in a
little bit of lemon juice
color oh that yes very much perfection
right there yeah thank you buddy thank
you so much when the Filipinos brought
these seeds with them when they put it
in the ground everything grew eating
flowers it's making a whole salad out of
a cup to die flower we knew that would
be something that could make delicious
yeah
[Music]
you kind of just break it off there put
it in you're gonna press it down into
the water okay give that a little bit
flippy floppies at this point it's
already one of my favorite things daily
[Music]
like small and then boom in your face
with that bitterness very similar to
bitter no more like winged beans so this
is some capello macro scat very common
fish caught outside here we simply just
butterfly them from the bottom took the
center bone out and then that's just
gonna go the underneath the broiler
had some shaved onions toss that all
together it's pretty simple very simple
this is vinegar that we made with the
sugarcane juice in it we added garlic
and Hawaiian chili peppers there you go
cut the dye the third dish Sheldon wants
to make is an Ilocano recipe known as
ding ding it's a soup based dish with a
ton of fermented fish commonly called
bug along in the Philippines we're gonna
get some Hong or C tau all right
hopefully get some okra and some other
things this was one sugar cane so we're
repurposing it being diverse other than
this mono crop any of your workers from
the plantation yeah so a lot of them
went when the plantation closed they
continued on it's pretty cool that
they're farming their hair yeah we're in
the field of okra I love when it curls
up I didn't know it does yes first soul
crop pretty good huh first time tomatoes
will flavor the whole water with bubble
like the base of it off has so much you
mommy
this especially this comes from one of
our cook jazzy's family we're starting
our own using some Hawaiian fish kind of
just try to figure out I have the rest
of the vegetables in your okra
perfection that lemon olive oil that's
been studied with but this in ending the
different vegetables that we gathered
everyone tells me as the Filipino chef
right they see me on Top Chef but my
lens is very small so I take of Hawaii
as a province the more I travel and the
more Filipino food is being spoken about
I see how specific and how unique
Filipino cuisine of Hawaii is we did a
lot of rustic dishes this is like a
hearty stew I'm so good all the
ingredients in this can pretty much good
anywhere across America and yet I don't
think it's a very talked about dish yeah
but here I think me even more than the
Nobel in Hawaii the heartiness you
really taste it here I want to say that
I would just drink this straight up but
it's fresh
[Music]
I learned so much about Filipinos in
Hawaii and kuleana which is the Hawaiian
term for responsibility definitely come
to Hawaii for this but also come for the
people and learn more about the history
and support the businesses that are
really trying to maintain and continue
this legacy yeah maybe my grandparents
went through this hardship or a lot of
things where things was promised where
it doesn't happen you're here now I'm
here now and when we see our families
and get to eat together get to enjoy the
Sun and the sea things can be put on
pause for a second and just enjoy that
[Music]
if you want to see more hallo hallo you
can
[Laughter]
[Applause]
