[Music]
I've shared a little bit here and there
about what life is like here in Cebu
City sometimes when people say Cebu they
mean Cebu City but really Cebu is an
entire island so you know for this
purpose here in this video we're talking
about Cebu City the actual city I'm sure
a little bit here and there about life
here but what I want to do was answer
the question that I get I get it in p.m.
and and people will ask well what do you
think of Cebu what do you think of Cebu
you know do you like Cebu and so I
thought well I'll just go ahead and do
one video encompassing the many facets
of Cebu City it's a popular place
because of course the the airport lands
right in a moth on now Mactan is
considered part of Cebu but it's really
a little island very small island right
off the coast of Cebu so close that it's
really connected by two bridges so you
can easily just drive from Mactan to
Cebu although that brings me to the
first topic if you do plan on living in
Mactan or you plan on visiting Mactan
from Cebu City you're gonna run into a
lot of traffic traffic was kind of bad
back in 2012 it would take maybe 45
minutes to get from Mactan over to Cebu
City however now it can turn depending
on what time of day you go to get from
Cebu to makan or vice-versa don't be
surprised if we can take you from 2 to 3
hours I've tried doing it by taking the
ferry and hopping over that really
didn't save me much time by the time you
go through all the queues and the lines
and wait for the ferry and then it's a
20-minute ferry I mean it's just you
know pretty long people do it because
they have to it's cheap way to get
across after they get off work but you
can take a taxi but again your taxis
gonna just sit in traffic especially
once you get to the bridge if traffic
isn't moving on the bridge you're just
not moving so as far as Mactan goes
that's the situation now lots of traffic
so if you
do decide to live on Mactan because it's
cheaper which it is a little bit cheaper
to live there you can get some pretty
nice condo deals and whatever don't
expect that you're just gonna hop over
on the bridge anytime you feel like
grabbing lunch in Cebu you're gonna have
to plan to do that early in the morning
or maybe mid-afternoon when the traffic
goes down get to Cebu stay the whole day
maybe even stay the night because then
after 5 p.m. it's just solid traffic
until like 9:00 9:00 9:30 at night
pretty bad traffic so take that into
consideration if you're thinking of
Mactan as an alternative to living in
you know the city now as far as Cebu the
city let's see a couple of things come
to mind number one I guess it's all pros
and cons one one great thing I love
about Cebu is that there's a lot to do
now there's a lot to do depending on
what you want to do if you want to swim
at the beach then you're gonna have to
travel I wouldn't really recommend the
beaches so much south of Cebu I would
recommend the beaches north of Cebu
they're closer and nicer so if you want
to go to the beach plan on driving about
a half hour to an hour to get out to
Compostela everything north of
Compostela there's nice little resorts
there they got a beach access they're
not too expensive a lot of them are like
mom-and-pop type resorts and you can get
them for about 35 bucks a night or so
and you know they even have a swimming
pool a lot of times so as far as going
to the beach even though there is a
coastline that you'll see on the map
right by Cebu that is where all of the
ferries and shipping ships pass through
so it's pretty much their version of the
Hudson River it's just a bunch of diesel
exhaust in there it's really nasty
you're not going to swim in it and if
you're on Mactan and you want to go
swimming you can get next to the ocean
but it's gonna be a bunch of rocks I'm
talking like big rocks so you're not
going to really have some great beach ax
in Mactan unless you pay the day use at
one of the resorts now if you go to a
day use for resort in say dowan out in
Negros Oriental you can get a day used
for like two hundred pesos you know for
US Dollars and you can spend the whole
day at the resort it's really a great
deal but if you want to use the day use
over in Mactan I think there's like the
blue water resort and a couple others
they're not two hundred pesos I mean
expect to pay about six eight hundred
pesos or more to to use those now
depending on the resort some of that is
what they call consumable in other words
its credit towards your lunch or
whatever which is going to be overpriced
anyway because it's a resort so if if
you're just looking to swim and you're
on Mactan go to one of these
subdivisions and they usually have a
swimming pool and for like thirty 40
pesos you can swim there all day till
they close so if you just want to swim
in a swimming pool that's really the
better cheaper route to go now when
you're in Cebu City again beaches are
not not one of the strong points however
when it comes to nightlife and I'll
define nightlife by nightlife I don't so
much mean you know partying and going
nuts and you know the hookers and all
that kind of thing although if you want
that there's mango square which is very
small it's it's really only it's kind of
its kind of overblown the way people
think about it it's really just like
four or five little discotheques in one
building and it's just that one area you
have to go like three blocks down the
road till you start running into some
some scattered you know little bikini
bars out there but you know if you do
want that kind of thing there's mango
square but when I say nightlife I'm
talking about live music a place we can
just sit outdoors get a drink
you know maybe dance if you want to just
kind of have a nice evening listening to
music so for that you've got IT park
which is really cool they got the Sugar
Bowl Mercato I've got a whole video on
that
you can listen to a live band and just
chill kick back you know order some I
don't know some potato snacks or
whatever and just have a nice evening
and there's so many places in Cebu you
can go to any of the major hotels near
the quest like for instance the Mandarin
and again the schedule changes all the
time so you kind of just got to know the
hotels and pop around a bit there's the
Welcome Hotel which is also kind of a
little bit down from the quest and you
can go in on say a Friday Saturday night
Oh another great place to go that always
has music and it's pretty pretty classy
pretty nice is the Radisson go down to
the Radisson on a Friday night Saturday
night right about s78 p.m. and they'll
have lounge singers out there that are
really good it's a lot of local Filipino
talent and great singers sometimes
they're acoustic or they'll do like
basically a sound system karaoke type
thing arrangement from a computer but
you know you can really chill back and
again you can order you can order food
to come to the lobby area they got
tables and you can just have some nice
food some wine you know listen to the
music and and it's till late at night it
still like you know midnight 1:00 2:00
in the morning all these different music
venues you can also go out to Park Mall
they have music out there lots of music
oh and cabanas cabanas has good music
and and it's a you want to get there a
little early maybe about 7:30 8 p.m. to
get a table if you want to sit near the
little stage area cubanos is really
relaxing and again they got some pretty
good food there not just pizza I mean
they got all kinds of really good stuff
and again you get to hear some really
great talent so when it comes to
nightlife Cebu has plenty of that not on
the scale of say Makati or Manila but
enough that you can have a choice of
places when you want to get out for the
night another positive thing is the
whole aside from the IT center area
which has tons of food and the park
social and the Sugar Bowl Mercado
there's also the Ayala mall which
they'll have live music up on the
terraces once in awhile they'll have
Zumba going on
on you know so you get to kind of just
hang out listening to music or whatever
unless you want to Zumba and then
there's tons of restaurants you got a
big movie theater the movies I believe
the last showing is like at 9:00 p.m. so
even if it's end of the day you can go
catch a movie and just watch it till
11:00 or whatever in the evening also if
you're a night person like me you can go
to like the back side of ayala mall and
there's a couple of restaurants there
that are open all night if you go to the
IT park there's a lot of restaurants
that are open 24 hours a day because
they have all of the two shifts
therefore the the BPO centers and call
centers and all that so there's plenty
of food plenty to do plenty of music so
so that's kind of one of the positive
things now as far as people ask me well
where where in Cebu is the best place to
live I'll give you my my slant on it
I've been here since October of last
year it's now beginning of September so
I've spent about the last 11 a half
months living in Cebu City and I lived
in LA hug I lived over by IT Park and
then I moved to the place I'm at now
which is over in my bolo so after after
bouncing around a little bit of Cebu and
going around I've been to all the malls
I've you know God to not all but many of
the tourist locations Taoists temple
leis temple different places when I'll
tell you is that if you're if you're
gonna live in Cebu there's there's three
areas and I'll tell you what I honestly
think just of them okay there is I guess
on the lower end of the scale is what I
call downtown the area a bit south I
guess it would be technically South East
but you know downtown which is out by
the cologne district that's where the
bus South bus terminal is that's where
the e.e mall or where they also it's the
Elizabeth mall so if you look on the map
and you find Elizabeth the mall I'll put
links to this there in the comment
section and if you look at the Elizabeth
mall
that whole area the Cologne district um
I go there I like hanging out there I
like getting food off the street there I
I like it because it's very busy and
there's lots of people
there's also pickpockets so watch your
pockets and your necklaces and all that
but I like : because it's very busy and
gritty and it's downtown it's it's
there's food and there's people and it's
a great place if you're looking to meet
girls there's like three universities
and a vocational center there they all
go to Elizabeth mall right about
lunchtime you go to the Elizabeth mall
at lunchtime and it's just you're
swimming through an ocean of beautiful
women again these are all like you know
college students that are or nursing
students that are going to the
universities they're vélez university is
right over there actually the lezzy
university is over by mango yeah but
so there's cologne district is a an
interesting place I don't I don't mind
hanging out there for the day but
honestly I would not want to live
downtown I would not want to live in
Colonia me personally excuse me
not because I couldn't rough it it's
just that I don't like seeing urban
blight every time I walk outside the
door that's just me to me it would be
depressing also there's a higher crime
factor there you know if you're gonna
run into meth heads it's gonna be down
in in cologne district especially once
you get like the south end of cologne
district it's it's just really kind of
gritty I mean it's pretty strange again
I don't recommend it but I have walked
out around there like 1 2 in the morning
and you see some of the strange well
they're they're shabu heads they're just
really messed up so you really don't
want to be out there late at night and
so I would not recommend I've talked to
guys that lived in fact two of the guys
that I talked to that lived down there
had we're both telling me the story of
how their apartment got robbed so I just
don't really recommend it it's a great
place to hang out like I said you get
some great deals I buy all my housewares
day in downtown my clothes like saved
money
downtown if I need to catch the bus I
catch a downtown but living it's not my
first choice okay a second choice it
would be the Mandaue Conservation Area
now Mondavi council ASEAN is only maybe
15 20 minute taxi ride with traffic
we're not talking about a big distance
it's just the traffic but it sits just
outside of Cebu City proper Mandaue and
consul asean have everything you'd
probably want as far as like nice big
malls it's very close to Compostela so
you can get to the beach faster it's got
a guy pretty much like I said everything
you'd want they got live music there
they got maybe a couple places to see
the big selling point is being near the
beach the big malls and the lower rent
you're gonna pay lower rent a little bit
more than cologne cologne has got the
cheapest rent but again I really want to
live there Monday we in consolation
there are expensive places in consolação
you know don't get me wrong there's some
condos there that are more of the five
to $600 a month price range but you can
find a place cheaper there that's worth
living at then you would in Uptown so
that brings me to uptown uptown is where
I'm living now
you got nice condos now they are gonna
cost a little more they're gonna be more
like five six hundred a month they do
have places over in lot eight in fact I
can see a lot eight out my window they
do have places at lot eight which you
can get for maybe 450 475
but they're very small I mean it's
almost like a wide hallway there's
enough room for a twin bed a kitchenette
a TV on the wall and a window that's
about it so it's more like a dorm and
that's what you're gonna get for maybe
say 475 at lot 8 so you can get an
inexpensive place but if you want to
check out say for instance calyx or
Evita or any of the other major towers
here they're going for anywhere from
just figure 20,000 pesos to start and
again sometimes you can get one for
80,000 if it hasn't rented in a long
time the owners desperate they'll lower
the price a little bit something if you
really look and talk to the property
managers in the condo place they can
they can usually find you a deal
it's just a matter of whether you like
that particular apartment the furniture
they put in it and whatever but I highly
recommend if you're gonna live in Cebu
long-term stay uptown stay near ILM all
staying near IT park
that's where LaGuardia to I stayed there
as well
this is IT park I all our area this is
where you're gonna have really the best
experience that Cebu has to offer yeah
you're gonna pay a bit more for it I
mean if you want to if you want rent
that's $100 a month you need to go off
to some small island and live in the
province if you want all the amenities
that the Ayala area has to offer
well then yeah it's gonna cost the rents
gonna be a little bit my place is
roughly well it is it's twenty-five
thousand pesos a month plus another
seven thousand pesos month just for
electric so we're talking 32,000 month
just for a rent and electric the only
good thing is that I get fiber-optic
included with the package so maybe that
saves me 20 30 bucks actually about 30
40 bucks so I'm very happy but again
some people don't really want to pay
that much but really if you're gonna
live in Cebu long term you you don't
want to be in : now here's the other
thing about living in Mandaue acaba
Stella
I mean consulate Shaun is that you will
get lower rents and you will have you
could be happy staying there and just
enjoying everything it has to offer but
if you really want to be coming over to
sm Cebu or il a mall or even a little
bit further
seaside mall you're gonna spend in taxi
to get here I mean it's gonna take you
about 15 20 minutes it's gonna
about 200 pesos right about there so
you're talking about four bucks each way
so if you want to come in and enjoy a
yalla you're gonna figure about 400 to
450 pesos in taxi fare just to get here
and go back to Manali so if you really
want to enjoy all of the movie theaters
and the music and the IT park and the
sugar bowl Mercado and the social and
the park social and all that you really
should be living in the Ayala area so I
hope that gives you a pretty good
overview of just the landscape here if
you have any other comments about you
know if you have a question about say
for instance red prices I don't usually
give really firm red prices for condos
in whatever because it's always changing
the only good thing is it's usually
changing for the better it's you know
there's a glut of condos available so
year after year the price seems to be
going down plus you have the devaluation
of the peso so what I was paying twenty
five thousand pesos five months ago I'm
paying less in dollars five months later
because of the devaluation of the peso
so rent basically gets cheaper every
month so it's kind of hard to really
nail down right now in a video now
prices because you may look at this
video eight months from now and it'll be
cheaper it'll be different so oh another
thing transportation if you're gonna be
in Uptown Cebu they're actually all of
Cebu City it's very easy to get around
you don't need a car in fact having a
car will be the bane of your existence
in my opinion because you're gonna sit
in traffic you can't pass easily if you
have a motorcycle you can you know cut
through and make your way through you
know some people are really freaked out
about driving in Cebu I just rent I've
done it before I in fact I just this
afternoon rented out a motorbike what I
recommend as the optimum situation
personally I I don't have the need for a
motorcycle in Cebu I can I can jump on a
jeepney that's going to the mall
I can use grab fact I use grab all the
I can get around on a Hubble Hubble if
I'm in a real hurry and there's traffic
I get on a Hubble Hubble and he just
scoots right through traffic there's
plenty of transportation available you
don't need your own but what's great is
like this afternoon I just rented a
motorbike I'll give you the link to the
place that I use very easy you just type
in Cebu City and it's good for all of
the Philippines it's one website you
type in the city that you want and then
it'll show you all the privately owned
and some of them are businesses
motorbikes that you can rent and it's
pretty cheap I consider I mean it's for
instance I just now got a motorbike
today is Saturday and I don't have to
return it till midday Monday and it's
gonna cost me about eighteen dollars
roughly nine hundred and fifty pesos
right about there so so considering I
don't need a scooter or motorcycle all
the time and by the way if you do have
one you got to pay usually for parking
if you're in a condo unit they that's
how they make money as they they don't
just give you a parking space they
charge you for it
and they may charge you up to sixty
seventy dollars a month for it roughly
two dollars a day so that's another cost
you have to take into consideration with
owning a bike whereas for me I just want
to take a bike ride you know this
weekend with my buddies so I just rent
one for the weekend I need it and then I
give it back and I don't have to pay for
storage or maintenance or any of that I
just rent the bike you don't need your
own transportation in Cebu so I hope
that helps you out if I left out
anything again feel free to ask in the
comments and I'll see you there
okay talk to you then
[Music]
[Music]
