let's make filipino barbecue grilled
pork belly or inihona liempo baked in
the oven make the marinade by combining
soy sauce lemon juice brown sugar
ketchup grated garlic and black pepper
you can also use a blender for smoothie
marinade it helps the meat absorb better
the pork belly strips should have a
thickness of about half an inch with a
good fat to meat ratio so they stay
moist during cooking marinate your pork
belly slices for at least four hours to
overnight arrange the meat on a baking
sheet lined with aluminum foil make the
basing sauce using the leftover marinade
after baking for 20 minutes baste them
and turn them over to cook for another
20 minutes after that if you'd like more
caramelization on top bring them back to
the oven and boil on low at this point
your barbecue is done they should be
tender juicy and flavorful with all that
sauce make the spicy vinegar dipping
sauce by combining vinegar chilies
shallot sugar salt and pepper mix them
all up and enjoy your barbecue
[Music]
for this recipe and more visit recipes
by nora.com
