hey what's up guys it's Dennis hear back
from another video and today i'm gonna
be tricking out winner as they perform
the taliban all i know is that during
the concert winner did the talent dance
alright so it's a fan service to all the
philippines fans in there so just in
case you don't know tell the Tala song
or the Tala dance this originated from
Sarah Geronimo who is a famous Filipino
singer alright so if you haven't seen
her music video or haven't seen her
perform I'll drop the links down below
actually react its some of our videos
anyways before we continue on make sure
you subscribe and turn on notifications
so that you'll always be the first to
see any of my new videos alright now
that's out the way let's check this clip
out alright this clip is from Krane Kim
I will link it down below as well so you
can ever look the title videos k-pop
group winner dances tell us about 3 min
long winner takes on the talent dance
challenge and I'm sure Sergey is proud
of is what's written in the description
okay let's check this out
Hey look at the crowd cheering already
Oh
and he could move I don't know who the
members are in winter I know they're
k-pop group this is extreme fanservice
it's good though at least you know kpop
recognizing a you know k-pop groups
recognizing the Philippine offense
Philippines are a huge k-pop fans
without rain sorry but am I trying to
say sorry let me just rephrase it
let me rephrase that Philippines is mad
about kpop they pretty much follow all
kpop bands alright so it's pretty good
for winner to actually do a fan service
and perform the Tala dance in front of I
don't know gazillion thousand of
Filipino fans
I don't know who this guy but he can
dance Orvis lake is is a kpop artist oh
wow it's not just like a minute right
they're probably gonna do more there
okay is he trying to teach the other
members to do the talents and subtitle
Korean other work solid what is he safe
solid is solid solid like solid
look at she look at me
one thing they're gonna try and do it
that's the most famous one you know you
know what it is so far the other members
are following pretty pretty good alright
it's just a matter of how they're gonna
show it all off I bet you one or two of
them would be you know would be wouldn't
be able to pull it off properly this is
extreme fanservice so no Judgment Day
presumably
okay cool stewardess
yeah pretty good
pretty good effort for these guys to be
able to pull this off
while some concert that is
and they still continue on
that guy's doing like the whole thing
all right paladin's performed by winner
what do you guys think extreme
fanservice in there I think it's pretty
cool that they incorporate this as part
of their you know act and it's part of
their act as part of their concert you
know as a fan service to all the
Philippine audience in there so Sarah
Geronimo would be definitely would
definitely be proud
I believe sundar part was also watching
and there was actually a video clip of
her reacting to this as well it's pretty
good that people around the world are
recognizing the song Tala you know you
know that's almost released about three
four years ago it's trending now because
of the dance craze that's been happening
over tik-tok and other social media you
know apps Facebook and YouTube and
people sharing actually that sounds
pretty nice as well so again do
recommend checking out Sarah long-nosed
music video now and plus her live
performance of Tala is pretty pretty
cool there's a lot of good dancing in
here the choreography the lights the
costume designs everything just works
really well so yeah highly recommend
checking out Sarah knows Tala a Miss
video and her live performances all
right anyways thank you guys so much for
dropping by and hanging out with me if
you enjoyed this video remember to give
it a like I really appreciate it and
subscribe to my channel for more videos
anyways that's it guys I'll see you in
the next one
