why do you think so many people love
dumaguetes
it's a lot like the YouTube videos tell
me about starting a business in the
Philippines mostly older people very
young they have children they're very
young before you get to the hospital
they might be dead in Filipina time
that's what I don't like hi what's your
name
and where are you from I was born in
Rome but I live in New York Syracuse New
York for 53 years
wow and what brings you down here to the
Philippines my wife your wife Asawa
right and how long have you lived here
in the Philippines uh I've been here for
about three years now but I've been
coming in for about eight years
aside from your lovely wife what do you
like about the Philippines the most the
people yeah yes yes and very friendly
very nice and uh everything really the
weather the beaches everything of course
any negatives any downsides things that
could be better no no not really no no
so far everything is how did you meet
your wife did you meet her in the New
York oh yeah no a minute over here long
time ago about 26 years ago okay I see
you have a lovely Cafe here how does
this get to be tell me about starting a
business in the Philippines well I have
a business in Syracuse New York and it's
Italian bakery and uh I had him for many
many years and when my wife retired for
her could we decide to move to the
Philippines and that's where we did we
build a house and yeah and now open up a
little cafe because just uh just stay
busy a little bit definitely how long
have you been open for two years now a
little bit over what has been the most
challenging part of opening a business
in the Philippines
challenge because uh
I make oh special pastries yeah and they
are a little bit expensive I think and
Filipino people mostly cannot afford to
buy yeah that's right I mean the coffee
and everything else it's fine but uh
those uh European pastry that I make
it's hard to sell them so it's a little
bit difficult but it's okay though I
mean yeah I'm not complaining of course
this is good you get a lot of foreigners
that come into your Cafe yes yeah that's
the one yeah yeah foreigners they are
okay but like I said they can spend a
little bit more money than the
Philippines people I got you so what is
it that makes the Dumaguete very special
I noticed a lot of people decide to
retire here what do you think that is uh
you know what actually my wife decided
to move to uh over here in Dumaguete
because we are getting old okay and
something might happen we got the
hospital right
so much yes because of you know if we
would have been maybe 20 miles away 20
kilometers away before you get to the
hospital it might be dead yeah I heard
some horrible stories like that so have
you had a chance to go to the hospitals
here oh yeah yeah it's right across the
street from us oh what do you think of
the services it's really nice yeah and
very cheap too okay here well you know
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it my pleasure thank you for
uh interviewing me yes my pleasure hi
what's your name Joe and where are you
from Philippines oh you're Filipino very
nice
that's all I know and tell me what do
you do what's your job I am the general
manager of this hotel behind me are you
home GM yes so how many people report to
you about close to 40. 40 people okay so
you're the boss man kinda what's your
like hardest part of your job uh
training training people getting people
to come in uh updating food getting a
new Chef yeah
basically that's basically it right and
what kind of food do you serve we got
everything from Filipino Italian
a bit of Japanese okay and who's the
owner of the place is it Foreigner or
like a Filipino what do you think makes
Dumaguete so like a hot spot for so many
expats that are here uh aside from the
ladies uh we have a lot of things that
are waterfalls yeah diving we have both
tours and yeah that's pretty much it
okay do you see like a specific group of
expats foreigners here from a certain
country or just like a mixed bag of
people mostly older people
any crazy stories happen with your
establishment that you can think of
well I wasn't born yet but this was the
uh Japanese uh headquarters during the
war oh wow for three years very
interesting so hopefully no hauntings or
stories like that happening
all right man well thank you so much for
your time I'll be sure to put the link
in your description for this place all
right thank you guys thank you I want to
take a second to thank you for watching
this video and to let you know about a
free community that I've created where
like-minded people like yourself talk
about their travel experiences and the
stories we have full access to complete
training on how to travel abroad how to
work abroad and even retire abroad and
have full access to myself where I'll be
there talking to you guys and sharing a
lot more behind the scenes stuff so
check out the link in the description
down below to join the free community
right now and join the waiting list hi
what's your name Larry uh where are you
from uh New York State upper upper New
York State what brings you down here to
the Philippines I just gotta check it
out
what do you like about this place so far
oh I just love the heat you love the
heat I don't know the sarcasm are for
real that's a little sarcasm it might
take me a year to get used to it yeah
hopefully it's taken me three years and
I'm still not used to it tell me how
long have you been here uh three days
only three days fairly new then
what are your first impressions of
Dumaguete specifically oh it's a lot
like the YouTube videos
so you've seen some videos around here
oh a lot okay so you're nice and
prepared did some research I did a lot
of homework okay are you here for a
specific reason or just to look around
ah I thought you know if I really liked
it I might retire here I'll probably
give it a couple of tries before I
decided to sell everything it's a big
decision right you want to be sure and
the Tom are you single are you married
are you I'm single a lot of guys come
here for the women right well I wouldn't
be against that I'm not sure I don't
think anybody is against us so tell me
have you did any Filipinas yet three
days are you talking to any uh Juana
wanted to introduce me to her friend
what was wrong with her I don't know
and another girl that turned out to be
Aussie
uh he had a Philippine girlfriend who
was so shy let's see okay what do you
think about the live music everywhere so
far I like it yeah it's nice and Lively
right oh yeah anything about Yeti
specifically that you like
oh I like the way that people are
everybody complains about the traffic
and whatnot but it seems to me they
really uh
careful with each other you know
they don't uh
there's no Road Rage or anything like
that how long do you plant this plant to
sit here
for a month oh it's a long time did you
rent a motorcycle or just walking around
how do you get around no I don't trust
myself on a motorcycle anymore thank you
so much for your time hi what's your
name
where are you from I am from France how
long have you been here in the
Philippines I came last week and I live
on Sunday oh so just about two weeks yes
why are you down here in the Philippines
what brings you here
I came here because I want to retire
here and I wanted to before making
decisions
to see the the country because I
wouldn't like to go to Thailand or to
Bali because I think there is too much
people from Western countries yeah and
it's much crowded and I think it could
be a good place for that very good so in
two weeks so far one week what are some
things you like about Dumaguete why are
there so many people in Dumaguete
specifically what do you like about
Dumaguete
it's it's a
people who taught me about
and you see people ask Harmony yeah like
that and I don't like that and uh
people are very kind yes
many other places but uh
animes
so I guess Dumaguete wouldn't be your
Top Choice to retire
it can be more interesting for me are
you single are you married did you come
here for a special someone or no I don't
have any partner
I know with God no man
I don't know I would like to believe we
would have someone maybe they are better
I didn't sound have you talked to anyone
any women online or in person at all yes
a lot and uh but uh what I was surprised
very young they have children very young
and the
yeah for me it's a surprise and uh
there are very very Catholic yeah and
everything is on this idea it is the
hotel on the breakfast everyone named
people cross size
okay I got it well thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thank you hi
what's your name my name is John and
where are you from I'm from London
England support any football clubs
Tottenham Hotspurs
they're doing well how do you feel about
Kane leaving oh hey it broke my heart
honestly it broke my heart but now
there's a bit of you know a bit of
positivity on the horizon because we're
doing so well at the moment so good luck
to pain I hope so too tell me why did
you come down here to the Philippines
well I came here to start um my YouTube
channel very small moment yeah trying to
grow it and because I love the
Philippines as well you know okay
um I've fallen in love with it watching
people vlogging and you know mainly
watching Vlogs you know yeah on the
YouTube channel I've been following a
lot of people and uh seeing the
excitement they have and the adventures
in the Philippines try it yourself and
uh I'm so glad I have you know yeah why
not how long have you been here I've
been here for about 10 days a lot of
things that you like about the
Philippines what are some things maybe
you don't like about the Philippines uh
the Filipina time yeah that's what I
don't like because people will make
arrangements I'm used to being on time
you know and everything's Clockwork for
sure it runs smooth and uh yeah can't be
waiting around for a long time for
people here I get it now why do you
think so many people love Dumaguete
specifically because
uh Multicultural I think you know it's a
lot more foreigners here yeah there's a
lot more uh availability of products and
shops you know it's really nice it's a
really laid back as well you know you've
got a lot of people that are friendly
yeah I think that helps for sure and how
long do you plan to stay this time and
if I'm going back to Manila on Sunday
yeah I'm staying there for three days uh
and then I'm going back to London on uh
Wednesday I'll fly at 11 p.m great do
you see yourself retiring in the
Philippines maybe yeah I'd love to
retire here yeah fall in love with the
Filipinas yeah and the place is magical
you know yeah for sure speaking of
falling in love with Filipinos do you
have a girlfriend here are you single
now I'm single now I did have a
girlfriend in June uh we split up you
know yeah and I'm single but I'm still
uh you know I'm looking for a girlfriend
hopefully I'll meet the right one yeah
you know and we can uh build a future
together here very nice what makes
Filipinos different than English women
oh that's just a character their smiles
yeah you know the petite they're
beautiful and they're caring they look
after them yeah you know in England
there's a difference now between uh
women there and women in the Philippines
the main differences the Filipino women
show a lot more Compassionate Care
that's what I feel yeah yeah thank you
for sharing now what's your YouTube
channel about uh Honest John travels
it's basically traveling I've been to uh
a few places in Europe I've blocked uh
in Tenerife Spain I've looked in turkey
and I've come to the Philippines and
vlogged twice so it's just about
traveling and enjoying yourself very
nice new people and having new
experiences perfect I'll be sure to put
that in the description people can check
out your channel thank you very much
thank you I appreciate it thank you
thank you that was some people's
thoughts about Dumaguete specifically
leave your comments down below let me
know what you think of their answers if
you've ever been to Dumaguete anything
you want to share if you take your time
to write it I take your time to respond
and I'm very excited to be launching a
brand new platform online for free for
like-minded individuals that want to
travel that want to escape the rat race
I want to live abroad you know travel
abroad and even work or retire abroad
right go ahead and teach you guys
exactly how to do that you get full
access to myself access to a private
community of other like-minded
individuals and access to a lot more
behind the scenes content and I walk you
through step by step exactly how to go
ahead and live abroad that got happened
for the past three years and follow your
dreams follow your passions completely
free join the waiting list down below
click the link below livingabroad.com to
gain full access to the waiting list we
launch in a few days so go ahead and do
that and of course if you enjoy this
video hit the like button subscribe to
the channel if you're new consider
sharing and I'll see you guys in the
next one bye
