Philippines this country offers such a
unique experience it also added the
highlight to our Southeast Asia trip and
for the video today we would love to
share you with the nine unique
experiences we fell in love with while
traveling the Philippines which we
definitely think you should try as well
to add a highlight to your Southeast
Asia trip
so besides motorcycles jeepneys seem to
be the most popular means of
transportation in the Philippines not
only that there are budget friendly way
to commute around but it's also the
most colorful and uniquely decorated
public transportation of the country as
well the history behind the jeepneys is
fascinating it's originally made in the
US military jeeps left over from World
War II when the American troops began
to leave the Philippines at the end of
the war hundreds of surplus jeeps are
sold or given to the Filipinos here in
jeepney you can sit closely between 15
to 20 Filipinos sharing the same seats
facing each other one of the easiest
ways and the best ways to blend in with
the local Filipinos speaking of fruit or
fruit juice
in the Philippines what we would highly
recommend you to try is Guyabano or in
English they call it as the soursop
fruit we experience this first time from
the market and Wow
since then I would say it has become our
most favourite fruit to die for in the
Philippines
can she try a little bit ? 
the taste is so unique for me I would
say it is the mixed has similar to
pineapple together with strawberries and
apple and also lemon as well
that's good sure
with a little bit creamy texture of
coconut and banana for those who like
strawberry banana shake especially I
believe you would love Guyabano juice
Jeepneys are great but they have fixed
roots so the big advantage comes to the
Filipino trike it will bring you to your
desired location so you should
definitely try out the tricycles in the
Philippines it is very colorful and
functional it's made up of a motorcycle
with an attached sidecar it seats
multiple people and it has a covered
roof the roof is often used as baggage
compartment and the back is often
extended to serve the same purpose it
might look very small but the size is
perfect for small roads if you're
traveling in the province or rural areas
in the Philippines besides riding a
motorbike
we will highly recommend you try the tricycle
here as well with plenty of
coconut trees in the Philippines besides
drinking fresh coconut of course they
also make the tuba or coconut wine here
as well
there are so many kind of tuba in the
Philippines but the version of tuba or
coconut wine that I had is the red tuba
which mostly red tuba in the Philippines
aged around 6 to 24 months basically
Filipino extracted SAP for tuba from the
coconut bud the freshly gathered SAP is
sweet but after the process of
fermentation the SAP become an alcoholic
beverage for me it has pretty much like
vinegar with a bitter sweet taste and a
little bit spicy at the same time nobody
can really tell how much percentage is
for alcohol in tuba. we always have
that feeling that dumaguete is one of
the most underrated cities in the
Philippines even though the city is
ranked number 5
on the best places to retire in the
world by Forbes magazine and also
according to the retire overseas index
dumaguete is among the cheapest places
in the world to live actually we are not
surprised by this at all after staying
in Dumaguete for a month this is one of
the most chill cities we have ever
visited it's not touristy at all from
dumaguete you can easily take a boat to
swim with sea turtles at Apple Island or
you can go to cebu you can take a
boat to siquijor the nature is
stunning and very well preserved also
dumaguete is known as a city of gentle
people and we prove that true castle a
cake is definitely that I said that will
highly recommend you to try in the
Philippines this is the desert besides
halo halo that we would definitely
die for in the Philippines it's really
good
is superb it is creamy dessert made from
cassava root with coconut milk and why
is awesome some people said it is great
with black coffee and I could see why
because is sweet but not too sweet at
the same time and for the texture itself
hands down this is the smartest dessert
we have ever had in the Philippines
imagine these guys it is soft like
custard pudding the top par t
broiled until it's almost crunchy
eating at restaurant is a great idea
with the service quality and air conditioned setting
but what is more fun for us
actually and we would highly recommend
you to try as well is to actually ride
along any roads of the philippines which
you would definitely notice some kind of
like the small family-run street food
canteens serving up a variety of
filipino cuisines which seem to be
similar to eating rice and curry in
indonesia in thailand and in malaysia as
well all the dishes are prepared and
sitting in the pot the fun part is
unlike
from the typical restaurants here
instead there is no menu or the name of
the food provided or written for you so
that is when you just choose whatever
dishes that look the best for you or you
can also start having conversation with
local or with the restaurant owners
asking for the name of the food and
possibly asking for their
recommendations as well and that is
actually what we love doing these are
actually the types of street food
restaurants where we tend to find the
most excellent sisig which is one of
the most popular Filipino dish also you
can find a variety
stews soups curries and even stir-fry
dishes as well
do you love chicken because I know we
love chicken nothing is better than
trying the Filipino grilled barbecue
chicken and what makes it amazing is the
way they marinate it mainly in vinegar
lime juice soy sauce and some herbs and
spices almost everywhere especially at
the night markets when it comes to the
buffet party style you will also see
grilled barbecued chicken for one of the
best and easiest places to find barbeque
chicken we highly recommend you go to
chicken in us all which is very popular
franchise restaurant in the Philippines
you're ever in the Philippines I think
this is like franchise
what is golf mang it's in a song
they also serve unlimited rice here with
an amazing dipping sauce that it comes
with it's basically vinegar soy sauce
and calamansi what do you think
amazing
try traditional Filipino bunka boat this
is what will take you to paradise and
many incredible places in the
Philippines of course with over 7,000
islands you have to definitely come up
with a plan to do some Island hopping in
the Philippines speaking of a banca boat
it is like a canoe supported by
outriggers on both sides to create
stability throughout the ocean and
they're actually made of bamboo what
made the banca interesting is that you
can't find it everywhere and this is
what makes banca become our most
remarkable memory we have from in the
Philippines Island getaways if you liked
the video or find it helpful at all
please leave it a thumbs up and make
sure you subscribe to join along with
our upcoming adventures to Mexico and
South Asia if you're planning a trip to
the Philippines make sure you check out
the link below to get your travel
essential and packing checklist
completely free at divert living.com
ford slash shop thanks for watching and
we'll see you guys in the next one
