oh hey what is going on guys welcome
back to the channel man you guys know
what is it's capable man ok so I don't
know I was to be weird but I'm honestly
loving these who sung it better man
like just I just really like listening
to different like cut Nations if a
country singing some of the best songs
and find out what you guys think who
sung actually something better and like
I've been reading a lot of comments and
a lot of you guys are being so honest
man you guys say in the Philippines you
guys to say if it's the UK you guys say
it's Canada man you guys are so honest
down below and I love that I love that I
love finding out what you guys think
about it man anyways I got another one
for you guys ok it's called whoo
something better black pink kill this
love man kill this level book from black
pink I'm sure a lot of you guys know
this song man you guys do let me know in
the comments down below like just right
now let me know to comment right now let
me know hey you guys love to stop I
guess her to song right but anyways
we're about to find out the battle mad
about zombies between the US UK Vietnam
Vietnam the Philippines Korea Japan and
Indonesia ok so let's get to this damn
video oh wait wait wait wait hold up
before we get to this video man give the
video a big thumbs up man thumbs the
video right now just don't look and
let's watch it right let's go Jones aye
captain hi good GM and got to my member
make sure to hide the in bed too young
price we go to be honest it was really
good man cuz it the couple of job
another cone angle of but never give me
some more
I know get in it look at me look at you
look at ah I forgot you're smart really
good
with him
let's kill this
yes you
we must look at me you a Pagar he's my
yoga you are in the more food again
but the me oh so sorry oh god you are
not okay
outside
so you guys heard all the man okay they
all sounded good maybe except for that I
think that honestly is don't hate on me
but I didn't I wasn't feeling the talent
one much too much more much okay the
talent one wasn't I wasn't feeling it
actually made the last two I wasn't
feeling so much but if I have picked the
order man what I us think from first
second third that's all I'm gonna do
first second third okay you know none of
the others first second third paddock
honestly give it for a second third I
would give it to South Korea I really
like South Korea then I give it to the
Philippines and then it will be Japan
for me that's my top three let me know
down in the comments where you guys
think man so my top three again so guys
heard it is South Korea the Philippines
followed by Japan man let me know in the
comments what you guys think put it down
below right now man but before you guys
do that you guys look you guys like the
video man give the video a thumbs up man
like why not you guys absolutely love
this kind of stuff man hit that
subscribe button man turn that post
notification bells on and catch you guys
next all right
just do it
