what's better and more flavorful than
chicken noodle soup one morning my
boyfriend doug went to jollibee for
breakfast
and brought something back for us he
looked so excited he said
i got something that looks really good
it's called
something like that i was so confused no
idea what he was talking about
this was during the early phases of our
relationship and he was still
familiarizing himself with filipino food
i really appreciate that he makes the
effort to immerse himself in my culture
and food and not have to change anything
about it
this is probably one of the biggest
reasons why we're still going strong
five and a half years later anyway i
opened the container and it was chicken
sauton hon
he was trying to say sotang hon it's
like a chicken noodle soup but way
tastier in my opinion because of the
filipino ingredients in it ever since he
had that first bite of sotang hon he's
constantly asked me to make it at home
good thing it's easy to make what other
noodles should i try
