basically she sold everything I owned I
couldn't do anything I was just tied to
a wall you see the scars hi what's your
name my name is Greg Griffiths uh where
are you from I'm from England uh just
south of Manchester in the UK and why
did you come to the Philippines
uh well I left England in 2011. and I
traveled around Northern Asia I had some
I had some personal family problems and
I wanted to
um
just get away and clear my head because
I'd had a bit of a bit of a breakdown to
be quite honest wants to find a place
here to retire
like I said you have plenty of money
I've sold my house my cars my motorbike
before I came away
so I settled down then I met a girl and
I thought it was Madeleine Love and
basically I haven't seen she told me was
a complete lie
um
but she didn't live with me
um I had the apartment and she used to
visit so um
yeah
two and a half years go on we're just
going forward in time now to October I
came here in 2016. uh November 2016. my
mother passed away in her sleep very
peacefully very quietly she was 82 uh
October 2018
uh and then that's gone live with my
girlfriend
that didn't work out basically she sold
everything I owned all my Productions
she sold laptop phones you name it she
sold it for drugs so
I then took a job in Commodities Island
uh as an electrical engineer I'm not an
electrical engineer but I know it's
white I know how to build houses so I
went and worked on a school extension
there and did all the channeling in and
all the plug sockets and the you know
light switches and all stuff like that
and I worked there for six months then I
had a very bad accident a motorbike
accident
I'm not doing the teeth out I've got
metal plate mad broke my leg in three
places I was spent two months in
Vincente stoppedo Hospital
and of course I had no money because my
mother's died and all my money that I've
given to her I couldn't get so I had no
money
and this was she died the year before so
I was in hospital and I got a bill for
1.4 million pesos
and I thought oh dear that's not good
because they don't let you out unless
you can pay so two days later
the probate had been lifted on her
estate she had a lot of Investments and
everything
and I got 1.8 million Left To Me by her
not my money my money gone the 22
million that I had saved was gone but
1.8 I had so I had 400 000 left
but I had to go back and live with the
crazy girlfriend and I was in traction
for one year tied to her wall she didn't
feed me I lost 16 kilos in weight
and she basically physically and
mentally abused me for one year
uh because you didn't have any money she
spent the four hundred thousand battle
well on drugs yeah her and her family it
was dished out you know with her and her
family there's 12 in the family and
they're dealing drugs no take drugs no
we've not been on it forgotten Shabu I
don't do drugs I do not do drugs so
soon as I could walk
which I couldn't put any weight on this
leg at all because it's got titanium
through the middle of the the bone
holding it together so I couldn't put
any weight on it so until I could walk I
couldn't do anything I was just tied to
a wall
uh bear in mind this girlfriend when I
say crazy she sat fast to the house one
night with her four children next door
in a tiny little house and she hit me
with a red horse bottle sliced me with a
knife you know she just went if she
couldn't get drugs she went crazy you
know I've never seen anything like it
uh but I'm a big boy and I've put up
with it and I've got nowhere else to go
so what the hell do I do so as soon as
you can walk got what I could carry and
I staggered off and I slept on a pool
table two weeks then I ended up about
two weeks later I met a guy and he said
come with me I have somewhere for you to
stay we went to this little Farmhouse up
in the hills and I was happy to Larry
had the electricity and um little butane
give me a radio uh got water supply
close by
and it was great sold all the fruits on
the farm and it was simple life that's
all I wanted you know I didn't want
anything complicated I want a simple
life and I was really enjoying it then
no debt happened
that was December the 16th 2000 and
2000 I can't remember there's twenty or
no yeah it was 20. and uh house totally
destroyed lost all the clothes lost
everything
um all my family pictures everything
built that I had left
so rebuilt the house July the same year
last year
um Baron guy could turn up with the
police eviction notice the people that
own the land the Farmland most of them
work for a company called arsenas
they're a construction company but they
lost so much money during covid they had
to build quick they had to make money so
we all got evicted 150 people for
everyone that's Filipino
um Got 5 000 relocations so they all
went back to their province
I had nowhere to go so I stayed at the
barangay and tea sir and I've ended up
here in La hog trying to get a job but I
found it very difficult because they'll
have all the all the paper requirements
I don't have one with school records and
stuff like it but I don't carry that
sort of stuff with me so and it all went
to my mum's house anyway when it was
sold
so um yeah I'm basically in a situation
where
I'm sort of waiting for a miracle of
some description or some help some
assistance anything anybody that can
help me just get out of this situation
as you can see from the surroundings
here it's not exactly ideal you know I'm
just getting over pneumonia
uh I seem to get fever every time it
rains
and I'm 62 you know and I I'm just not
made for this anymore you know I'm
pretty tough but it's starting to wear
me down six months living like this you
know showering sat there and um wraps
every night
a lot of mosquitoes
not eating for days you know having no
money no income whatsoever just relying
purely and simply on friends like Ian
man you met today who just give me a
little bit of money just to see me buy
you know he's not a millionaire he's
retired man
um but they helped me out some people
bring me a bit of food you know blankets
and stuff like that people are fantastic
here it's the only country I've ever
been to where
I've heard them saying share a blessing
and they really do share a blessing here
but I think the Philippines a lot of
people have been through hard times they
seem suffering so when they see somebody
that's struggling they help them yeah
I'm not saying they finance them but
they will help you out you know and
people have been very very good to me
you know I've had lots of stolen yeah
but I live on the street you know yeah
and uh
aside from environmental dangers do you
feel anything can happen to you what's
happened to anything crazy or
unimaginable living on the street for
six months what are some things that
you've been through so far
so many things
um well I started when I started here I
started cooking food and I was doing
really well I was doing jumper articles
a lot of school children come through
here and the kids love Sean Prada I was
cooking banana cue and stuff and I was
doing quite well and then I got mugged
one night three guys just dragged me out
of bed all my money was in this rap and
they took all my money so I couldn't
reinvest in stock
they took all my cooking equipment
so I'm stopped because I've gotten I
have no
no Capital behind me at all you know um
I built up from nothing
to a little bit but I had basic
equipment I haven't got anything now you
want some equipment you can use right
now to get back to where you were
selling stuff
um
just about everything I need you know
pots pans you know it's all gone yeah
they took it all
three guys in the middle of the night
smash me real bad here and I was put I
was in hospital for a week in Vincent De
Soto yet again
um they know me quite well that if um
right now basically the first thing that
comes to mind is why can't you go to the
Embassy or something or go back home or
something then I can go back home if I
want I don't want I've got bad the
regional left England needs did a lot a
lot problems to do in the family I lost
my family
I don't want the reminder of it I
haven't lived there for well I left in
2011 but I haven't really lived in
England for over 20 years so I've got no
friends there my mother was my only
relative my mother and father were
single single children I'm adopted I had
a sister she died when she was seven so
I've got no relatives whatsoever not one
so I've got no one that can help me I
would not know where to go and live in
England I honestly wouldn't know I I
know where I grew up I don't know
anybody there now yeah so it'd be like
me going to Australia I've never been
there either you know so I can go back
up I'll spoke to the Embassy many many
times that long long when my mother died
I couldn't even go back to the funeral
I had no money at 1500 pesos
I didn't even know about the funeral is
it hard to find like a cash job I know
you got no birth certificate but can you
just work somewhere labor to get a few
dollars at least one of my problems is I
have similar problems yeah I have a few
few lag problems I broke this leg Yeah
in Thailand in 2013.
and this one I did a
2019 so you know both in the legs are
pretty bad and I've got very little
feeling I can't stand up all day I can't
do physical work like I did on the
building site I can't do that anymore
what do I do you know cooking is the
only thing I know I used to have
restaurants so um
I'm not a qualified chef but I know how
to cook I don't know how to make good
food I don't know how to make it
reasonably at an arter price a lot uh to
survive I can maintain myself but it's
getting to start you know you know I had
nearly 10 000 pesos saved up and I did
that in about three weeks yeah
um and I was doing all right and I was
thinking oh The Next Step The Next Step
the next step and then bang you get yeah
so right now how much would it cost for
you to get back some cooking tools some
oil like uh obviously a burner or some
pots and pans how much do you think
it'll cost I probably need about uh God
I don't know about it probably about
eight thousand something like that yeah
let's get going I can't do it here so
it's not hygiene not with that not with
all that crap there rats running around
you can't sell food when it's like that
that wasn't there before you see we're
not selling the food none of that had
all this clear this was all clear
and people used to come through and they
just sit down and you step a bite to eat
you know a cup of coffee or whatever you
know
ideally obviously you I assume you don't
want to be in a situation no so what is
a long-term plan that Miracles don't
happen every day right so what can you
do right now to make yourself at least
start moving towards the right direction
well I've I've applied for a lot of jobs
in call centers but they all say the
same thing they all want the same
requirements
um
I can't
that my Visa I'm very fortunate a guy my
next-door neighbor from Tisa paid my
Visa for me he knows the problems
he's an american guy he used to be he
wasn't he wasn't a captain of his ship
but he was in the Navy and he was quite
high up in the Navy and he said look
Greg you know I'll help you any way I
can he's got five kids of his own
they're their extended family live with
him there's no way I was going to say
can I come and sleep in your garage you
know I don't do things like that I don't
ask people for money yeah the only thing
I asked for if I run out of water I have
to have water yes I'd just say could you
spam me a couple of pesos I don't ask
you in for money you know sometimes
he'll just give me 50K so you know I've
got two pesos on me you know I haven't
really eaten for two days so I'll just
just survive you know most of the time
is the people the Filipino people that
walked by and to help you out with some
food or blankets like you mentioned
right yeah yeah yeah yes some foreigners
but the foreigners to be honest uh they
have a different attitude
um Europeans and that we we have a
different attitude I burnt it
different mentality
what what I have experienced you know
I think no the people are incredibly
generous incredibly generous you know
they bring me food
whatever happened to that crazy
girlfriend of yours we ever no older
accountable or some sort of like
liability to no idea I just left and
that said no contact
no don't want any content when I say
crazy you see the scars yeah I've got
lots of scars from there all these all
these are some barbecue stick when she
went crazy she's got a barbecue stick
which is what they use they don't have
butane and stuff like that than the
mountains they use sticks to start fire
and if she was angry she just get the
sticky it wasn't me she beat her
four-year-old daughter I've never seen
anything like it in my life black and
blue yeah I've never seen anything like
it and that's when I knew she was crazy
and that's when I knew I had to get away
but it's getting away when you've got no
money
so you know it's been a struggle but
then I got the job in camotes I was free
you know six months I was working out
there and I worked hard I had a little
tiny apartment a little little old
motorbike used to go to work on each day
I work with 30 Filipinos I didn't speak
a word of English but we had a laugh and
it was good experience you know I've
learned a lot of things while I've been
there I know how to make only do you
know how to make holding I do not
charcoal okay I don't know I didn't know
I know now yeah you dig a trench it's a
bit like a coffin it's like burying
someone and you fill it full of wood and
then you cover it and Turf and then
grass and then you burn it overnight and
then you pick the coal out
you get 250 pesos it is hard work a lot
of sounds like hard work yeah yeah and
you burn your fingers a lot yeah but
I've done it you know this is little boy
I make no more in cellair when I've got
enough money to buy tobacco that's one
boy I have no idea right you split the
leaves and then you put tobacco in it
okay you roll them up and then you sell
them and you get for a bag of a bag of
12 you get 20 pesos
interested so you're doing your part
whatever you can what you learned at
least yeah I don't sit here doing
nothing don't go crazy
stupid I'm a University graduate okay
all right okay so I went to China for
six months lived in the mountains
and then I went to Vietnam for nine
months then I drove a little motorbike
to Cambodia and I ended up in Indonesia
and I was quite settled in Indonesia I
had a nice rental house and um
then I went to Singapore to renew my
Visa and I always stay in the same small
place and there was a Filipino man that
run it and he was very helpful to me
when I first went to Singapore I've been
in Singapore many many times
and his father died and he's from
Mandaue in Cebu
yeah
um
he couldn't come back to the funeral
because it was a time of the Formula One
Grand Prix it was too busy all the
hotels are packed a needle he might have
lost his job and he had five children so
he was distraught about this so I said
look we'll do a transcript I'll come
back to see but on my way back to
Indonesia
um we'll have the transcript read at the
funeral and then
um the transcript can go in the coffin
and then everyone's happy you know his
brother was giving him grief because he
couldn't come back for the funeral you
know
you know what big families like so
anyway so I did that for three days and
then his mother
um she really talked to me because I was
helping her son out and she took me all
over the place and she wouldn't let me
pay for anything up all right plenty of
money uh but she wouldn't let me pay for
anything so after after a week I thought
I've had enough you know I moved into a
smaller part Hotel
and then I got a small motorbike and I
just traveled around and I the more I
saw of the Philippines the more I wanted
to stay because it to me it's better
than Indonesia it's very very similar in
landscape and everything else but the
culture is totally different yeah
there's a big big ratio not racial um
religious problem the Muslims and the
Catholics yeah
it's quite volatile and that's the one
thing I really didn't like plus you
can't get pork
and it's very difficult to get alcohol
of any description so
um yeah so I decided to stay well thank
you so much for sharing your story my
pleasure I really enjoyed talking to you
you as well hopefully something will
turn up in the future you never know you
never know you never know what's around
the corner you never know I made this
video for two particular reasons I want
to remind everybody that no matter who
you are that something like this could
happen to any one of us A Series of
Unfortunate Events can lead us being a
position that we can never imagine
ourselves being in and second if you're
living in Cebu City or are in the area
have a job opportunity for Greg please
email me at talk now Canada and let me
know what we can do to help Greg out
because uh he needs it clearly and I
don't usually like to highlight or
exploit people and their situations for
views but in this case if someone's out
there within the city limits that has a
job offer for Greg let me know and I'll
pass on the information to him thank you
for watching
foreign
