[Music]
hey red one
[Music]
[Applause]
we are super excited that Pepsi has
connected us with Badshah we're the
coolest rappers in all of India we get
to merge these cultures and just show
what 99 is all about bringing the world
together and true peace positivity fun
dancing music so we're about to meet
Badshah and I'm so excited
so guys should watch I and I'm in LA
right now about to meet now United or to
do my pots on the this is how we do it
song that shows the coolest person I've
ever met
I got a look when it's gonna pour so
what part are you see oh that's a
surprise
[Music]
what did the lyrics talk but it's not
about positivity it's all about staying
when he got into the studio he knew
exactly what he wanted he killed it
[Music]
when Bastion was rapping on a magnetic
song in Hindi in my own language it was
super fun to hear him because I always
hear his song and I kinda don't believe
that he's really here and rapping on
number songs because he's like a very
great rapper because I'm like young girl
from India it was just like a dream you
know I want to introduce you guys to
India on my social media like I want to
break this news I'm super excited to
show all of the group members India
because no one ever visited India I am
so excited to experience the beautiful
culture that they have there and shoot a
music video for how we do it they bring
such positive analogies and I relate to
the sort of philosophy that now United
has 14 young kids from all around the
world I'm really looking forward for
these kids to come to India and
experience India I just wanna tell you
this is a great opportunity for you guys
I'm gonna help you in whichever there
and I can
[Music]
sky when it's gonna pour and no fear for
the fight when you buy the score and
that's
