Vanessa Goncalves 25 Venezuela it's
beautiful this little bunny zone covers
Hass apps you can yeah well I am so
honored to Huff bunny someone go with my
hands Venezuela
hello good morning Philippines how are
you I am excited a year ago I was giving
you my top 10 of Miss Universe
Philippines and you know that my big
fairy was Cassini guessing it was so
beautiful and exotic but when she talked
because she was not like OMG wow like
her oratory wasn't like excellent and in
that moment I changed it Cassini for a
Motilal Cassini instead of winning it
was a mistake obviously change Cassini
but anyways I remember that I put it
patch to miss international and rashaam
to super national and then they were
going to those pageants so I got a patch
and rasam right I usually make my videos
in Spanish because I am from Venezuela
but I am talking in English because most
of you all the opinions of my tops and
my air little time because I know that
this will change are just I was just
looking in the rain surrounds and random
order here we go the first two
instruments of is belladonna
it's Kelly IV I was watching her interim
photos and the most of the photos are
professionals this is not just the
typical selfie no are professionals and
she looks excellent her skin looks so
healthy and I loved that color Marina
and dad brunette color because is just
like beautiful Atlanta crystal a bellow
as an S company smile her beauty is so
fresh I like that suddenly I didn't
found biography R now if
this right at the video of the girls you
know where it says what they are doing
where they come from I don't have a lot
of information from them if you know
where I can find that just coming here I
want to see her Kowalik I want to see
more of her and get convinced of what
she can give me that vibe of Queen
Kavita Kimberly son Wow she said
top models looks like a near-miss with
mom 20 and 18 I adore her hairstyle you
know I think that that make her unique
that make her stand out from all the
girls I realized that this is like a
recently changed because the past years
she hadn't that God and now she has it
it was like a total change is risky she
prepares of actually I can see her like
a strong candidate for IMG Miss Universe
you know that the opinions can change I
haven't see videos of them just photos
Cebu Province April's me I really
comment on Instagram where a person say
like she was overhyping I don't think
that she saw her hypo April Smith was
fully aired she says that she wanted to
make history make her family and
hometown proud and she looked tall I
think that with a good production she
can get look incredible go April's me
Davao City allies Somali now when he saw
his girl the very first time
I had a good feeling her like I was
watching a Miss Universe here if you ask
me I think that she can win Miss
Universe Philippines smile perfect
perfect face perfect hairstyle all
perfect on her the outfit all is perfect
that well city can win so let's see you
know this girl is beautiful and I think
this if she goes to Miss Universe it
will be something incredible Philippines
I think that will be 2 5 la on your
Tresa Ocampo she tried to represent
Philippines in beauty pageants
previously she participated in this work
Philippines 2017 and maybe she didn't
warn but I know that she learned a lot
of this beauty pageant world with
experience you can do great things like
Pia Pia participated three times in Miss
Universe Philippines let's see how
Teresa is coming to this edition of the
Universe Philippines para√±aque she is a
doll I love that exotic hair style with
the fringe her I don't know if I am
saying this right I don't know her Frank
English I'm sorry but I love that
because she has a good she's impressive
you look at her and you're like wow this
girl is amazing
Isabella Roxas is her name and she has
purpose on this life it's a mental
health advocate okay so this city Quezon
City Kazan in Venezuela
okay so nice like queso and queso mean
she's so cheese City I'm not funny sorry
Michelle Gumabao she has 500 thousands
of followers on in Sara I think that is
the candidate with most amount of
followers in this edition of Miss
Universe Philippines obviously she has
the support of this social media world
she has a passion for volleyball for the
sport she shows an healthy image I think
that she's confidently beautiful I I
don't have a winner already but I am
going to post it in my in Solem I will
keep you posted
follow me under I will give you my top
three my queen my final top the speed
change so so-called
Mari I saw a legaly de she's top 15 of
the past when even in Filipinos and I
remember her because obviously I gave
you my top talent of the past year I
don't know if she wasn't my favorites
but I see her now and I'm saying like
wow this girl is beautiful this girl
has potential and I know that she has to
be prepared allowed her performance on
evening gown the past year was excellent
that even in gone I think that she
should we used a living in Johanna game
I hope that she is more prepared than
the past year and I want to see her with
a crown I think that if she's going to
miss supranational Miss Universe or
missing international maybe she can do a
good work because I can see how she's
putting a lot of effort I wish it best
Maria Isabella and last condition in
this of his it's a geek City
Sandra Lebanon Lebanon is like lemon
like dimanche for Hillel emoji she's
French Filipino I can see that in physic
she has all other knives
it's basic it's the right word but
outside she looks stunning this girl
look is sunny and she has everything to
get brown as the next Miss Universe
Philippines she gets she has a good
image in sexy I like this style what to
see how is her stage presence how good
can she talk oh by the way I put it my
fake Gucci shirt anyways guys they are
my top ten
those girls are stunning beautiful I
want to see a good girl representing
Philippines because I want to see
Philippines against in the top five
Philippines all the years send a lot of
woman that can win the crown they have a
lot of preparation
Mabuhay Philippines and what do you
think
who is your top three tell me here in
the comments pieces from very solid -
Philippines
Venezuela bye
[Music]
