[Music]
my TV sister girl honey and today I'm
gonna be doing ecology so let's get
started so after watching Keaney
jollibee video I was craving the
spaghetti so much that I got three
spaghetti here and I also wanted to try
the Aloha burger so let's stick in
because I'm so hungry
let's get that Jollibee spaghetti is a
little bit different than your average
spaghetti it's a little bit sweet and
savory at the same time hmm just how I
remembered it Thank You kini for
reminding me and making me eat this
again I was really craving it when I saw
you eat it I was like oh my gosh I need
to go get some for my next Mokpo so here
I am eating jolly bheem
jolly big Johnny be jolly be honeybee
let's try the burger let's see what's in
here there's lettuce pineapple bacon and
the patty
[Music]
and there's cheese in here as well I
normally don't like click pineapple but
this is a really good combination my
wrong so good
so what do you think since then since it
about no eyelashes on Yanni
I'm going to ease my way into doing less
makeup and that's why I am wearing
glasses I'm a little shy still he I love
Jollibee I love jolly be jolly Jolly
jolly Jolly jolly be so yummy
so today I wanted to talk about and also
ask you guys some of the things your
parents did to annoy you
oh my goodness where do I start
I think a part of parents duty is to
annoy their kids because that's the fun
of being a parent right am i right
parent my dad had so much fun with me
growing up so what are some things that
your parents did to annoy you on purpose
because they thought it was funny so one
thing my dog did that I was really
annoyed of was like I didn't really like
being woken up and the way that he would
wake me up is he bit me
everywhere and he'd be like oh my my dad
but he didn't fight me softly he bit me
really hard and he thought I was just
like you know complaining because I
didn't want him to bite me but he
literally bit me and I had like teeth
marks here my dad was like a cannibal
you guys I feel like my jaw which means
like yummy and Korea
my dad loved annoying me hit that when I
got mad it was funny so he would do
whatever he could to annoy me another
thing that my dad said so my dad wanted
me to have like a high bridge of my nose
you know how a lot of Asians don't have
a high bridge um my dad wanted me to
have a high bridge so what do you guys
think my dad did to make me have a
higher bridge nose can you guys guess I
don't know if it really did help me but
I think it did a little bit it shaped my
nose a little higher
what he did he would always pinch my
nose up here like you pinch it really
hard and one time he brought like those
on laundry clips like paper clips kind
of day and he would flip it there and
I'll be like and he's like you have to
do it if you want a higher bridge of
your nose you need to do it you know
just like keep pinching it pinching it
every morning I remember he does that oh
my gosh that's hurt it's really hard but
hey you know what I thank my dad for
doing that I guess because I like my
nose
I remember my s asked me if I got my
nose done and I was like oh no I didn't
get my nose on those are my natural nose
[Music]
have any of your parents done that
before my picture no I wasn't even like
this it was like boom boom bam bam being
fun I'm pretty sure my dad wasn't the
only one that enjoyed annoying his good
I can't wait to read your comments and
see what your parents did to annoy you
guys my biggest pet peeve that my dad
did oh my gosh you guys I think this is
why I can take big bites because of my
dad so this happened especially when I
eat noodle especially Lamia before I
cooked it I made sure and asked all does
anybody want some they'll be like no and
I'm like are you sure no yeah
so I cook one lemon right I cooked it
and then I sit down sit down be humble I
sit down right I'm just like I get my
pot lid ready about to eat it my dad
comes along he's like oh let me have a
bite and I'm like no you're he said he
didn't want any that's not only cooked
one you don't know I'll just have a
small bite he grabs a chopstick right
his one bite is literally this much a
little more if I had a chop see right
now I would show you guys but this would
be like his one bite and he'll be like
I'll be like this
and then he'll be like we might have
done you know another bite I'm like no
and then he ends up eating like 3/4 of
my LA Mountain has any of your parents
done that like say they're not hungry
but as soon as you're about to eat
they're like here can I have a bite and
they like eat half the theme I remember
my dad would ask for the chopsticks and
I'll be like no no and then like you'd
be like tugging at each other so funny
well if you're a parent right now you
guys do things to make your kids mad
because you think it's funny
I think I'm going to be a jokester mom
for sure last bite of the burger
tell me your stories in the comment
below this is gonna be my last but I can
get it with my fork nope last two bikes
I guess even though I was really annoyed
as a kid I saw memories and that's what
my dad wanted for us to remember because
you're only a kid once last bye
[Music]
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did please go to hit that subscribe
button if you haven't already and to
become a honey bee and like this video
if you guys liked it and I'll see you
guys in my next video bye
[Music]
[Music]
