foreigners whose temporary visitor's
visas have expired are allowed to stay
longer in the crunch break as the bureau
of immigration suspended the issuance of
otl or order to leave
hello everyone and welcome to life in
the philippines news i'm bobby d today's
headline foreigners would lapse the
visas permitted to remain in the country
foreigners whose temporary visitors
visas has expired are allowed to stay
longer in the country as the bureau of
immigration suspended the issuance of
otl or order to leave immigration
commissioner jamie miranda signed an
order suspending the otl last september
7th
the eye spokesperson dana sandoval said
mourinho said several foreigners were
unable to leave the country because of
the travel restriction imposed by the
government during the covert 19 pandemic
he said holders of the temporary visits
of visas or foreigners who have been
overstaying are still allowed to stay in
the philippines but they will still be
assessed and required to settle their
immigration fees and penalties mourinho
said
make sure you subscribe and hit the
notification bell so you won't miss any
update coming from live in the
philippines news thank you for watching
and i'll see you guys on the next video
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
hey don't forget check out some of our
other videos
[Music]
