I have generated an invoice of 50k well
if you don't want to have if you don't
mind it's not a question so what was
your how did your you pager inspire so I
came to the UK in 2009 uh-huh
when a student visa Wow yeah so I I had
to pay this recruitment agency based in
Davao City four hundred thousand pesos
just for me to come to the UK uh-huh
now this recruitment agency eventually
went bust
yeah I was actually all over the news as
well ABS channel 7 etc so when I arrived
in the UK I was deployed in Grimsby
Crimson I was yeah it was a special
place for me yes where I started my
journey in the UK so I was deployed as a
clear in Grimsby I was working for
residential care home and then that's
where my joining the UK started and you
had to pay four hundred thousand so I
had to pay for on the time and then did
you where you did you ever get that four
hundred thousand back, what was that
was for the placement fee and the visa
including the plane fare Wow
so that was everything so it was a hat
that was yes and then soluti I'd imagine
now you also paid for the agency
themselves because if I don't 400,000 is
such a big fee. yeah but then you can you
tell us that company fell apart also says
safe to say we had countrymen who lost money here as well. oh yes it was all over the news
because there were more than 200
Filipino nurses were in their visas were
denied because what happened the owner
of the even agency based in Oxford run
away with the money so from from
Grimsley's where did you go next
along the way I actually I'm
gonna tell you a story about my mission
uh-huh so along the way when I was in
grievously working as a caterer no I was
working at Lee as a senior care after
three months I was promoted I told
myself I was way better than this yeah
yep so I told myself I want to be a
nurse you don't want to be a UK
registered nurse so I've reached my
contract with this agency because we
were left hanging in here in the first
place there's no point of me staying
with any agency so I went to London I
did my overseas nursing program with CT
University of London mm-hmm
so all the money that I have saved
working as a carer and all of the money
that I have saved when my business in
the Philippines settings I can uncus I
have funded my overseas program. nurses today are lucky
today because the agency pays for it all. for you you paid for all of it.
the Hat well it's true and then so you
got from after becoming a nurse I don't
know you know why afterwards where did
you go after that so I started working
as a nurse in a big massive home in
Chigwell it's an East London so I worked
there for six years so I after a year
working for them it was promoted as the
team leader on the scene in us and it
eventually became the clinical lead and
then after six years I landed deputy
managers role in a nursing home based in
Bushnell Park so I was a deputy manager
there for a year yeah I worked for the
company for almost two years actually so
I worked for them as a deputy manager
for a year and then I transitioned to
managing a high dependency unit which I
have set up myself nice in Feb of 2017
and now internet from there where are
you now so from managing a high
dependency unit
I have created from the ground up I
eventually transitioned on creating my
own staffing agency yeah so I've always
been into Panera not ever since so I
spent my Christmas Eve and my Christmas
Day alone pounding on my laptop creating
my business plan doing my due diligence
or researching on how big staffing
agencies operate yeah oh it was really
hard for me to tender my resignation
because I really want my business to
succeed so I did tender my resignation
for the second week of May
the full course to focus on Braddock
your staffing agency so when I actually
started focusing on Bradley care
staffing agency that's when I went when
when I saw massive resorts so from the
night of June until today I have
generated an invoice of 50 K bear in
mind you are your own success and you
are your own failure okay so be obsessed
with your obsessions be obsessed with
your goals whether it's be being
financially free whether it's being a
good father a good provider
yeah a good husband you know decommitted
your goals be committed to your wise
nice nice so well there you go I hope
this has been a great episode for all of
you guys and for me it's been really
enlightening and just remember well I
just have to take Paul and his family
for having us in this wonderful home we
hope to see him soon again at some point
homey it's cool yeah and so just
remember to make a line for your back to
ask about here Jesus a new page
you want to know more stories like polls
we have a lot of successful be Noisia
and we will try to feature them
remember
