long as you actually go out there and
try it what's it like dating a Filipino
yes I'm single but I see that more than
in the states here it's kind of
different because you have to pay before
they actually so I went to the hospital
there and there is a big difference what
is your favorite thing about the
Philippines
uh hello and welcome back to living
abroad in today's video I'm going to sit
down with a young American now most of
the time when we do these videos
in-depth interviews a lot of the people
are sitting here long term are much
older like in their 60s or 50s or
retiring but this guy's early 20s I
can't wait to find out his impressions
of the Philippines exactly what he
thinks of it and his lifestyle being a
younger guy so before we do that guys
hit that like button hit that subscribe
button if you're new to the channel and
consider joining the memberships so you
get a lot more perks let's go ahead talk
to Trinidad hi what's your name Trinidad
uh Trinidad where are you from I'm from
originally California but I'm living
here in the Philippines now are you
living here like permanently are you
visiting uh my parents currently live
here as a student so on top of that I'm
just traveling wherever I really go guys
are a student what are you studying so
I'm studying in financial management I'm
a first year student at University of
San Carlos here at Cebu City pretty cool
tell me a little bit about that how's
schooling in the Philippines compared to
the US uh it's actually kind of it's
weird in a way because like the way that
they do school here compared to back in
the States it's very different because
here they like to do things as a group
whereas back in the United States that's
more individual work so I had to learn
how to be in a lot of group projects
which I'm fine with
working with people but just having that
cultural Dynamic is really a big
difference I know you got a YouTube
channel and that's how we got connected
tell me how that got started or why
you're making videos okay so it's been
somewhat I think now 13 months since
I've lived here in the Philippines and
that was around the same time I grew my
or started my channel and it was
basically just me documenting My Life as
a at the time I was 21.
uh or I was 20 now I'm 21. and I was
just documenting my life here in the
Philippines because I don't know I've
just seen a lot of foreigners older than
me that are like here in the Philippines
they have their own YouTube channel so I
think would be a different perspective
here in it from someone that's
oh for sure I'm very curious about that
myself I'm kind of in the middle area
I'm not as young as yourself but not as
old as some of the other guys so this is
good that we get some different
perspectives different age groups okay
and are you single right now are you in
a relationship yes I'm single but I'm
talking to a couple of Filipinos okay uh
we're always curious about the dating
scene right especially on my channel
tell me a little bit about that what's
like dating a Filipino compared to uh
American Girl
um honestly there's a difference there
is a difference
um you can see it on social media it's
it's posted as bad compared to Western
women to Asian women but
to me I haven't experienced that much of
the Extreme Measures it's mainly just
yeah there is a difference in cultural
Dynamics uh they do believe since they
start having money they don't really
demand
um they start disrespecting the man
which is something you don't see that
hear us common uh they do think that men
are not superior but they do have their
their role in their relationship and
that they are respected so in that way
um besides that they're always very
loving here I see that more than in the
states
okay now about that so what do you think
of like the people here that come here
only for dating now you're here for
school right so tell me where your
thoughts are in like the passport grows
phenomena that's going on so the pass
Bros
um
if that's if that's at the point where
you're at it's your life where you
already have everything you have your
finances done you have experience under
your belt in terms of like traveling you
want to settle down with a woman then
yeah if if that so you know floats your
boat and
you want to go to a different country
where you don't see the same thing or
you're disrespected because you don't
have a certain amount of money like all
these different demands then by all
means yeah do what you need to do but
that doesn't mean you should start
hating on them maybe you should actually
take advice from these women uh that
these men are going to to being
attracted to instead of just bashing on
them like oh they're they're dumb they
don't know what they're talking about
they're only going there because they're
submissive they don't you know it's just
it's very
ugly how the Western women are treating
women from like developing countries
such as Philippines all right now you're
a bit young for marriage perhaps but
what about a serious relationship would
you consider being in a relationship
with like a Filipina I do actually I've
been asked that question quite often
actually so
um yeah I would I think I would I would
definitely probably been along to a
relationship with the Filipino or
married one for sure and what are your
overall thoughts about the Filipino
people I just did a video about like how
kind they are so I want to highlight
that but it might be different for you
so what's your experience with Filipinos
actually since I first came here back in
Manila took here uh I've just
experienced kindness from my whole
experience here I've never been treated
unfairly never been disrespected
um
I've never been looked like side-eyed
anything of them so uh yeah
the statement is true when they say that
Filipinos are the nicest people in the
earth
um I do truly believe in that because
yeah it's living proof and I've you know
experienced that since living here now
let's take a quick second to plug in
your channel I'm curious what's your
channel name and what kind of content do
you make okay so my channel name is uh
it's Nomad Trinidad and the content I
just make is basically surrounding Cebu
see blue is going to be my Niche now uh
I done some traveling obviously so I've
been to Chicago
and took the whole different bunch of
islands that I've recorded on my channel
but now my main focus is just to Google
and what you can do here in terms of
food
um things to do renting anything of that
store okay got it was there any culture
shock when you first came here
surprisingly no because
my dad came to the Philippines I think
three or four times before covet hit and
after it hit the gates were closed for
all foreigners or from anyone entering
so he's was living his life with all
these different YouTubers that were
living here in the Philippines so
since I was exposed to that me coming
here firsthand I just like oh this is
what it looks like so it really wasn't a
big Ultra shot
I see so we talked about a few things
but if I had to ask you what is your
favorite thing about the Philippines
uh
uh might be difficult to think of but
what do you enjoy the most here like
compared to the America I would probably
say the cost of living
um
yeah in terms of where you live
um you can live really comfortably here
in terms of like the certain lifestyle
that you want
um I did a video on for the condos that
I live at and they're pretty good
uh especially in terms of what's your
pain and the amenities of the actual
area and the surrounding place as well
um transportation cost of lab traveling
to other uh islands is it's all cheap so
I would say cost of living is is what I
would say is my favorite thing about the
Philippines definitely have you had a
chance to visit any of the hospitals or
healthcare clinics here that's funny
enough yeah I actually sprained my ankle
when I went to visit later
so I went to the hospital there but um
the one that I went to didn't have all
the equipment that you need so I had to
rush my trip in later and come back here
to Cebu City
and I went to changwa hospital and
they're actually really well-known
Hospital
and they treat you really good
um the bills aren't as expensive in the
states here it's kind of different
because you have to pay before they
actually treat you if you don't then you
don't get treated that's just how it
works here yeah
um oh yeah the other facilities are nice
they're not broken down like people have
said like oh it's you know the
Philippines they don't have all the you
know good technology that they need for
medical treatment but they do and they
do have Specialists here so yeah it was
a good experience look bad do you see
yourself living here long term let's say
after school you're done you see
yourself living in the Philippines
uh maybe actually yeah I was thinking
about it maybe uh be stationed here but
travel to other Islands or other
countries but I think so maybe for a
while yeah I know a lot of people are
interested in visiting the Philippines I
haven't been here maybe you haven't
traveled outside their own country
what's one advice you can give them that
they've never been here what can you
tell them
um I've always been told try something
before you judge it so like yeah
if you've never been there the woods why
do you have to judge it you know
um judge it after the facts if you don't
like it then you don't like it if you do
then you do that's it so
um as long as you actually go out there
and try it then that's all that really
matters don't care what other people say
it's based off of you if you are cares
about it then do it
that got it okay so tell me what's your
favorite place from all the places you
visited so far
I would say chargo I recently just came
back from
I love the whole trip that I would say
the full five days I wish I was there
longer but I had to come back for school
reasons so
it was amazing guys I haven't been there
yet but hopefully I can make it there a
lot of people have trouble adapting to
the Filipino food have you had any
Filipino food what do you think of that
oh yes I am not a picky eater I will eat
anything which is crazy I've had some of
their more fishy dishes that a lot of
foreigners are
questioning to even try
um but I've had a lot of Filipino foods
already have them John I have the patas
I've had their uh gaming Lao I've had
their synagogues I've had the humba like
all the traditional Filipino foods plus
more I've had and yeah they're all good
I haven't had any bad food experiences
thus far you've been through several
different places have you had any
experience in like Province life
Province living yes I do see the
difference now when people say oh
there's a province and then there's the
city and there is a big difference the
province life is more slow it's more
quiet or like uh like Countryside
there's really not much to do it's
really laid back and then when you come
here to the city it's quite opposite
very loud
um you have you know people walking
around everywhere
um
yeah it's just there's a big difference
when when you know you're in the
province it's it's yeah
thank you so much for your time I'll be
sure to leave the link to your channel
in the description down below I
appreciate it thank you thank you
and that was Trinidad guys I would love
to know your thoughts in the comment
section down below let me know what you
think of his answers and his experiences
in the Philippines if he tells you have
to write it I take time to respond and
check out his channel it's Nomad
Trinidad for some other unique type of
content go show some love at his YouTube
channel it's Nomad Trinidad and if you
found this video informative
entertaining or just want to show your
love for myself a living abroad consider
becoming a member of the channel where
you get a lot more perks live streams
dedicated videos and much much more
subscribe to the channel or just keep
watching these videos as you have been I
really appreciate it I'll see you guys
in the next one bye
[Music]
thank you
