welcome to another video in this video
I'm gonna try filipino snacks or
desserts so this is my first video in
English okay so this is what I got I was
looking for Filipino candy but I noticed
that they maybe I'm wrong I don't know
but I didn't find any candy I just found
like sweets okay
first we have pillows the name is
pillows it's uber filled crackers
ube I don't know what Roubaix is but
they told me that it's thick some type
of face
this is product of the Philippines I
only look for product of the Philippines
Philippines I went to this market
seafood city it's very popular over here
anyways they have a lot of Filipino
products and a lot of Asian products but
I only wanted to try to let you know
okay
okay so who smells good actually smells
like I don't know what so let me try a
pillow actually this is really good I
like it and there are two for one dollar
so it's a good good deal
come on it's really good actually it
tastes kind of like cereal but it's
sweet very good
the next thing that I bought is my own
custom oh well those table means toes
and my moon I don't know what it means
in the Philippines but it's a it's
coming like a bad one in Spanish in
Mexico these are cookies sponge cookies
why do they make it like okay these are
hard I thought they were gonna be soft
they're hard actually they're really
hard
I can him it tastes like bread like a
cake no I bought these it's just native
native delights pommes Anna what I
bought it because it's product of the
Philippines and I wanted to try Filipino
products everywhere it says part of the
difference okay
the name caught my attention it says
Mimi Pororo on now we have in Mexico
cookie that are called polar on prefer
honest so this caught my attention but I
don't know what it is I don't know what
this is
looks like like a candy maybe sweet okay
okay it's like you can see it's like I
don't know I don't know what is it but
it I destroyed it anyways I don't know
how you supposed to open it kind of
reminds me of the Mexican candy Massa
pant because you have to be careful when
you open it but this one I don't know
it melts in your mouth it's not
chocolate but it's really really dusty
powdery is it's the word that I was
looking for um when you open it you have
to be very careful because it's powdery
and very delicate and product of the
Philippines eggnog cookie I mean I like
eggnog when it's Christmas time I buy it
and I drink it's really good but cookies
with eggnog I don't know it sounds
really good let me try
no it says made with real fresh eggs I
don't know about that but they put egg
in all the desserts anyway they're okay
I was expecting egg nog flavor something
stronger but no they're really like
normal cookies vanilla taste okay now
for this one I've seen that they make it
fresh in the bakeries but I saw this one
then it's ready to eat
I just have to warm it up in the
microwave for 30 seconds so I'm gonna
warm this up and I'll be right back so I
put it in the microwave for 30 seconds
put the cheese that's the name I don't
know why they chose that mean well maybe
I really don't know what it means in the
Philippines but it's a really bad word
in Mexico in Spanish
puto cheese is the name the line here is
the name which is puto cheese okay so
it's really really soft and fluffy
so let me see what this is all about I
thought that was cheese in it oh yeah
yeah there's cheese a little bit of
cheese but I mean let me try it
hmm actually it's really good I think
though the one you can get in the bakery
fresh is better but this one is still
really good I mean you just put it for
30 seconds and it's really good kind of
tastes like a biscuit like a biscuit
from the KFC but this is really good
tastes a little bit like cheese
[Music]
but it's good okay I don't know what
this is like I've never seen it
it's called calamine I have to put it in
the microwave for 30 seconds to I don't
know why but look I want you to see how
it looks like kind of looks like Oh
kinda looks like jelly it feels like
jelly but it doesn't say that it has a
jelly
it's really moist moist and jelly I
don't know why we have to put it on the
microwave but I'll be right back okay so
I heat it up for 30 seconds and it's
even more jelly it looks more even like
jelly but I don't know so let me try it
I don't know how do they eat this with
what other foods maybe I didn't find I
was trying to look for really really
authentic Filipino sweets or snacks
there was a lot to choose from so now
I'm gonna try this which it's really
what is this stuff I don't know is this
popular in the Philippines because if it
is I've never seen it before okay it's
it's a little bit hot and jelly but I'm
gonna try it and see what happens
okay
[Music]
well
has a lot of flavors in it and the
texture is
[Music]
I mean it's not bad but it's not my
favorite out of all of these that I
tried my favorite has to be pillow
pillows were my favorite the rest are
not that bad but the less than one that
I didn't like the least of my favorite
that I liked was the calamine calamine I
don't know if I'm saying it right this
one is my least favorite because of the
taste
salamat PO for watching and I hope you
liked the video and you enjoyed watching
as I enjoy trying these Filipino treats
nice
we'll see you next time
[Music]
