you
you
you
you
you
hi that's it have a voice and you hear
me now oh so I need to use a microphone
oh my goodness okay brilliant
let's so let's start so I'm very excited
wait I have to grab this microphone
because I'm doing live at the moment and
they can't hear me
I am pH hi hello hi guys thank you for
watching thank you for being here so I'm
very excited let's start now so if you
are watching your Filipino you know this
or with you and it's one of my favorite
the plane flavours are are not my cup of
tea
this I like spicy food and this from
truckers a wishy-washy oshi spicy flavor
are just very nice they know very salty
they are savory but they're not very
spicy
I don't know I don't know about you
hello hello hello so I got actually got
one two three oh my god I've got six big
ones 990 grams
six six of these oh my god
hi guys just be friends with each other
yeah
we'vewe've not huge in size have we've
been lucky you John
and ditto for most alive while I'm
filming as well and unboxing okay so I
have six of these no five
we keep 90 grams spicy flavor and mr.
chips oh my god the big one is hundred
grams that's 90 grams oh it's not the
size is it is it it's the weight so mr.
chips I got three oh my god you know if
you are well if you are a broad like me
I'm a Filipino I I grew up in the
Philippines I was born and grew up in
the Philippines until how did I stay
until I was 20 25 and then I went abroad
I'm 30 85 33 now I went and then I went
abroad when I was 25 so 25 years you 80
Filipino food then you go abroad you eat
important would you feel homesick so
they are there are Asian shops here but
most of the food that you like and you
want to eat they're not available there
so so when someone when I went back home
I eat as much as I want and I can hello
thank you for watching and I on pH still
watching is juggle doing still watching
yes and please comment down below if
you're watching guys I said that I can
greet you so yes so I brought back some
food because I was too scared to get you
know stopped by the immigration but
anyway I just flipped dry food and this
friend of mine went to the Philippines
went back to the Philippines and she
said would you like me to buy you some
food I was like are you sure
so it she got me this food
next up a blanket comes on I actually
made a video of vlog about this and
every now and then I was eating it so
don't get me wrong this is not a healthy
food it's a it's a snack for me or it's
a lot for me and it's I eat it and I mix
it with something nutritious so that it
makes it you know because I mix it with
salad and know I'm ace I add some salad
on the side
I'm m8 colleague from Turkey thank you
thank you for watching hello and so so
for the new viewers here I'm swimming at
the same time I'm live yet so this one
sit come on I eat it with boiled egg
I've sliced boiled egg and put it on the
top and on the side some salad so that
it makes it healthier so yeah and I got
oh she got me two packs of these three
parts of this
this one is 5 8 pieces get 1 3 2 4 6 8 9
3 2 packs of this 8 pieces plus 1 3 so
18 pieces and this is expect oh that's a
lot so simple leave them
hello at the ANA front pH god bless your
blog's hello thank you for watching
dimple thank you for watching thank you
for being here
Mary Roach hi see set up Norman million
years hello sis Mary Roach thank you for
watching
yes darling but subpoenas and come on a
bug on the thing this the whole toolbox
2 boxes is 16 pound 70 and the postage
the shipping fee is 16 pound 70 it's
more like 70 it's more expensive than
the pendulum and and the food hello
hello my thank you for watching thank
you for being here guys go away Kuwait I
also Murphy bug friend Heidi toe you
Mohini but no waves ah him I can see
some new names here a wave ho and
comment guys them to Paulo if you wave
someone watch at least 1 minute and then
he like me in a day at Macomb and Fiona
safe now sorry that William I sub you
already I click the bell you know Sabine
you know Malcolm happy bhai blog and
play begun salmon to my locker and
shocking because they CC YouTube Napa
Bunyan apart sensitive and I like it's a
spam so yeah so let's carry on so the
next box is the next box is a little
smaller but it's it's a heavier so I
have dried fish so I have dried fish
here
it's the regular to your regular dried
fish and I have to hear what's - you
seen youngest in New York oh my god
husband hates this so he was off before
we went on holiday drives like now I
can't take it anymore I have to eat my
food otherwise I'm gonna get ill I cook
I cook fried fish anyone oh my god and
anyone else
there's shut all doors and my kids was
like tristin was like mommy what's that
now so I said oh wait
hi guys just what you can please just
say hello if you're watching so that I
can greet you
right what else guys drop a comment
below and say what time what time on
your where you are and where were you
today and where are you today and what
you call that where are you today and
what time where you are so just let me
know comment down below
while I am unboxing so yes so here we go
that's the trio that's the that's thank
you weren't born in the Philippines if
your unborn eating dried fish and the
smell I don't think you would like it so
yeah everyone hates the smell but to
take it's just so lovely
oh that's the feel and next I'm sure
everyone loves this deal is we call it
delays and it's the it's the anchovies
dried anchovies and its flavored other
he's got tomato ketchup and some
seasoning and it just made everything
made it's so nice
so yes guys delish I have feeling I
think the lower yeah I have I think I
have syphilis here so I have to do this
full cup of the famous oh my god I I
will eat this or over a year you know
guess when I you know I don't know about
you but when I like things when I like
food I eat it slowly like I had some
flakes I bought a pack of sky fleas I
don't know how much are they in I don't
know how much are they in the
Philippines I can't remember 60 basis
and 10 pack something like that I still
have some and my husband showed them
their crackers and we call them sky
flakes it's the brand in four
things I still have a few I think I
still have true and my husband tried one
he said what he sees I said it's a
quacker is the Filipino brand try it so
he store them with it that's really nice
they scream your name my favorite so now
I have boy Balan kornek way back on
corny I have three oh my god so I have
to be of that remember so I have four
packs of days I know so expiry date
23rd December 18 they can expertise yeah
I can't finish this in three months
September October nah
oh I'm planning I was planning to eat
this like for a year I eat one of the
time oh my god I might I might be some
off to my friend otherwise they're gonna
go bad December 23 2013 ember 20 18 18
and I've got two two packs of spicy and
four packs of calamansi
oh my god and I got some graham crackers
because I wanna make mango float you
know those that are crema de fruta you
know guys crema de fruta so I went to I
went to a friend I went to a friend's
birthday party anniversary and they had
a mango float and was like what is this
mango flood it looks like crema de fruta
but it's just mango no lots of fruits
not fruit cocktail so I'm gonna do that
because it tastes different and the
texture is different when I used UK
biscuit and they don't have gray ham so
I'm gonna do that and I like box work
containers not box
oh my god and last but not me
Magic's a lot I haven't been using this
since I came to the UK so and again this
is 2019 July so one year one year extra
day I'm gonna use this for one year and
I only I'm not a massive I'm very health
conscious so I don't put that chain msg
so this one is just for taste
yeah taste so I'm just gonna put a pinch
every time I cook so yeah I'm gonna put
that's it
it cost me 60 pounds something 16 pound
is like one thousand thirty one thousand
one thousand 25 paces and the postage is
more expensive than business okay and
the postage is the process is more
expensive than the food itself
so she was willing to buy me more but I
haven't got any food in mine juvie juvie
juvie and Lindley Isis thank you for
watching dimple V del mundo Oh
dimple dimple polygon oh my god my
suspec LOLOL oh thank you for watching
yes Wow
because you get a mom on a moon comment
dimple V down so value this meaning it
last moon chat dimple V del mundo hmm
thank you for watching so guys yeah I'm
I'm up
I'm finished unboxing so it's too bulky
this made it in the box too bulky she
was looking for a box
she said it's too big she was doing four
box she got two medium boxes one is
really big and the other one is small
but small but heavy and look at things
oh look how big is that it's really big
oh my husband was like I mean let me
show it here oh my god it's really heavy
so this is really bulky this one five of
them she couldn't find any box the other
day it took her a long time to post I
was like I wasn't in a rush I mean I
wasn't in a rush she's already got my
food anyway anyway I was on holiday when
she came back so yeah I was too excited
to get all these food I mean I didn't
have to go to the shop I mean English 30
it cost me 30 how much 33 pound for the
whole thing including shipping or
postage and loving us yeah budget so
1025 pay in peso
so another 1025 or 1050 in the postage
or the shipping so it's like 2,100 for
the whole thing maybe if you're in the
Philippines is too expensive for you but
for us here we probably can't buy it but
this like these graham crackers I can't
get it here and this on TVs with flavor
Belize I can't get it here I probably
can get any sort of this dried fish here
but they're not I said some of them I
tried the anchovies the at the delays
droid delays but not the flavored one
just dried fish
and to be in Indian shop and when I when
I eat when I ate them
I know nearly choked because they're so
salty
you know you manatee mosquito so brown
salty so brown I like so Tina put
Cologne to be near the Queen one pound
is some back juvie and lynly you sons
Australian oh I'm in the UK so I'm
trying to I'm trying to make a British
accent pattern in Australian their
external the sorry a certain accent is
it came from British accent but they
have their own native so it kind of like
mix to Australian and British if you
know what I mean so put you don't know
yes shovel Jen Jen Lindley wait tile to
the ending league game yet you know I
only have I only have done live three
times I think and I don't know how it
works
it shows on my newsfeed if the next day
I'm not subscribed to them it shows on
my newsfeed so I'm just curious if you
all guys come no wave journal at the
hall they see a hole means and Emily
does a newsfeed Co Hindi Pasha in deeper
on aha um subscribe
second lap they're all onions in this
video so I mean so I say YouTube so I
don't know if he Napoleon or waves are
in please watch one minute and then wave
no hawk so again you know you looking a
granule oh my god I'm so humble thank
you very much Julianne
Oh Sheboygan thank you very much
Judy and lynly schulgen done wave Nepal
so I'm just gonna continue filming for
another two minutes so yes guys and this
this one second form I think in here
isn't spicy and that one I think last
time I bought they were like three packs
three pieces for one pound or three
pieces for two pounds something like
that so and it's this friend of mine I I
actually met her on one of my face book
group and she's really really a lovely
woman and you know I said she I think
she bought these boxes I said I'm gonna
pay for everything and I said charge me
for something she said no oh don't don't
I'm not charging anything no no no
charge so I knew a long fat bone I mean
are you in the UK she a virgin
yes I'm in the UK Joey didn't think
you'd do the urn
yeah I I'm in the UK guys I've been here
for many many years less than 10 years
so yeah what else
and I don't have I don't have any
Filipino shop near me I have Asian shop
about half an hour drive and there's so
much traffic so it takes like 45 minutes
one way so on it's just I just get tired
going there so I I thought I probably
went there last six months or eight
months ago something like that so when I
go there I spent about 50 pounds 30 to
50 pound like chili
because I like spicy food i I i buy
chili lots of chili about
five pounds something like that and then
lots of vegetables Filipino vegetables
and not stuff because I like Chinese
food as well I'll buy the the noodles so
I think this this is one pound there I
bought something there before that's one
pound sixty say sixty five pesos
dependent depends on their rate so
alumni guys Tito one family tall if if
the rate is 65 is 65 pieces it's 70 70
pesos or the man 1 pound I don't know
how much is in the UK she sent me the
receipt but I didn't bother to check so
oh I mean I don't know how much in the
Philippines in peso she sent me the
receipt but I didn't bother to check
that's not I just trust her so I mean
it's it's not I mean she um I thought
she made an effort but I'm just really
didn't chicken what else so yeah if if I
thought of any more she would have buy
more for something now she would have
bought more for me but at them at the
time that she was in the Philippines I
thought what else what else I was like
okay one pack fried fish okay this one
and you're like what else what else do
you want
I look can you can you should just
something I guess I can't remember I
don't know what I want
all I know is I want all the Filipino
food
but anyway Julie Julie and Lily crapola
British accent polite yes I'm trying to
well I'm trying to do a British accent
since I'm here I thought you know
chocolate gentleman UK's well Cambridge
area Oh are we friend here on on YouTube
as well sis I'm not sure if if you're
the one that I said I comment on one of
your video I said a uni UK Oh Cambridge
is is far it's far from me JB and Lily
how I've cannibal
Saki Shibata yes and leave love letter
under the video of your sister-in-law
leave love letter of my videos as well
among Asus if you haven't waived me it
if hindi new bakkanna hawaika wake away
and then leave love letter so that I
know and I'll get back to you it's best
you know you know it's best to to leave
a love letter under the video so that
they will go back and return the love if
you know what I mean because if I can be
cannot leave mean sandy Bahr
notification alumna unsubscribe to you
and then he be alarm company Moshi
subscribe back like me I'm very new to
this I don't know how to I don't know
how to find my subscribers I can only
find who I subscribe to
so yeah and stay there forever
don't don't go and just you know let's
support each other who else is here
watching this comment down below so yes
what else
come sit on my lap it's I can be be on
confronts it comes on get there tomorrow
blister on down this number this number
belong expired day mmm in three months
in September October November so in
three months this is gonna expire so in
dream Isis can export I've got four
packs of this and I have two packs of
the spicy one so I'm just gonna take it
in mine
video sorry if I keep repeating myself
but this is the next part in in three
months and I have four packs of date
so I don't have to pack two parts of
this they both expired in December so
if you are one of my friend who lives
near me just message me and I will give
you some the icon aqua finish that in
three months I'm gonna finish it I'm to
eat three times a day
pants it captain to finish it off so I
think on Christmas Eve me Christmas I'm
gonna make great ham if I manage to
define ripe mango I'm gonna make graham
crackers for Christmas
expert next year February validate the
Philippine food is so close but in the
UK when you buy something on the Shelf
today they expire like three years four
years and what about this one when is
expiry date June 2019 so about 10 more
months yes that's true sometimes the
people we had waived they forgot for
some reason yeah I mean I myself I don't
forget I'm just too busy so it take it
as long as you leave a love letter under
my video I always make sure to to go
back you know I checked my comments I
don't if I don't get to it today or
tonight I try to do it the next day or
the day after tomorrow because it's I'm
so busy but I try to go back and you
know return return the love because I
wanted to support everyone who supported
me I guess we all knew here we wanted
some support you know so
this one is April 10 to 19 so I'm going
I'm gonna listen to my friends some of
these I just came back home in April 1st
of me I came back so but it's it's nice
to have food it's nice to have food a
taste of food back home very often so
that you don't feel homesick you know is
that true for me it's true I always have
I always cook a double that's the number
one and most of the food that I note I
to cook like bad seed
after that not a frittata and a saddle
what else I said oh oh it's it's a lot I
can't think anymore
but anyway yeah I buy soy sauce Filipino
soy sauce to the body and and vinegar
they're available in in my local
cash-and-carry
it's like it's like 10 10 to 15 minutes
drive so I go there and because I still
have to drive so I buy two minimum two
bottle each so so I don't have to go
back I always use photos for pen tip as
well and for that's this that's a Stefan
noodle for Filipino version and my
husband likes it so I do
Chinese version and I do Filipino
version because and we both like Chinese
and you know like something Lupino food
as well but they're not so complicated
he doesn't like it too much complicated
one so any anyone still here dimple what
Corolla in Tibetan written ABC England
it was a black day
watch the look no dimple
simple alarm on TV Kenny a lot hmong i
PFC abs-cbn
comment in the chat if you're still here
if you're still here
Marie rich hi hi thank you for watching
I just I just finish unboxing Filipino
food I think I need to find I think I
need to find I'm gonna end my video now
and proceed to live so guys thank you
for watching I think next time I'm gonna
we're gonna find online it's not every
time I have friends going back home and
they are willing to you know bring bring
back some food for me so it's best to to
find online shopping and I just go
online and they ship it to me yeah but
it's nice to have all these food and I
don't know how to finish this they
sponsor condone are gonna get expired in
three months and I have six packs like
six packs of eight pieces each and I
don't know how to finish them so the
best thing to do is to give some to my
friend anyway so you know so if you are
if you like this video of guys please
click the like button and I would really
appreciate it and if you're new to my
channel please consider subscribing um
so that and click the button as well so
that you get notified whenever I upload
some videos again thank you for watching
and thank you for being here and I'll
see you on my next video bye
I just finish my
my my my film proceeding to my life now
baba Yaga Jen thank you for watching
Marie rich hi hi hi thank you for being
here news anything tied on the comment
below where are you now
I'm in UK by the way I'm in the UK and
it's 224 p.m. from Vienna here Marie
reott from Vienna
are you Filipino as well most of my
subscribers are Filipinos but I have
some non Filipinos yes oh hello hello in
Dimona a good and says you unboxing
canal Filipino Filipino shopping food
Singapore mandate oh please type in the
comment and wave a blown tire oh let me
check here
oh she's finishing one second no sorry
just wrapped from work no what time is
it there I wish wait
it's 3:30 p.m.
oh it's one hour later one hour you are
1 hour ahead from from me here I have 3
people watching but I don't know god I
can't see them anywhere if they're here
yes
if you're still watching comment down
below so that I can greet you and guys
going away long tired eat oh and let's
make new friend here you know I'm
actually the kids are actually napping
at the moment I thought I'm gonna do I'm
gonna go post office because I'm gonna
post something today but Pharaoh let me
let me talking to gallop I think
everyone's watching is Filipino but
better I thought oh my gun boxing the
moon or while they're sleeping so I just
didn't boxing video and then I'm gonna
edit that and post it upload as well so
when they wake up then I can go post
office just when they when they're awake
I've come to live or I can't even do
videos I probably can it be in the
background but I thought oh let me do
this
Oh God my phone is getting slow slow
slow
yeah I know nice to see you looking like
I know last time I blog it was like I
was gonna do a quick vlog but but I
tried using my phone hello sis hello
this is sherry thank you for being here
thank you for watching
I tried to do a quick vlog on my phone
and I can't see the comment so I thought
oh I need to stop and then I do and oh
my god sorry Komagata girl go home boy
I'm doing English that was a vehicle
that was I opened my laptop and then it
was just dark and yeah so this is my
proper proper life
the lefty no no NASA America commie
after we we went to the beach you want a
bad angle oh oh good
for two days I didn't wake up early
because Peyton my little girl she I put
her to bed at 8 o clock or 8:30 both
Justin and Peyton wait I'm so used to
talking in English when I say I'm gonna
talk in Tagalog I'm still talking in
English
so when I told Oakland on 8:30 see
Peyton and Tristan and see Tristan not
to look now hey Peyton one hour two
hours getting up I own him a to Luke so
the poet telega ho pero Hamoui 8:30 in
at illusion of 9:30 that was 12 o clock
he kissing it for like two hours two
hours I am a tulip so Telugu 802 nine to
three nights great apparel no jet lag at
a salon I see six hours behind comedone
sorry see us so pubblic nandito it was
one
got home on Monday it was what was it
six o'clock ten o'clock in in our house
we got home 10 o'clock
so Bella gompa good tapas I woke up 11
o'clock
twice I think it was choose Wednesday
Thursday Tuesday Wednesday can I call
you mama like what Monday Friday we got
back so Sunday Monday I think I woke up
no no it was just such a short day and I
thought it are gone
well I want to go out they say 11 o
clock now so now we're going back to the
routine tomorrow my my son is going go
into school formerly
well a makhmud eater so you okay this
Sun is out but it's still cold I was
wearing jacket when we went out I hate
this weather Marie really it's is it
cold in there so I'm gone Vienna is it
cold in Vienna Austria isn't yeah no
sheesh Ariana's pity bar
places you need to go yes Molly
McDonough County see you next time thank
you very much thank you sis for watching
scene abundantly the guys um if you want
to share the lives shared alive if if no
one's watching I'm gonna end the video
I have one more or less
please stop in the comment if you're
watching I'm just resuming for a few
minutes and I'm ending live the applause
I mean watching Oh watching can I see
straining thank you thank you for
watching and do not curse I mean okay
no problem thank you for watching the
post now come on eat all 16 and then we
can fight it don't you like them come on
a pickle on expired you the minimum
friend call that lonely four packs of
calamansi and two packs of a little
spicy but I Omega expires December hmm I
think one pack for me is enough until
December 2 packs maximum but I will keep
the extra hot I say I'm gonna go for
extra hot so hot my expired
Cena bottom and a pizza oven we begin
from pancit canton or a paparazzo
maja Mike's barn
Oh ex-partners at this and we're also
need to go to the post office
I'm not sure if I'm allowed to share the
link only ones watching I'm gonna end
the live now in two minutes I'm gonna
envelope if no one's joining me I think
everyone's asleep in the Philippines
what time is it three plus seven ten
o'clock hmm excuse me I'm gonna have a
coffee like this rain is having a coffee
I'm gonna have a coffee and I forgot I'm
gonna go post office well I'm gonna wait
wait to the kids to wake up
UMass in a bike ball
I'm a parent metal to you my other pair
I'm a leg what else you know I have
bought a lot of stuff in the US I was
with I was gonna buy some shoes like
Tory Burch Mk we have them here MK flats
but also if they're cheaper there I'm
gonna buy them there but I didn't get a
chance Tory Burch we don't have them
here the flats that are want and I
didn't get a chance last time we went to
the US last time we went two years 2013
I haven't I haven't got kids back then
so we've went what do you call those two
the fact it's not factory it's where all
those cheap shops like coach Michael
Kors and everything so we went there I
didn't buy anything I think I bought
Nine West my husband bought me Nine West
purse and it I think for two for three
years three four years they were using
it until it just got cracked and I chain
had to change it but I didn't buy
anything I will
you know but now I want to buy something
I didn't get a chance so I just put some
makeup I haven't unpacked
I have put them in one bag but I want to
do some unboxing video and those as well
and I'm gonna do tutorial oh I bought
some some stuff for me I didn't buy any
clothes nothing for me
I just bought some clothes for the kids
and they have lots of persons from their
relatives there as well lots of toys
well few toys and lots of clothes oh
just a lot we didn't we didn't get
overweight I mean the suitcase didn't go
overweight but everything is unpacked
which is good but my what you call this
my makeup are still there
I've got a few persons as well for my
husband's aunt and yeah I'm I'm gonna
upload I actually set in a schedule of
uploading my regular videos on a Monday
and and Friday so I'm gonna cross my
fingers
sir-sir Binoy tradition knock knock on
the wood touch wood now I can do it I
can schedule it because you know being a
mom full-time mum housewife is really
busy especially I are doing part-time
job as well but working at home so I'm
doing all these jobs and I'm doing this
YouTube thing which I'm I'm really
really enjoying because it keeps me busy
you know and I don't like it when I'm
just sitting down doing nothing I don't
know about you guys but when I'm doing
nothing
I feel ill so when I'm busy I thought oh
my god I'm gonna look all day it's like
you know I'm Dodie though it's a
progressive productive day so I'm doing
I'm uploading uploading my regular
videos any drugs any date blogs
I'm not going to do daily looks like
today blog blog tomorrow vlog I'm not
going to do that every time that is
there's an interesting thing that's
happening in the family older vlog so
the other day at the weekend one was
that Thursday I think I cut my hair I'm
not professional hairdresser look it's
not even good but I mean look anything
it's not even straight enough but I cut
into it you know tugged on you cut into
it so I'm not being picky Nina home
assailant because if I saved myself 25
pound minimum that's minimum so if you
go proper Stalin 35 pound they charge
you so I thought I'm gonna cut my hair I
cut my children's hair anyway so I
thought I actually film my children's up
when I cut their fringe that same day
and it didn't play because I left it on
something that is standing on it and it
it played for 10 seconds and then it
stopped I think something that touch it
that thing that touch it made it stop so
if you're watching say something in the
comment please and until I can greet you
so I thought I'm gonna film myself
cutting myself you know cutting my saree
cutting my own hair cuz I really want to
have my hair cut before some are short
up to here but my husband said no so so
men you know so I thought okay before we
go on holiday I wanted it to cut like
this and then I was too busy the
hairdresser was not available so I was
like okay I'm not gonna cut my hair
anymore because it's it's winter when we
come back well a month or two when we
come back and I want to protect my neck
and my my ears so I thought I might as
well just cut my own hair I think I cut
my own hair 2 and 1/2 inches it's still
pretty long or 2 inches
so what else so Monday and Friday my
regular vlog anything like makeup
tutorial reviews my daily vlog anything
and then Wednesday when Monday and
Friday did I say and then I will try
Wednesday every week or once in two
weeks reviews on my little bit on so
simple of course if I run reviews it's
gonna be no no more little reviews but I
will be uploading Monday and Friday of
my videos unless hmm let me see
because if I don't upload anymore are we
today one fried Thursday hmm it's
Thursday today and I just uploaded a
review on one of my bag so maybe Tuesday
and Thursday upload anything toys a week
is fun Jewish day and Thursday okay
Tuesday and Thursday I'm currently
editing our US trip and it's just too
many videos and in one day I can't do
too much videos I think so because I was
just using my phone so what I did one
second so what I did what I did was the
first day when we were flying and the
second and the second the night before
which is our second day I um I think I'm
putting it together and the third day
I'm not sure I'm still on the process of
editing because this to manage the two
minutes there's too much and too many
videos to put together so it's really
three the vlogging is really tricky the
reviews and one filming it's is not as
difficult for me
to edit the are so I have sweetie worse
I'm not sure this is correct but I'll
have to review is please comment down
below so that I can greet you right um
let me just check
I still have two of you guys wait guys
one second I'll come back
okay I can unbox
the boys and I am and they live thank
you so much for watching and tuning in
and yes I'll see you on my next video
bye bye bye bye bye bye Marcy Cecil Emma
Thank you for watching my live video bye
