I was 14 when I met my wife in Ooty
ogwuche in Merrell so this is my first
time going to a school and there are
girls so you know it sounds like well we
know there are girls here you know as I
was looking around not knowing anybody
and then I saw my wife I just thought
she was you know the prettiest girl I've
seen up at that point
[Music]
my name is EJ David I am a professor of
psychology at the University of Alaska
Anchorage
I'm married to a koyukon athabascan
woman from the village of Ruby in the
Yukon River together we have three
Filipino Athabascan children
[Music]
my wife and I have known each other
since we were 14 and 13 almost all our
lives we've been together so I just had
a crush on her ask her if I could walk
her home you know after school and one
day she said yes that's when we started
getting to know each other so when we're
about 16 I started learning more about
her at the Baskin side and how she's you
know proud so proud to be at the Baskin
and how connected us you know to that
part of herself here's someone who I
admire as it was amazing you know and
she is also proud of her roots and over
her heritage and then Here I am who
cannot pass as white trying so hard to
get rid of this you know of my
Philippine honest I was born in the
Philippines growing up here as a 14 year
old immigrant I really just wanted to
fit in I was in eighth grade and I
wanted to be accepted by my peers you
know I remember them and I'm joking
around it kind of like calling people
fobs and you know made me feel quite
inferior really because I was a newly
arrived immigrant I was getting the
message that alright I needed to get rid
of my Filipino nests for me to be
accepted here but during one of my
classmates during my junior year of high
school you know I went to my locker and
I was reading through those messages
because it was game day but then I saw
this one message it said you're Filipino
act like it
[Music]
you know my son is in kindergarten and
so just a few months ago he had his
first picture day ever
at school you know I didn't bring it up
you know it does just what he said I
said I don't know where I'm at all
I don't think I would have been brave
enough to to even think about worrying
about all to school they kind of showed
me some evidence that you know what
we're doing might be working at least
[Music]
these two cut their own hair for the
first time unless when he was three we
were fine no we're trying to teach our
kids to be proud of their roots to see
themselves as you know just as Filipino
and justice at the Baskin as other folks
might not want them to feel like they're
less Filipino then either Filipinos or
that they're less Athabascan they're not
that Alaskans you know I want them to to
be fully proud of that and to be you
know fully engaged and feel like they
fully belong because I really consider
their heritage you know as a source of
strength you know we want them to
benefit from that from both communities
my son but my eleven-year-old every time
I come here he's like if they're gonna
be Libya
mr. Goodman said yeah that's like it
doesn't say hi I just like sit here
kind of well is it okay well McDuck this
is a traditional food for their European
people and you know in the northern
parts of Alaska and what it is is it's
well it's whale blubber I just came from
where EJ grew up who cares what I was
just there yesterday and so I just got
back and mo Margaret his wife I found
out yesterday that she was the Midwife
that helped my sister-in-law throughout
her pregnancy and my nephew was just
born yesterday so we found out by
accident that she was the one and so I
wanted to bring what took with their
family just to say thank you for taking
care of my family always I'm afraid to
talk about that too with kallu and his
school pictures yes yeah you know and
how our children are experiencing a
pride in who we are and where we come
from in a way that we weren't able to
that our parents weren't able to and
that's healing that's happening in real
time in real time I look at my children
and I see hope because I think about
that like how old my children see me
when they look back or are they gonna
see a father who kept fighting and kept
resisting and kept trying to do better
[Music]
I consider Alaska to email home yeah my
kids are both Filipino and Athabascan
and if we want to put numbers to it
we'll say yeah you're 100% Filipino and
you're 100% Athabasca and if people say
well whatever that doesn't make sense
you know guess then that's two hundred
percent you know and then we teach our
cases it doesn't need to make sense
because superpowers don't make sense and
for us you know that's how we're trying
to teach our kids is that their roots
and their superpowers
[Music]
