what is going on guys welcome back to
channel man you guys know it is man it's
your boy careful man okay so I've got
one another one who's found a better man
too good at goodbyes Matt this is USA
the Philippines Canada UK and Indonesia
Matt so let's find out you guys come in
the comments whose song it better Matt
okay
whose song it better to good at goodbyes
man let's get us let's go every time you
did I cry and every time you leave me
the quickest easier every time you I
love you baby little standard dances sad
but it's true weren't too good a goodbye
every time you heard me the least and I
cry and every time you leave me to
quickly steal to try and every time you
cut the lace I love you maybe we don't
stand a chance if that be true
I'm with a good at goodbyes
right okay sweet I believe me the
quickness teams drive and every time you
are called unless they love you maybe we
don't stand a chance
it's sad but it's true I'm Way too good
at goodbyes I'm too good at goodbyes
oh this every time you hurt me the less
the I cry and every time you leave me
the quicker this year's child in every
time you work out the less I love you
baby we don't stand a chance it's a
buddy it's true
I'm Way too good goodbye
maybe we don't stand a chance it's sad
but it's true I'm Way too good at
goodbyes
all right man after listening that
without a doubt I am not even play man I
am so dead serious man so serious that
Filipino singer man that by far was the
best and I'm not just saying that
because I I'm being honest I'm being
dead honest - like that did ask that
Filipino singer was the best one I've
thought of all of them man honestly -
honestly the film I think was a Filipino
singer then he was the American singer
then the Canadian singer that's how I go
the top three that's my top three let me
know in the comments what your top three
was Matt let me know what you guys
honestly think in the comments down
below who you guys thought cuz I
definitely think Filipina singer
actually killed it man okay
totally killed it Matt but anyways if
guys mean all the end of the video you
guys like the video man get the video
thumbs up ball game man thumbs up this
video like just tums the video share the
video man killer video you guys
absolutely love the video absolute when
I say love this video make guys know the
video you guys know what to do man hit
that subscribe button turn that post
notification bells on cuz like I said
man I tell of you guys all the time
YouTube has it's a messed up thing man I
don't know why they do this man you
gotta hit the subscribe button and you
got hit that notification well man they
do so much shit oh so much stuff man
that's make it harder for us and you I
don't know why anyways I'm out
