the blood egg is a traditional Filipino
food which is poached fertilized duck
embryo it's known for being a hangover
cure the egg contains cysteine a
substance that breaks down hangover
toxins in the liver the lid was probably
chosen as one of the world's three most
disgusting egg dishes by a dirty central
along with century eggs from China which
are prepared by preserving eggs for
several weeks in a mature clay ash salt
line and rice also virgin X which is
also from China is made by soaking eggs
in the urine of young boys that's worse
I guess China is one of those foodie
countries and making delicious foods in
bizarre waves Japanese be pretty nasty
stuff too like natto which is basically
rotten beans Sadako which is Fishburn
and they even eat baby be my Japanese
girlfriend my co eats all this but let's
see how she handles blood this is going
to be my good first time to try but look
I think this egg is 17 days old people
actually eat it a lot older so this is
very young so you won't have like the
hair and stuff which sometimes it has
felicity how might have handled it
Michael come over here alright this is
your first below what I look like
the brave dinosaurs day-lewis so tell me
how they go
[Music]
laughs I can see his baby looks like an
egg when we go TV no that's yours
yes no you gotta eat it I think this is
a head so that one is there too when
yours is yours
could you seven o'clock Airport Oh
Michael look that's like this that is an
interesting picture I'm seriously
Oh mine is word you're gonna be
surprising news now I think I can't do
it from this side but maybe from this I
[Music]
think as long as I look at the backside
[Music]
I scrambled eggs it's not that bad
oh you don't need this part you need
getting to song little cricket or it's
hard on a racer yeah tell you this
market
Oh what me Thomas
[Music]
can you eat the head it is hair how much
I think I'm done
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
recommended let's go you some regular
chicken out
[Music]
