hi guys so today is Monday and I just
dropped the kids off at school and
because I forgot some stuff to get at
the groceries I decided to stop by we
usually do our grocery shopping as a
family on weekends but oh well I forgot
some stuff anyway I just want to show
you where our local grocery store is so
come join me
so this is LIDL it's a german-based
discount store but they do have a lot of
branches all over Europe I think also in
the UK they sell a lot of B products
but sometimes they also sell A products
which we like especially when we go to
Frankfurt at Aboy's there is a LIDL
near there area and we love getting
coca-cola and all those other A brands
at a cheap price so it's really nice it
pretty much has a lot of fruits veggies
and also some dry goods and because I
forgot some
things from our list last weekend I'm here to grab
some more
oranges we need a lot of oranges vitamin
C especially because it is the season to
get stuffy nose and a little bit of cold
oranges and lemons are always nice to
have at home and I'm gonna continue on
this place is a relatively small
compared to other grocery stores here in
Amsterdam but we love it because it's
very close and yeah it's pretty much
like walking distance I want to show you
this grenadine syrup we really love this
the kids especially what we do is we
just use that as our drinks every now
and then we just put them in water
sometimes we add a little bit of lemon
in it and yeah it's good in lieu of
water especially with Liam he
doesn't really like water as much so
hopefully
he'll drink much more water later on
cheese that's also another thing the
Dutch love cheese so they have a lot to
choose from I usually like camembert
with honey on it
I eat it with bread or like crisps it's
all good
speaking of crisps
those are just chips
bread the Dutch loves their bread I mean
it's like either potatoes or bread
they're not rice eaters and like you
know a lot of Asians and Pinoys liam and
jasper they do like rice every now and
then but they love their breads it's
like breakfast lunch dinner
well actually dinner you usually have
warmer food here with either pasta or
potatoes or rice but Liam loves this
it's cheese bread it's actually just
with melted cheese on top and it's
really delicious
but there are a lot to choose from and
yeah you can like never get enough
really of these different kinds of
breads and pastries so it's all
delicious
so we're done with the groceries that
was it and until next time bye bye
