maganda Hamada camasta kayo what is
going on guys you guys know this man is
careful man so the TNT boys yep they
dropped a new song man new song old song
new song I think new song cuz guys come
check it out man
but anyways man I heard that Christmas
officially began over there in the
Philippines on September the 1st man I
am honestly a little bit jealous you
know cuz you guys got at least four good
months of Christmas man four months of
Christmas and yeah I'm a little jealous
just a little bit cuz we even get like
one month of Christmas over here one day
but anyways man try to check this video
out check it out and see what I think
about it if the boys can kill it because
you guys know the boys that are getting
older man they're getting more mature
hit the puberty most of them man
so let's see if their voices are
changing or they can still hold that
amazing tone that they have okay anyways
let's get to the video man let's go TMT
versions
yeah Christmastime
and the school
et but didi Wong people
number one a school
fuck
Wow
inside me more money
yes boys whoo
well keeper still got the whistle man
Wow Wow
D&T versions yes okay clearly ma'am we
all know we all know without a doubt the
boys still keep carry that melody that
told Matt the boy still got it and
keeper man
Keefer surprised me well not really
surprised me I was hope I thought he
could still keep that whistle man you
guys gotta admit ether still keeps that
whistle man even though he's getting
older a lot of people say when you get
mature you know when there's a kid it's
easy to keep that high especially for
men
he just keep that high whistle when
you're younger but as you get older you
kind of lose it so but keepers doing a
damn good job man keep doing this thing
cuz you guys remember like way back when
I said Mackey was kind of you know
getting older and he was was it he was
changed boy so changing but his voice
changed for the good man each voice
changed for good and everyone loves his
tone man and you know the boys kill it I
didn't understand a word was going on in
the song like because you know wasn't in
kigali and it sounded beautiful stuff
it sounded something pleasant to the
ears man it was honestly Pleasant the
ears and the boys killed it anyways man
let me know what you guys think about
this one if you guys haven't watched it
man or if you guys know it's the first
thing you guys watched let me know in
the comments down below
um if you guys made all the end of the
video you guys know what to do man give
the video a thumbs up you guys
absolutely love the video if you guys
left of it just that subscribe button
over there man like you made all at the
end you might hit that subscribe button
anyways okay and turn that post
notification bells on and we'll catch
you guys in the next one all right
do it just do it don't
