what are your first impressions of the
Philippines
umm
I had a bad  relationship
that's not the best maybe to travel at
night many girls oh fantastic I'm really
really glad that I chose Philippines
hello and welcome to living abroad in
the last video I told you guys exactly
why I love the Philippines and why I
came back in this video we're gonna go
out there talk to some strangers some
foreigners
Channel hit the Subscribe button and
I've never asked you guys to do this but
do me a favor share this video I want to
see if you could beat the YouTube
algorithm and stick around to the end of
this video I'm going to tell you guys my
first impressions when I first arrived
in the Philippines years ago now let's
get out there talk to some people
 hi what's your name
hi my name is Anna Anna and yours I'm
Meghan hi I'm Pauline and where are you
girls from well I'm from Finland okay
I'm from Canada hey and I'm from Germany
how did you girls uh meet up with some
all around the world yeah so we're
actually exchange students in Thailand
so we all go to the same program in
Bangkok oh very nice I love Bangkok I
live near unna for like months there so
yeah very cool so what brings you guys
down here to the Philippines so we've
been traveling since January and on our
one of our last stops is Philippines and
yeah we came for two weeks excellent so
enjoy our holidays and that's great and
how long have you been here so far I
think it's been a week now and we have
one more week left one more week and
what are your first impressions of the
Philippines oh it was a little bit like
paradise when you come to the beach
awesome and what about yourself what do
you think of the Philippines when you
first got here
um it's different but also the same at
the same time to Thailand so it was a
little bit familiar which was really
nice yeah
um but yeah no so far it's really great
everyone's so friendly it's incredible
so and every city we go to is slightly
different as well so everyone speaks
such a good English yeah right that's
one of the big bonus especially compared
to Thailand so okay and what about
yourself do you have any different First
Impressions about the Philippines oh
they are very much aligned with my
friends here especially I love El Nido
we did a scuba diving license the under
under water world of Philippines also
amazing yeah
the food is great the people are great I
don't know what this year is not to like
a lot of great things whether they're
not so like exactly so are there some
things that maybe could be improved or
better something that you don't like
maybe
we haven't really tried using public
transport okay at all we've also just
been using grab to get around and we
have been told that it's not the best
maybe to travel at night especially as
women yeah
um
is not the safest it that way so tell me
a little bit about that being woman
yourself are you girls single in
relationships are you meeting anybody
while you're traveling any
against me any Filipino locals like talk
to them I would say no yeah but actually
in Bangkok I live with Filipino girls so
we had a lot of tips from her and we
might be meeting her family in few days
oh so yeah we had a little bit of inside
information but it's all from Thailand
that's exciting well thank you girls so
much for your time I appreciate it thank
you thank you bye see you guys
wow what a group of nice wonderful
lovely girls actually it's funny because
the girl from Canada actually lives from
the same town as me not only the same
like uh Province the same city but
literally the same time uh same town
same town what a small world right so
very cool bunch of girls here enjoying
the Philippines and as you can see it's
not just me the things all the things
I've said everybody here pretty much
loves it and it's really hard for people
to figure out what is there not to like
about the Philippines so yeah guys leave
your comments down below let me know
what you think of those girls
specifically I love to know now let's go
out there talk to some more people and
get their first impressions of the
Philippines let's go hi what's your name
I'm Darko uh what's your name I am Rita
uh where are you guys from so we live in
London but originally I'm from Serbia
okay and I'm from Portugal very nice I
just know Doge Ramos
all right and Portugal is beautiful I've
been there a couple times it's a very
nice country and how long have you been
here in the Philippines uh we actually
just arrived yesterday oh that's perfect
what are your first impressions of the
Philippines uh I mean this is not the
first time for me so I've been 2018
um and it was amazing I mean it's like
my impression is it's amazing yeah
that's great and what about yours what
are your first impressions of the
Philippines that is Darko I've been here
before 2017 and being fresh and like I I
love it people are friendly the word is
amazing the food is delicious okay
that's great I come back myself as well
this is my third time so what is it that
makes everybody keep coming back to the
Philippines tell me what you're doing
here why do you love this place I mean
first of all weather like sea
nature
waterfalls whale sharks nature
everything literally food Filipinos
they're amazing
guy hey they are amazing awesome see
okay and tell me how long will you stay
this time
uh we're saying 12 days do you have any
specific plans of going somewhere yes so
so tomorrow we're going to Oslo so we're
doing whale sharks then some waterfalls
um then we're going to mall wall yes
okay doing all the fun things yeah
that's great
happy birthday if we don't see you by
then is there something you maybe
dislike about the Philippines something
that could be better because nowhere is
perfect right so does anything come to
mind
um I mean maybe like traffic in Cebu
City a little infrastructure but yeah
besides that it's it's I don't know it's
great yeah yeah because there's nothing
like I could say
yeah that's great thank you guys for
your time I appreciate it thank you
thank you hi what's your name Adrian uh
where are you from I'm from Thailand
you're from Thailand yes okay so you're
a native Thai citizen no I am a native
Australian citizen but I worked in
Thailand for 13 years with the police oh
my goodness
that's all I know I won't bring you down
here to the Philippines I had a bad
experience in relationship in Thailand
and I just got fed up so I decided over
the last few months to
look at coming here to live okay and uh
other various things but I have I have a
friend here and uh he's
we rented an apartment so
um he is from the UK and he has a Thai
it has a Filipino girlfriend and how
long have you been here so far
five six days oh not bad so what are
your first impressions of the
Philippines I like it very much I if I'm
comparing I've heard a lot of people say
that on blogs that Thai food is better
than than the Philippines uh I think
that's wrong
okay and might be where they're where
they're eating uh it's reading in say
Patty art you have a lot of choices
but I found so far up here and uh around
that the food is much more diverse now
in your short stay here what are some
things you dislike something that could
be better
well it's always we there's no Utopia
there is a place in the Himalayas that
they say is Utopia yeah okay
um and tell me how long do you plan to
stay or is this somewhere you like to
retire
I've come to stay I've come this day
I don't believe in going back and I've
come to stay here
and now you told me about your
experience with uh Thai woman have you
had a chance to meet any Filipino woman
yet not yet not really uh I have some
friend a friend looking for me
and thank you so much I appreciate it
thank you
hey my name is
Ron I'm from uh I'm from the UK okay
support any football clubs
my football club is yeah Liverpool I'm a
big fan of Liverpool yeah look a little
bit like Harry Kane you know hurricane
yeah I'll take that as a compliment yeah
I think so what brings you down here to
the Philippines I'm here on a working
holiday digital Nomad how long have you
been here
I've literally got here a week ago so
I'm pretty new nice and what are your
first impressions of the Philippines
the first impressions um
It's a Wonderful country with great
people
yeah
great great nature great great scenery
great beaches yeah and I'm really really
glad that I chose Philippines are you
single are you taking what's your
relationship status my relationship
status is single okay tell me a little
bit about that have you had a chance to
meet any Filipino women so far
yeah I'm actually uh on a date right now
is she late uh but yeah I'm not gonna
show you her but yeah yeah no worries
how long do you plan to stay here
I'm gonna be here a couple of months
yeah I'm just kind of testing it out
thank you so much for your time man I
appreciate it all right you're welcome
cheers thank you hi what's your name my
name is Deanna Havas Christian I'm Yancy
my name is Yancy yes from from hungari
Hungarian I'm Hungary okay I don't know
anything about Hungary you know how long
have you been in the Philippines
two weeks in Manila and three weeks in
Angel City Angeles yeah very nice many
girls two fantastic is that is that why
you came here why did you come to the
Philippines for the woman
oh no no no no I one and a half year
travel in Asia six country now
and and maybe maybe I know go home
yeah I don't go home in three years so
oh I'm traveling abroad
were your first impressions of the
Philippines what did you think when you
first came here
not want to think maybe a little bit
more uh sorry a little bit speak English
uh more cute with me very good person
good good heart everywhere is good
Cambodia or Vietnam or or Bali
everywhere is good but maybe here more
more uh
yeah with me yeah and food very good
yeah and you know of course the price is
maybe it's cheaper here it means good
because you know Hungary is not not a
rich country yeah we are we are not not
rich we are east Europe is not rich so I
am not big money let's see so so maybe
maybe now looking Cebu and this area and
maybe try live here okay man thank you
so much for your time I appreciate it me
too I'm very happy we are talking
awesome thank you ciao bye hi what's
your name my name is Dan uh where are
you from I'm from South Carolina in the
United States well British all the way
down here to the Philippines
to be honest with you the women okay and
tell me a little bit about that have you
dated any Filipino women
I've been in conversations with some but
I haven't officially dated any I've been
here a little over 30 days so plus also
I want to take my time I don't want to
rush into anything a lot of people say
that if you're rush into a relationship
them are the most likely to fail so
smart man I agree definitely and tell me
what do you like so far about the
Philippines aside from the woman
I like the weather yeah
it's cheaper than the United States
yeah people are more friendly in the
Philippines than the United States I
noticed that since I've come here I
haven't had anyone give me the bird yeah
or no Road Rage or a lot of sarcasm and
anger in the United States that you
don't have that here
um I guess the Filipino culture is like
the opposite they're very uh
they're against that kind of behavior
they're very mild Manner and soft-spoken
even if you yell at a computer they'll
get upset about that yeah okay well said
so those are some things you like are
there any things that you dislike
something that could be better
well before I came to the Philippines I
was at Thailand so I actually like the
food Thailand
and um I felt the infrastructure was
better in time
but um besides that
and that's being nitpicky you know yeah
something right yeah yeah I had to pick
something yeah yeah and maybe the uh but
see I haven't been to the hospitals but
from what I hear is baby the uh the
level of uh hospital care would be
better
um outside the Philippines well I hope
you don't have to experience that
anytime soon so have you actually dated
any Filipinos yet what's the difference
between dating American women and
Filipino women
in the United States a lot more choosier
in the Philippines um it's pretty easy
today especially when you get on your
provinces and stuff like that
um the more apt to want to date to marry
okay would you say Filipinos are much
more approachable than American women
easily
they don't make you feel so disgusted if
they even like you they gently put you
down right they don't even put you down
they just smile and keep walking or a
lot of times even if they're not
interested in you they'll at least take
your number or they'll tell you they'll
call you but
they just won't but they won't get mad
at you or run and get the mall security
or anything like that they're very
easily approachable we're the best place
to meet some of these women
believe it or not the dating cultures
here the United States I think in the
United States more people go to bars and
um
they go to
the internet I think in the Philippines
you're going to find internet dating a
lot more scammers on the internet
nowadays so my advice would be go to
your malls boots on the ground walking
around because like we were talking
about previously since they're so
approachable that's what makes it a
better Avenue to meet women some scent
was the coffee shop the grocery store
uh why not a jeepney riding on a bus
walking down the street say hello see
what type of response you get back chat
him up a little bit exchange a number
and then sometimes they call you and
sometimes they don't go from there great
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it you're welcome there you
have it some people's first impressions
of the Philippines I would love to know
your thoughts leave your comments down
below if you take your time to write it
I take the time to respond let me know
whose answers surprise you who you like
the best anything you want to share now
for me when I first came here was about
2019 I believe I came with my friend and
some of the first things I saw my first
impressions were number one it was
extremely hot I couldn't believe how hot
it was it's obvious now but at the time
I was like walking into an oven and the
second thing I really liked was or the
first thing I noticed were the little
things called barangays little
neighborhoods right a lot of kids
playing outside I was surprised to see
how many kids were actually playing
Outdoors which was really really a big
contrast from Canada kids playing
basketball and just joking around
playing around it was nice to see and
one more thing was um most people were
kind of short so I felt like I belong
here just like me it's just I felt at
home anyways you guys so yeah this was
today's video uh left me your thoughts
leave them down below and if you enjoyed
this video you want to see more content
like this subscribe to the channel if
you're new like this video do whatever
you got to do to help me continue
growing this channel I'll see you guys
the next one bye
I just know they had a good football
team long time ago oh it is very long
time now hungari no good football but
long time yes yes push cash is very
famous very famous for sure
