I'm back with another reaction and
today's video we'll be reacting to
Manila versus Jakarta so stay tuned
we're going to get into that video in
just a couple of minutes for those of
you who are new I upload videos daily so
if you could take a couple of moments to
subscribe to the channel and turn
notification on so that way you're
notified when new videos uploaded stay
tuned guys we'll be right back
[Music]
thanks guys for coming back let's get
into the video
[Music]
so Manila is the capital city of
Philippines and I guess since they also
have a tropical climate that there's a
lot of greenery and that building was
pretty neat it looked like an eye and in
the center they actually put a screen so
really really cool let's continue the
video
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
but two Arenas right beside each other
so very cool and like I said there's
lots of greenery so that helps because
there's lots of fresh air
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
just looks like any Western Country
looks like even you can think of it like
downtown Vancouver there's trees nice
building clean roads
foreign
[Music]
system we call it here in Vancouver
SkyTrain out in the East they call it
Subway but I think it's similar idea
it's a it's a train that runs on a
platform and transports people
[Music]
foreign
looks really nice at night time like it
was lots of flights looked beautiful you
know different areas so it's going to be
interesting we gotta look at your cart
and see out of these two who's going to
be the winner by the end of the video
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
trees are just beautiful you know it's
nice because it gives us the the city
some contrast right like you see the
rose is concrete it's bland then you see
the building is white and then you see
the grass it's a little bit of yellowish
green and then darker green with a tree
so it's really nice when you look at it
from far away
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
is pretty big I think it's five Lane one
way and five Lane the other looks like
three main are being used for just
regular traffic one maybe motorcycles
and seem like another one close to the
sensor was probably for buses
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
also it looks really clean here as well
you know we see fresh the roads are nice
and neat and the grass and the trees are
trimmed properly so it looks really
really nice and beautiful
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
a little bit and the cool thing with the
seating area is painted same color as
the Indonesian flag white and red
and now we're getting to night time so
my favorite time let's watch
[Music]
so Jakarta also has a train system and I
have to give it to Jakarta actually the
trains look newer than the ones in
Manila
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
that was good another enjoyable video I
liked both Manila as well as Jakarta if
I had to choose one it was pretty slim
they're pretty close but I think I would
have to give it to Jakarta just because
you know like I said the train looked
newer the skyline at night time it looks
much better there's more buildings lots
of flights so I want to hear what do you
guys think if you had to pick would it
be Jakarta or Manila put in the comment
section below thank you very much guys
for all your love and support and for
suggesting this video if you'd like me
to react to another video please put in
the comment section below as always I
hope you guys have yourself a wonderful
day take care yourself and your family
and inshallah I'll see you in the next
video take care
