[Music]
good afternoon malanga so today we are
going to a town and I'm already ready
and as usual this is the jacket that I
am wearing and I wear my leggings and
boots and underneath I got a jumper long
sleeve jumper with double layer effect
prom and a BA next so in the kunafa but
in young jacket kaupapa kita on
alongside me later young so cool I say
we are rushing and the baby's up the
time here is oh it's still morning it's
5 to 12 so it's still morning so I
apologize for that I am home ala palanga
I did not evil to blog or I did not log
because that BC and John has a phone
call that his friend is here so we have
to rush to go back home and right now
John is watching TV and I've been grumpy
and so let's go to him the wood burner
is on let's eat some Clementine marble
Unga because I'm hungry I'm starving
and it was midnight honeys in it the
time change
yeah toe claw so the time here in UK
already change into forward I don't know
I don't understand you need to explain
them I don't understand your time here
because last week of October is where
the world's clock is from the line of
the time okay
we Howard in the summer we move the
clocks forwards one hour right British
summer time so he keeps long it is yeah
in the winter you go to what to
Greenwich Mean Time we've got to go back
one hour which gives it like to mention
lighter in the morning with dapper in
the evening and the reason he was done
was for school children going to school
school it down that's the reason it's
sour about I love it
so anyway when we went to town today I
bought a diary 2019 diary and this time
my diary is scholar read or should I say
it's burgundy color I love love read
because my 2018 diary is blue and I am
so pleased to tell you my palanga and I
am so happy for this because since I
started working my hours my chef is not
been permanent it just keep changing and
I don't have a permanent hours they just
keep changing so now my manager say is
that I have a permanent hours and a
permanent
hopefully so we have this Ruta we have
week 1 and week 2 so to make it clearer
like for example in January like January
first week of January is week 1 second
week of January is week 2 and so on so
my permanent
Ruta now is I am working Wednesday 14
hours Thursday 8 hours Friday 14 hours
and Saturday and Sunday I am working for
2 hours only and my week to Monday I am
working 14 hours and Tuesday I am
working 7 hours and where it is Thursday
I am working 8 hours and Friday I am
working 14 hours I am so happy with this
because my hours I got a long hours now
because before I really started at my
job just doing two hours and sometimes
it's a pain but you know because I have
no experience I just take it and I am so
happy that my manager trusted me and
give me so much experience I am so
thankful with my employer they are so
good to me and you and that's the update
of my personal lives right now and to
those people who say is that I've been
messaging you on socials I am very very
sorry I cannot reply every single one of
you because I'm just so busy and I'm so
so so thankful to all of you for your
support and love and thank you that's
all I can say thank you and I can't
thank you enough for being here with me
all these years all this time Selam
aleykum alarming maraming salamat hi ma
palanga so right now I am reading
comments
I have noticed that there are people who
doesn't understand or doesn't know the
rules or the system in UK mostly video
or some vlogs code that it involves my
Yuuki visa application process and I
have read a comments here that we said
oh I thought you are married you should
be a permanent residence already or you
should be automatically British national
I am afraid that it's not how it works
here in the UK they have a different
rules and I know that every country has
its different rules and I am NOT a
professional or I don't know what the
rules of every country so little say UK
is a bit complicated and it's not that
easy it's not complicated if you got all
the requirements and if you obey their
rules so it will be easy but sobbing
Annie noon that part number permanent
residents are coma
British national no Hindi I
arrived here in UK a spousal visa and
that spouse visa is valid for two and a
half years and now I am trying to apply
my second visa which is the further
leave the remain and that visa hopefully
it will be approved it will be valid for
two 1/2 years again and after that I can
apply for my indefinite leave to remain
and citizenship so I can apply for my
citizenship here if I am five years here
living in UK so it doesn't mean that I
am married a British national I can be a
permanent residence or I can be
automatically British national know
Hindi for so so I hope it makes things
clearer and Yan samantha or na trying to
apply a visa good luck sir Anu
I know it will be all fine so good luck
so I own moon of alpha Lanka that's it
for me today and I will see you soon in
my next video please subscribe like and
share so bye mama
see Jenna know know what them for
another one why Hina palanga so this
video is an insert video because if you
have watched my vlog until the end you
probably noticed that sometimes I put
random videos in the end of my vlog so
this time I have decided that I will
either put a random videos or I will
answer a random questions so I will
answer two random questions so the first
question is how's your relationship with
your mother-in-law so I have answered
this question already in my previous
vlog but some of you still not aware the
relationship with my mother-in-law we
are okay and I could see that the more
time I spend with her the more time I
get to know her she is more like
comfortable with me and I could see that
she is like build building her trust
with me so that's the answer and the
second question is a bit out of a blue
questions I I was reading a comments
yesterday and these questions were asked
so the second question is where is gems
excess the first ex-wife I know that
she's still here in yo gauge she's still
alive and the second ex-wife I she's
still alive as well and he went to
Australia so I hope I answer your
question
[Music]
[Music]
