Greg oh he's awake hey everybody how you
doing my main problem is
in this video I'm going to give you an
update hopefully a final positive update
on Greg the UK man homeless man here in
the Philippines Cebu City you guys our
community came together raised some
funds for him and hopefully we have a
solution a positive one I'm gonna go see
him I got him a rucksack my rucksack
here as well so you can put all this
stuff in here in the last video I said
you're going to be working there that
was incorrect I should have chosen my
words better he's gonna volunteer for an
exchange for some uh shelter over his
head and they talked on the phone so
there's not going to be extensive work
or hard work or labor or any kind of
paid job it's just going to be
volunteering around the guy's home in
exchange for shelter so let me clear
that up and lastly his Visa is up to
date whoever's wondering his tourist
visa is up today no problems there and
he will not be working or earning money
so that's not an issue either so we're
not giving the rucksacks he has all of
his stuff in here and I'm gonna give him
all the money that you guys doing today
thank you guys so much I'm so proud of
our community for coming together for
the GoFundMe and you guys have been
absolutely fantastic he's got so many
offers for shelter for food so we're
gonna go ahead and give all that to Greg
and I'm going to show you guys uh how
this journey ends basically so let's go
and see if Greg's actually there today
so I just got here I was a little bit
worried because I thought he wasn't
going to be there I didn't see him but I
think he's sleeping so let's go wake him
up give him the good news
Greg
Greg
is that him
yeah it's him Greg wake up man
oh he's awake hey buddy how you doing
I'm back oh you got a cold okay oh let's
wake you up when you get a chance I got
some good news for you
take your time yeah no worries you got a
chair now yeah I've got you some gifts
Christmas came early you can Coke and
some water and I got you this rucksack
here so brilliant oh your stuff in here
okay I thought I saw you
turned up here
he put me in a hotel here one for the
four nights wow
pick it up Monday
um so you can't get the barangay
clearance until Monday
why is that because they're refurbishing
everything all the offices they haven't
been painted and God knows what I've
given them all the details for taking
pictures and everything but it'll be the
[ __ ] Baron guy claims with the issue
stamp on it so I can travel on it okay
what if we get you a ticket before that
well I guess you might need that in the
future right to get around and whatnot
right because I could probably get you a
travel before I've got the clearance I
need the clearance for them to let me go
on the boat yeah but if I get you a boat
ticket without the clearance I'm sure I
can use a different name or something
because I just got off two ferries I
don't really look at them no they don't
oh yeah no we don't need to wait I don't
do anything oh you know I don't want to
do anything that's going to get me in
trouble that's the only thing you're
right so we'll do things officially I
just want to get off here off the
streets as fast as possible
uh you know how to turn that was stolen
I was cooking eggs and selling them
stolen
I went to the internet cafe because I
haven't heard from you
so I wanted a chance that's an email
address yeah and I put a red back here
and I put it down beside me and I'm on
the internet
which had all the cigarettes in it you
know about a thousand pesos worth of
cigarettes
and I was selling more right 60 70 a day
would keep me going buying food I've got
no money now I've got nothing I've been
able to make anything since since that
was stolen because I haven't generated
any income I've seen Shaggy
he said to me he was gonna help me out
and get me set up and blah blah but I
don't know whether he
whether he's got that sort of money or
no whether he
could do that
but my main problem at the moment is
just survival you know yeah
um but you know I want to go and meet
Dan and
yeah I want to you know get should get
sold okay so then it's gonna be uh just
till Monday then that's the only one you
can pick it up Monday yeah pick it up
Monday so we can I'll figure out how to
get you there
um already waving nice and excited
oh what's going on Greg
removing house I'm glad to see you I'm
glad to see you too how you doing were
you able to get your barangay clearance
I've got to pick it up on Wednesday
tomorrow okay because that's so
decorating and I went and sat there for
two hours yesterday okay so I went there
but they're still decorating it's all
it's all sheets and flipping painters
are you saying even tomorrow I might not
be ready then
hey thank you you're a good man thank
you so much
okay what how about this I'm Gonna Give
You Greg's contact so I'm gonna give you
sorry Dan's contact yeah uh his email
and his phone number yeah I've got your
used phone yeah so we got you come on
yeah so I got your phone I got your sim
card it's my personal Sim because we I
need to register the Sim right but I'm
gonna give it to you so as of December
or September 25th anything that happens
with the phone is your responsibility so
I feel like using some weird websites or
I don't know no no no I'm just saying
they're registering it I'm not doing so
it's my passport that's on the Sim no
I'm not gonna do anything though I'll
give you that as well so use it for
Facebook email listen and our
communication right to be in touch with
Dan realistically
I don't want to turn up all these
clothes have been in these bags six to
nine months
from the laundry I won't have everything
clean yeah put in the rucksack we're not
sure enough I don't look like that yeah
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna give
you all the money that was raised
through the GoFundMe and my PayPal I'm
gonna show you the totals and the number
of people that donated I'm gonna hand
over that money to you when you're ready
when you're you got your barangay
clearance when you are washing clothes
all that stuff you can contact then you
take the bus from here to Dumaguete
right I won't survive right yeah sure so
basically you have the resources the
funds and uh everything that you need to
get there because uh you don't need me
to hold your hand through this whole
thing um no no I found my way around the
world I'm a traveler you go to many
places and now you're gonna have uh the
resources that you need also if somehow
somehow it doesn't work you have enough
money to have like rent for a year
basically right so yeah
okay so I'm gonna give you that right
now and uh so that people can see
exactly where they're now I've got a
little bag for you don't worry oh you
got one as well so at least oh yes okay
maybe you don't need mine but Palm was
sweet enough oh I'll give you this and
everything uh everything's in there
um we counted that off camera and I
don't want to see other people because
uh you know you've been robbed a couple
times right yeah no this will be safe
yeah and also I don't want it it's not a
total on camera because like you
mentioned three times now in a week even
yeah yeah I don't want people to know
how much you got they know where you
live at now because people visited you
right now so um it's probably safe not
to mention
um so you've got the money you saw the
total number of funds and the PayPal as
well right yes okay thank you is there
anything you want to say to the people
that went and donated I I'm just
absolutely overwhelmed with the the
generosity of all the people the amount
of views that I had
um and this is gonna change my life back
to normal I can get back to normal get
help my health back
hopefully this all works out in Negros
that man is very generously off the new
job accommodation and I'm going to meet
him hopefully this week Thursday Friday
uh depends how long it takes to get
there I don't know that yet but I'll
find my way and I will then set up a
post and let everyone know that their
money is not being wasted I'm not an
alcoholic I'm not a drug addict I just
want to get myself set sort of that's
the end of it awesome thank you so much
Greg and this was a wonderful I just
want to thank Alex so much for what he's
done for me and all the time you've
spent doing this and communicating with
people because I have no phone no
contact he's even giving me a phone
so that I can I can set up an email
address at last it's not the newest
phone but it'll do the trick I even got
your charger because because the older
phone the battery drains faster than a
newer one so you could charge it
um just fantastic 7-eleven here right
hopefully yeah
but I just can't thank you enough I will
keep in contact yeah and we'll keep I've
got I've got your email in this bag I
have uh also a Dan's phone number and
his email so you can contact him when
you're ready to take off it's just in
the front and find the money so
everything's in here have written
directions as to where to go and let's
write down how to get there just in case
yeah
and that was a final update on Greg so
we got on the money we got him a cell
phone uh a bag to put everything in and
he's gonna be contacting his new uh
landlord and Percy's gonna volunteer for
to get some uh proper shelter get off
the streets I personally want to thank
you guys for everything you've done for
Greg I know a lot of people have been
thanking me but it's really true that
you guys I'm so proud of our community
to come together and help somebody off
the street there's of course going to be
a lot of people talking about his
condition or why he's on the streets and
him making bad decisions and whatever
else might be the case you know I'm not
perfect I know you're not whoever you
are watching this people do make
mistakes and we only learn you know if
somebody's there to tell you to better
plan for your future or to not do
certain things and you might have a
better chance not ending up like Greg
now I know in the first video I said
this could happen to anybody it truly
can so sometimes you think you make a
proper investment or you meet the right
person you don't really know I'm sure if
you knew it was going to be in that
position you were not chosen his
lifestyle or whatever he was doing but
right now I'm happy that that we were
able to come together get them off the
streets get him to his new home I can't
take him all the way this is my third
time seeing Greg and he just doesn't
have it around at clearance he doesn't
have a stuff pack and but we know for
sure but he's going to be off the
streets by having enough money to rent a
place for over a year even if he doesn't
end up going to uh kabankalan or that
area in Dumaguete so that's the update
uh we've got our part as viewers by
donating money for you guys and as
myself coming out here several times uh
he's gonna be going there soon he's got
himself an email a new phone uh contact
information he's got all the resources
he needs to get himself out of that
position so if you guys want to know how
I'm able to travel the world for the
past three years I'm launching a brand
new completely free community where
like-minded people can go ahead and
learn from me how to live abroad how to
work abroad how to like retire abroad
everything that you need to know exactly
on how to do what I've been doing so
join the free community wait list check
out livingabroadclub.com and also I'll
see you guys in the next one hopefully
this channel can grow bigger and bigger
I mean continue doing videos like this
more often and also a little bit
different from my usual content but
hopefully you guys have uh enjoyed this
ride I'll see you in the next one bye
thank you
