it's a little overwhelming very
different from back home you have the
expression smoke like a Turk Philippine
Philippine Mabuhay it's definitely
something that I've never seen
before Cay that's all that matters right
did you experience any culture shock
here before we start the interviews if
you want to know how to travel the world
and do what I've been doing for the past
four years while still saving over
$20,000 a year check out our brand new
community of launch completely free with
tutorials how to save all that money and
travel at Livingabroclub.com the link
in the description down below hi what's
your name hi Lyka where are you from
Philippines Philippine mabuhay yes
how long have you been here in Istanbul
like 4 days four days okay are you here
on vacation yeah just only before travel
with friends and what are your first
impressions of Istanbul what do you like
it's nice the people here is very
accommodating have we tried the Turkish
food yeah what do you think is good
right good Kebab yes of course Shawarma my
yes what's the biggest difference
between the Philippines and turkey so
far nothing really different people here
as very accommodating like that
friendly did you experience any culture
shock coming
here
yeah language I was going to say right
we're lucky the Filipinos speak English
but not so much here in istan turkey and
how long will you stay here tomorrow
we'll go to Cappadocia beautiful there think
you like it by tomorrow
start going Cappadocia then on the 26th M
we're going back to Qatar because we're
living inar oh you live in Qatar how
long have you been there we're working
sorry working when was the last time you
were back in the Philippines last time
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate
it hi what's your name Alexis uh where
are you from uh Brussels Belgium what
brings you here to ISO why are you here
uh I was visiting a friend in uh in
another country nearby and we passed
back here to go to Brussels afterwards
how long have you been here it's my
first full day but we arrived yesterday
we were here until Monday and what are
your first impressions of istambul
turkey well it's not my first time but
uh this time I'm a bit more you know
conscient aware of the historic
significance uh the magnitude of the
city it's very big uh very much history
in it you know uh so we've been here
today seeing a lot of stuff and uh I
really like it you know I really like uh
it's also very you feel it's
International there's a lot of things to
do to see yeah and it feels also still a
bit uh Western even though there is a
mix of lot of cultures and it's also the
gateway to Asia and of course it's a
Muslim country so you see all of that
too but nice what's the biggest
difference between your city andan is
there something that's really different
well I mean where I live is Brussels so
it's a tiny City
lot of uh super small streets Criss
Crossing also Brussels has a lot of
different architecture in One MH uh
whereas Istanbul you really feel uh the
legacy of uh Decades of uh Muslim rule
to say like that and also uh all the
different uh civilizations that have
been here and that were ultimately
conquered to establish you know Muslim
uh how to say civilization if you can
say it like that and so the biggest
thing is just the bigness uh the
hugeness uh and also the lots of
different neighborhoods so I would say
just it's big you know it's very it's a
real Capital it's huge is there a
language bu here I know that many people
don't yeah yeah yeah I mean it's Turkish
Turkish here so they speak I can say a
little words but
uhab CH that's all that matters right
give you one t but exactly but uh other
than that I mean it's Turk Turk so yeah
the language barrier is there but I
think uh if I will go out later tonight
I mean English they will understand or
sign language exactly right anything you
dislike so far something that could be
better maybe or improved uh I should
still see it maybe I will find out uh I
think just it's a little uh chaotic and
hectic at times and and you really feel
sometimes people are quite stressed you
know you have the expression smoke like
a Turk and you really feel uh it here
too and you you seem to understand why
people seem to be stressed and hectic
and uh time and moving fast but I mean
we will see thank you so much for your
time I appreciate hi what's your name
I'm Alesia and yours I'm Noelia and how
do you girls know each other um well
we're best friends since many years and
we're traveling together we on our way
to the states and we are making a stop
in Istanbul and where you girls from um
I'm From Italy mhm I'm Spanish okay so
how do you guys communicate English I
guess English I'm lucky you speak
English not many people speak English
here how long have you been here in
Istanbul uh I'm we're only here for 24
hours kind of very short right and what
were your first impressions of is yeah
it's a mix of
cultures it's like the point where the
Western culture is meeting this um
Eastern Eastern c yeah what about
yourself what are your first impressions
of isan um I don't know when I first
arrived it seemed very European to me um
but then the more I walked around the
more you see the mosques and the people
and you get as I said this mixed feeling
and it's really cool we also took a walk
in the bazaar it's definitely something
that I've never seen before really cool
and yeah it's nice to visit I think I
would come back and spend a bit more
time next time definitely 24 hours not
enough time and so would you say that
was a culture shock to you to see all
the
differences well we've been to Bosnia
before Bosnia is kind of similar kind of
mix of Western and Eastern cultures but
here it's more towards Eastern I would
say yeah okay yeah you try any Turkish
food Turkish coffee anything
uh actually yes we have tried d uh this
Steamers so I guess we'll stop it here
well thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it thank Youk you hi what's
your name I'm Suzanne and yours Lisa how
do you girls know each other uh we're
Partners oh very nice and where are you
guys from uh we're from New Westminster
British Columbia Canada DC all right how
long have you been here in uh Istanbul
just a day just a day okay what were
your first impressions
uh it's a little overwhelming uh uh we
uh went to the bazaar which is huge and
overwhelming but uh the city itself is
so large and there's so much to see and
do how long do you plan to stay here uh
we're just here till this afternoon then
we get back on our boat on your boat so
are you on a cruise or something okay
what else is on the agenda where else
will you be going uh we're going to go
up and wander around look at the uh Blue
Mosque and maybe one more of the markets
and then we'll wander back to the boat
probably a fish sandwich on the way back
oh nice I've had those delicious I I
recommend it and uh what has been a
culture shock for you anything crazy out
here um no I mean the food is incredible
and so getting to try like we just had a
Turkish breakfast uh so getting to try
some of the different foods uh finally
had Turkish coffee in Turkey what do you
think of Turkish coffee I'm curious are
you like it okay I find it a little
grainy but the flavor is really
delicious okay any culture shock for
yourself no none uh I I would say none's
probably the WR word it's just mostly
it's just how many people here so it's
not really a culture thing it's just the
size of the city here is is phenomenal
right and just so many people so million
people is like Mass it is I recently
found that out like half the size of
Canada together right all right well
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it you all hi what's your
name hey my name is Christopher and
where are you from I'm from uh
Switzerland what are you doing here in
Istanbul yes I'm just uh traveling here
for extended weekend it's it's amazing
mhm and um how long will you stay here
yeah I'm
staying about a week in in total okay is
this your first time to Turkey yeah it's
my first time to Turkey and what do you
think so far what do you like the most
yeah I love the fact that it's uh it's
very it's very crowded there's a lot of
things to look at everywhere it's very
mix of everything and it's very it's
it's very fascinating place to you know
you can't be bored in a place like this
definitely any dislikes so far something
that you don't like no honestly I've
been enjoying uh everything I did until
now okay did you experience any culture
shock here something that very different
from your home country I mean it's it's
quite of course different I don't think
it was a shock like I think things work
well I using bus and Med everything go
quite well doesn't seem to be so much
stress maybe it's Sunday as well I guess
everybody's out here okay hey a lot of
people I noticed here in Turkey I wasn't
expecting that yeah totally and what
about the weather how you find the
weather for me it's a little warm
still yeah I mean it's uh just so good
like it's just perfect to be walking
around in the streets and yeah could not
be
betterly great thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thanks hi
what's your name hi a and yours where
are you guys from kazak Kazakhstan how
long have you been here in Istanbul
several hours several hours okay and
what are your first impressions of Islam
but what do you think real
huge a lot of
people yeah they definitely love their
street animals right how long do you
plan to stay until the evening then
we're going to another city and what do
you do back home are you guys students
are you working yeah we're are students
okay we
study was there any culture shock coming
to istan something that's very different
from Kazakhstan
actually not really because Kon it's in
Turkey are not similar but we have lot
like lots in common yeah so I don't know
um just the the history behind like
Empire
yeah impress okay well thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it thank you
hi what's your
name uh where are you from I'm from
Holland how long have you been here in
Istanbul
um about 5 hours 5 hours so you're brand
new what do you like about isul so far
the buildings the MS the colors in the
bazaar yeah and the people are for so
far I know they are very friendly yeah
and it's good stay here the beautiful
weather uh more more I I can't say
anymore because I'm just here definitely
is this your first time to istan yes and
did you experience any culture shock
something very different different from
back home yes it is uh very different
from back home yeah uh anything you
don't like so far in few hours the only
thing I don't like is that when you look
at something they want to pull you in
the in the shop oh I see of course and
the restaurant is is the same it's the
same leave a comments down below let me
know which one of the answers surprise
you anything you want to share if you
take your time to write it I take time
to respond now for me personally there
wasn't too much of a cult to shock to be
honest we I've been traveling so often
and I was here already about a couple
years ago so but when I first came here
I was really impressed with diversity I
don't know if you guys can hear that kid
screaming I was really like shocked by
diversity I wasn't really expecting so
many different types of people to be
here different cultures different
religions and just a variety of
different things you can do and I was
really surprised about the size of Islam
B is massive it's huge so that was a
little bit of shocking to me um leave
your comments down below let me know
what you think and if you want to come
to Turkey experience all these things by
yourself and how to save money while
doing it check out my brand new
community of launch living abroad
club.com a platform where I share all my
tutorials exactly what to do how to
travel abroad live abroad and even work
abroad so check out the link in the
description down below I'll see you guys
in the next one
[Music]
bye
