all right after two hours of waiting
guys we finally got you all of you guys
personally I would never ever wait for
something but Jollibee I'll wait for you
so how many today guys so we pretty much
got everything we got the yum burger we
got the burger steak we got a side of
this is our peach mango pie we got some
french not we don't have french fries
we got mashed potatoes we got palapa
Paulo but we got a jolly spaghetti we
got the original and the spicy with the
free gravy and we got that's it after
two hours guys awaiting we got the
Youngberg or we got jalla B so this is
the yum burger kind of smells like a
Thousand Island sauce on it we got
cheese we got a piece of patty my first
time ever trying this guys what piece of
cheese FL it's okay guys alright that's
quick top my first time ever trying
jolly be here in Canada does it match up
to Viet Nam's jelly be quick top super
pumped for this hmm
the jumper is not bad guys a little
different from all the other burgers
mother's not bad guys kinda has like am
i say a vegetable broth seasoning
buddies very tasty guys hmm how about
whether it's called the pineapple juice
guys sit with us wake up super calm for
it
not bad guys the pineapple juice kind of
just tastes like canned pineapples you
guys ever open can I camp I now prefer
and you drink the juice that's what it
is side of mash guys has a bit of gravy
on it guys buy this quick tap soup
offers that is butter you guys that is
beat on buttery mm-hmm their mash is
top-notch I want to actually try the
gravy or is it the gravy that is buttery
okay gravy and chicken guys except for
this Jollibee gravy but I super pumped
for this yeah that's not bad
that is good gravy all right next
this is I know gotta say this wrong
Paulo book Paulo book so it's pretty
much glass noodles I'm not sure the
sauce toppings is egg I'm not sure what
this brown thing is but it looks good I
think some ground pork here some shrimp
and a piece of egg let me say a great
guy so nobody this always got it nice
super pop for this mmm I can't explain
it
has like a Crabby or seafood topping mmm
it's very nice after you know contains
like dried shrimp dry shrimp sauce I'm
not even sure why kinda stays like dry
shrimp sauce the meat
well Susan I think it's just perfect
guys I'll say it kind of tastes like a
pen set the pen set I had this before by
that pinpoint win
it's delicious guys there's spaghetti so
they're sweet Filipino spaghetti so I
had their spaghetti before but maybe
it's different here in Canada right in
Vietnam tastes delicious here not even
sure guys about it I squid cop y'all be
spaghetti super pump this I want to say
it's sweeter it's sweeter here in Canada
because I think they put more condensed
milk here I don't know definitely
sweeter here in town red nom so much we
still very delicious guys me I like
sweet spaghetti I love Filipino
spaghetti but just gotta cut down on the
sweetness that's for me guys personally
- hot dogs - the hot dogs on these makes
it next the burger steak I shoulda got a
side rice with this but it's okay it's
okay
so buy this with the gravy and mushroom
has got it nice super pump this mm-hmm
it's pretty much the same as the burger
but with gravy and mushroom on it mm-hmm
it's very nice we just need to sign of
rice with this walk in there guys
busy I thought the third day would be
better brothers be on busy did they meet
you for $60 so you can't buy more than
$60 there's the guy in front of me guys
I'm not sure if he read it or not but
he's just like kind of choked up about
it he wanted to buy the whole menu and
the waiter there was like no good time
and you're so choked up about but in
there it is right when you're waiting in
line they even give you like a number
behind the number it says you can only
basically long waiting in line - there's
signs everywhere that we can only buy
$60 to that but in the end of the day
you showed up he was just choked up yeah
well it's okay sometimes we miss things
right
guys two hours waiting here was it worth
it
we'll find out after I bite into the
chicken here we go guys the finale
Jovi's fried chicken so this jobbies
fried chicken looks more different from
the ones in vietnam I want to say less
crispier than ones a Vietnam case wise I
don't know guys the original one
QuickTime is super puff for this that's
hot
that's fresh mm-hmm there's delicious
what I want to compare it do you know
why when we're compared to the best
right now the best right now I want to
say it's Popeyes this original one wait
I can't really compare right now let me
take a bite into the spicy one thing a
pair get as crispy does not as crispy as
Popeyes it's flavorful edge
hmm Mao said the original kind just has
the kind of just like the simple season
maybe not a simple seating but I kind
just tastes like a simple seasoning guys
mm-hmm simple Cena is really good
obviously the simple citizen because
it's original right okay case wise it's
delicious I want to try the spicy one
here we go it's a spicy one the spicy
one kinda looks like there's some dust
on it guys alright I'll buy you this
super pump for this mm-hmm
from the looks of it guys it's pretty
much the original one with their special
seasoning on top they asked for a spicy
chicken I think they just dust on some
spicy seasoning on that we're just still
very delicious guys mm-hmm I'll say it
is spicier than Popeyes for sure I wanna
say it's delicious guys but if I had to
choose between Jollibee and Popeyes I'm
gonna give dolly be two more two more
weeks in guys bauman set jelly beans
very delicious meat personally in my
opinion I would say Popeyes has a better
chicken guys Filipinos I'm sorry this is
very delicious this beets can see for
sure this beets can see for sure
everybody goes Popeyes jollibee I got
tried churches guys I gotta try churches
here in Canada but jollibee no no
Popeyes Jollibee than KFC guys in my
opinion but in Asia I'll say
KFC Jollibee damn Popeyes yeah before we
call it a day so jelly bean gravy
nice okay
by this he's got it nice super pump that
Oh mom dad my friend it's heaven hmm
that is heaven right there guys
hmm I want to say if they're gravy guys
hang on live their gravy you legit has
that old-school KFC feel to us like back
when I was young I love kissy green now
I don't know what happened to the group
this right here has this home warm old
school kids see gravy taste of this
that's delicious guys
that's beyond delicious lasting right
here the peach mango pie
so this peach mango pies looks legit
like the pie or the pie in Vietnam guys
they have that crispy outer feeling or
crispy outer skin there inside come on
this my friend has to be illegal
this right here is beyond crackers
beyond beyond crap look peach and mango
together with a crispy fried outer shell
it just explodes in your mouth guys hmm
just beyond crap all right that's it
guys hope you guys enjoy this one don't
forget to subscribe you happen also when
your pop [ __ ] trust your shirt share
this piece up
