I want American guys actually Filipino
guys secret oh my God okay no way you're
couple Philippines is the best hi what's
your name hi guys my name is melano and
I'm from C CV what's your name um hi I'm
Roselle Marie ATO and I'm from C city as
well and how old are you 21 years old
and yourself and
21 same as here yeah very good what do
you do what do are actually a student
yes
student and what are you studying what's
your major our major is actually tourism
that's why we are here in aala we are
kind of some strolling here tell me do
you have a boyfriend or are you single
um yeah I have a
boyfriend are they Filipinos or
Foreigners for real Filipino tell me
some things about Filipino guys uh
actually Filipino guys a lot of patient
and they are actually good at
like in English like romantic yeah
romantic okay someone told me that
Filipino guys like to break your hearts
is that true not at all no youve never
been heartbroken not true not uh not all
not all I see have you ever traveled to
a different country abroad not yet where
do you want to go if you can go anywhere
um anywhere as long as I've been as long
as she together with me because any the
work it's really still amazing okay as
long as you can see a new place a new
country great that's definitely okay and
what about yourself where do you want to
go um I am actually interested in kind
of asan country like South Korea but I'm
mostly interested with a
um and for me is America like someone
told me that Filipinos or sianas make
excellent girlfriends why do you think
that is what's a quality of a Siana
that's great ah Siana is great because
there is they are good at you know um
pooning out their feeling and also not
not what um it's more like we're making
someone comfortable or easy to go that's
true your girls are very approachable
that's why I'm talking to and I
appreciate that thank you for your time
thank you well I got a lot of girls here
so let me start with yourself hi what's
your name hi I'm Shanel Lardo and I'm
from cibu City very nice okay this is
like Miss Universe passions over here
okay what's your name hi I'm J SEO from
cus
Philippines oh you you just ruined that
one I'm not going to lie so you're going
to be in the take out the bloopers I'm
just joking how old are you
look wait
how old are
you I don't know what iic means but I
hope it's a good thing means
like the video because she's jumping
yeah it's okay jump all you want she's
excited included in the video yeah yeah
this this is going to be in it how old
are you I'm 22 years old and how old are
you and I'm 22 years old okay uh
and
I don't know what's going on over here
but okay so do you have a boyfriend or
are you single um I'm taken for
granted you're take it for granted
that's not a good thing okay who are you
taken by secret secet oh my God okay all
right kind I'm here I'm here in yella so
I can find a you know you want you want
to find a boyfriend okay and uh tell me
where do you want this guy to be from
which country do you want your boyfriend
to be from I want to be in America yeah
you want an american guy I want American
guys so I have a beautiful
baby W only Americans have beautiful
babies I see what about have you ever
traveled outside to a different country
no not yet okay where do you want to
visit um in Korea also because I love K
mhm yeah I love a Korean guy okay okay
so you just switched from American to
Korean
guy I'm bought I like it American guy
and Korean guy what about a Korean
ameran guy that'll be perfect right yeah
it's really perfect perfect B I tell me
what do you lik in a guy what's like the
best feature you look for in a guy I
like wa your turn girls she
said she said a perfect material has to
a perfect material has
what does that mean though you want him
to be physically tall small round big I
like a tall guy and I I like that you
know something you know okay I got it so
you got to be able to perform I like it
look it's it's like raining flowers for
you the trees all right well thank you
so much for your time I appreciate it
yeah thank you so much for interviewing
me my pleasure I hope you will visit
Philippines because Philippines is the
best
ch great thank you hi what's your name
my name is chrz and how old are you I'm
19's I'm like Cortez how old are you I'm
19 turning
20 uh turning 20 this October this
October yes happy birthday okay thank
you what do you plan for your birthday
uh I don't think so it do have any plan
yet no plan if I could buy you a gift
for your birthday what do you want it to
be uh maybe a
ukulele or something you like music uh
yes what do you do are you in school or
are you working I'm working yourself
what do you do are you in school or are
you working I am still in school college
and what do you study tourism and
management flight ATT attendance okay
flight attendant you look tall enough
that's why like you might be a
definitely easy flight attendant and uh
what about boyfriends or husbands are
you married do you have a boyfriend I am
taken taken and then she's my girlfriend
oh no way you're couple oh all right all
right all right that's the first I've
seen here in the Philippines um do
people know about your relationship how
do they take it or tell me a little bit
about that I have no idea uh my father
and mother know already that I have a
girlfriend and they are already accepted
they accepted my friends know that I am
a not a straight I am a
bisexual very interesting what about you
how do your family friends anyone my
friend also already know about our
relationship do you ever hold hands in
public when you're outside or yes
because I first thought the Philippines
was like a religious country I had no
idea so much Freedom was here do people
give you like dirty looks or are they
okay how do they treat you not all
Filipinos not all Filipino yeah well
that's very interesting because I was
going to ask about dating and everything
but this was a whole new thing for me I
had no idea and what about the future
you say you want to be flight attended
do you want to travel to a different
country in the future or where do you
want to go I he took also the tourism
management because my father is in
abroad in Saudi Arabia she is he is
working there oh excellent and what
about you which country do you want to
go to in Canada I want to be in my uh I
want to go to Canada because my
stepfather is there you guys both have
connections to abroad that's why would
you rather stay here or go somewhere in
a different country go to different
country and bring my family very nice I
thought you were the shy one she's doing
all the talking
once the camera's on like yeah let's go
let's do it okay what about sh first you
shy is first okay that's cool and which
you said Canada already right so but if
everything was equal would you stay in
the Philippines or would you go to
Canada oh
maybe staying here yeah you like it what
do you like about the Philippines the
most uh the food the Filipino food uh
also they uh the view for sure yes do
you know how to cook
um a little bit a little bit okay
awesome well thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it thank you thank you
leave your comments down below let me
know what you think of the answers
anything you want to share if you take a
time to write it I take time to respond
and let me know where you want to travel
to anywhere in the world if you can go
all expenses paid for I love to know so
uh couple of uh interesting answers for
myself personally uh but for me of
course uh Philippines is where my heart
is and that's why I'm going back there
soon so I can't wait to be back and do
more interviews and if you're new to the
channel and like this video hit that
like button hit that subscribe button
and also share this video if you want
and that's it for me I'll see you guys
in the next one
bye
