and what's up everyone it's Dennis here
and I'm back and I won't be checking a
kpop music video today nor am i doing an
SP 19 reaction video we're gonna do
something a little bit different I'm
gonna be checking out this movie trailer
this actually came through to my faith
it's been pushed through by the YouTube
algorithm probably because I've been
checking out a lot of Filipino musics a
lot of Asian music videos and also
trying to catch up on The Walking Dead
Season ten mid season premieres
commenced today so episode nine so I'm
just trying to rewatch some of the
episodes of YouTube just to you know get
back into speed on what happened so
anyway the YouTube algorithm kind of
push something through and I've noticed
that there's a movie called block Z or
block Z it's a Filipino zombie flick I'm
like whoa when did this happen
so the no judgment here then no
expectations here love this block Z
block block block set trends there you
go so that's what I'm gonna do today I'm
going to quickly check this trailer
before I start watching the episode the
new episode of The Walking Dead so as
always if you're new here make sure you
hit subscribe and turn on notifications
there you're always be the first to see
any of my new videos
alright now that's out of the way let's
check this trailer out alright so this
is the official trailer right because
it's from the abs-cbn stars cinema
youtube channel so Block Z trailer
blocks the mick hale read they're gonna
know what Michaela read his so from it's
coming out 29th and Jan 25 so it's
already been out for over a month so
yeah comment down below if you've seen
this bill
no spoilers please let me know if it's
good and no judgement here no
expectations
hmm that people already okay interesting
all right what's going on it's so quiet
I'm sure it is gonna be a jump-scare in
here sorry I'm not gonna make a joke
about coronavirus here oh my goodness
from Mikael red lock down the campus
like it means Oh what the heck is
killing everyone surely they're not all
infected
no one gets left behind that's like a
sane of world wars it you know with the
child coming down
all right very interesting
the makeups doesn't look too fake that
looks real I'm two men here comment down
below let me know if you've seen this
video film yeah film if you've seen this
film cover down below let me know if
it's worthwhile you know I get a big fan
of zombie films and ever since Dawn of
the Dead came out you know they did the
remade remake the remake of dawn of
death yeah I would say I would probably
watch a lot of zombie films over the
last 20 years maybe most of the zombie
films you know you know whether it's an
American film an Asian film European
film you know I'll watch anything to do
with zombies so it sounds promising look
to be honest I might actually try and
check this out I know it's only out in
the Philippines so I'm surely and hoping
there's gonna be an online version
somewhere in the next couple months
maybe or I'll probably have to read
through the Wikipedia page I'm sure
someone would have updated that with you
know the store in the profile but yeah
sounds promising
yeah block Z so you're coming down below
if you guys have seen this and let me
know if it's good or not alright
yeah cool that's really it for today I
am gonna be watching the new episode of
The Walking Dead so I'm just trying to
wrap things up now so if you enjoyed
this video remember to give it a like
really appreciate it and subscribe to my
channel for more videos all right cool
I'll see you next one bye
