so I just got to Batad Philippines but
Batad is a village situated among rice
terraces near but not way I took the bus
from Manila the bus takes ten hours and
it's not comfortable unless you bring up
five jackets they crank up the AC and
there is no turning it down so besides
that it's an enjoyable ride
the bust from vanilla vanilla from
Manila took ten hours ten hours - but
not way then you have to take a GP or a
tricycle to get to Todd for an hour and
a half so I found this guy named Michael
so very old I vote in this queue right
Michael's tricycle ad style so I decided
to get in
and this is where they drop you off so
cars can't go any further than this so
now I have to walk down this hill
and look for my place there's no Wi-Fi
and there's no service in this village
so I have to search for it I don't look
I'm going to find it I think it's this
one
after getting lost and trekking down
steep hills for an hour I found where I
was staying for the night I checked into
my hotel and my room was a basic wooden
box with no Wi-Fi no reception no outlet
to charge my things
and no working electricity but that's
partly what makes this place special you
can get a little bit closer to living
the way the locals do hear the batad
rice terraces have been around for over
2,000 years they were carved out of the
mountains by hand
the unique thing about these rice
terraces is that the people live in the
village right in the middle of the
terraces because it makes it easier and
they don't have to carry their supplies
from the terraces to the village as you
can see here everyone lives right in the
middle the stairs
they're supposed to be natural drinking
water here and you can see these kids
they brought these big buckets and
they're filling them up with water but I
don't think I'm going to try it just yet
or ever to get to the top of the
terraces you'll hike along narrow cliffs
and you'll walk through the village and
see the people at work this is the view
that made it all worth it the terraces
make an amphitheater shape around the
village they seem to go on forever
when you're in it it's hard to believe
this place exists
do
again amazing view and Southeast Asia
please give this video a thumbs up if
you like the view
and one
you
