hey guys so Michael and I decided that
we're going to go into the Philippines
and we're leaving in two weeks I'm super
excited about that we're going to go see
my parents check out some places in
Manila and then we're going to go up
north travel the coastline
one of the reasons I'm kind of excited
is because I want to fly my drone Tokyo
in itself it's highly regulated and you
can't fly your drone anywhere in Tokyo
it's just completely prohibited you have
to go way outside of Tokyo to fly it and
there are restrictions obviously now I
thought this was going to be very
different in the Philippines obviously
can't fly near airports and whatnot but
I thought that the regulations would be
a little more slack I've done some
research online and it looks like it's
going to be a little more complicated
than I originally imagined the reason
being is the documentation is a bit
sparse and from what I've gathered is
some people will say no you can just
bring your drone there I've had no
problems which is probably the truth and
that's kind of like the unwritten rule
like they don't really check and that
you know you're free to fly the drone
anywhere but looking closely at the
rules and regulations something came out
December 2015 of just like very defined
regulations and I think manly is for
flying commercial type drones that are
over 100 kilograms
I think anyways the point being doing
some more research
it looks like the customs of the
Philippines have actually confiscated
drones and they find they made them pay
that find it but they made them pay an
import tax of a hundred thousand pesos
which is roughly two thousand dollars
for an import tax to be on the safe side
what I've done is I've mailed a CA AP CA
P stands for civil aviation authority of
the Philippines I went to the website
found a few emails message a few of them
and covers two responses one person sent
me the document saying here's the
December 2015 regulations can't fly la
jolla blah they pretty much couldn't
help me out and another person emailed
me basically they said yes you can bring
your small drone but you have to write
us an official letter that signs it must
include your address the purpose of it
which would be recreation not commercial
purposes also you need to send us the
serial number and dimensions of your
drone so I've gone ahead and done that
I've sent them my information is a
signed letter now I'm just waiting to
hear back they said if you write us this
letter and we'll send you back
permission letter or you can show it to
the customs officers when you get to the
Philippines I guess this is something
that a lot of people who buy these you
know consumer type drones like the DJ
Matic pro which I have or the phantom 4
you're going to come across this so I'm
going to kind of bring you along on our
journey getting to the Philippines with
Astro NAND showing you whether or not
the customs forms were required or the
permissions were required from the CA AP
and maybe show you some drone flights
when I get there so quick update I got
my drone permission from the Philippines
you can see that I'm feeling kind of
just a little bit nervous just because
they said that it can possibly
confiscate my drone as well as you know
put a hundred thousand pesos fine which
is like two thousand dollars so
hopefully with this letter if they do
check us then we won't have any issues
now we got to get through the airport
and customs hopefully no issues alright
see you guys in the Philippines
[Music]
on our way we just got a bag
I actually didn't put the drone in my
suitcase and check it in I got it as a
hand carry and just brought in my
backpack
once we picked up our bags we didn't
actually have any issues customs didn't
ask us any questions and we went on
through so the plan is once you get a
SIM card then we're going to go call an
uber we arrived in Manila but because
we're so close to the airport we didn't
fight the drone there
we waited to go and fly the drone in the
Union which is my parents place so they
just gave us permission to fly the drone
at the restaurant this is awesome we're
going to fly this guy this is actually
the first time we'll be flying it in the
Philippines as I showed you earlier I
got my permission from the government I
asked I guess the authority is just now
whether or not I can fly this and they
said yes
not
[Music]
not
[Music]
not
[Music]
after a lone Yin then we went down to
Boracay
and we flew it there
[Music]
thanks for watching my video on how to
fly a drone in the Philippines if you
liked the video hit that like button if
you have any questions or comments then
feel free to leave it in the comment
section below and I'll get back to you
and like always if you want to subscribe
then subscribe see you guys in the next
episode
