really nice people. Yeah, they 
are. They are. They are. I 
mean, um they're good as both 
uh friends and um mentors of us 
have and I mean, it was really 
good for John to to have man's 
go to Israel because it 
actually allowed him to to 
expand basically is 
understanding of the art and 
how to deliver it. Oh, anyway, 
we're already live. Okay, good 
evening, everybody. So, 
tonight, we have grand master 
and this is going to be his uh 
interview with FM, a discussion 
and um so good evening, Grand 
good evening, how are you? Nice 
to be here and uh it's an honor 
to be on the show. Yeah. So did 
you already managed to get some 
rest from your holiday 
of the holiday were a good 
rest. Oh yes. Yeah. But after 
that, I hope everything's back. 
Alright. Okay. I hope you 
managed to uh do your class 
last night. Um yes. Alright. 
Okay. Uh so, before we start, 
um good evening everybody. So, 
once again, if you got any 
questions for grand, please 
don't hesitate to either 
message me or just put it in 
the comment box, okay? Yes. 
Alright. I think we're going to 
have a very good discussion 
tonight. Okay. Yes. So, okay. 
Alright. So, let's start. Uh 
so, for our viewers tonight, 
can you kindly recap basically 
how you started with martial 
arts in general and then how 
you got introduced into FA and 
then everything follows now. 
Yeah. um well, I started 
martial Arts in 1966 uh when I 
was um pretty young and had 
there was problems in school. I 
was very young and third, third 
grade already. So, my parents 
thought he should do something 
sort of to be able to stand up 
against the other. So, so they 
put me to Judah. That was the 
only only thing that you could 
do at that in these days, 
right? And later on, um when I 
was turning 1314, I started 
with uh karate and karate 
taekwondo mixture then kung fu 
tai chi, and so on and so 
forth. um and Um then um in um 
1978, I um started with the FMA 
first uh on the first seminar 
at Jackson a student of uh uh a 
Estas Roberts. he gave in 
Germany. He he was here giving 
many many seminars uh and then 
um 1983. I sort of got so 
interested in in that that I uh 
decided with with a friend to 
um fly to the Philippines for 3 
months. Uh just strictly for 
training purposes and uh we 
train there um with uh many 
many many different um uh 
different arts um and uh 
different masters and grand 
masters um and especially of 
course with Chrome and that's 
but also with or or uh 
Christina Vasquez to all those 
grands in the Philippines also 
from from other styles. Yeah 
May I just say that seemingly 
on FM, A discussion that the 
interview seems not to be live 
yet because some people don't 
find it there. Oh, okay. Well, 
if it's actually easier, if if 
they can go to Dean's uh 
Franco. Okay, I'll I'll I'll 
tell him. Yes, please. Um Okay. 
So, while you're doing it. So, 
good evening everybody. Good 
evening, Jesse. Good evening. 
Uh Michael and Emmanuel. 
Emmanuel, say hi. Yeah. Hi, 
friends. Yes, very good 
friends. Good. The only thing I 
know 
Yeah. Yeah. I think it's been 
there. They basically tune in 
to uh to Dean Franco and Julius 
is here. Hi, Julius. Julius. 
Hi. Yeah, He's one of the 
moderators. The Emmanuel and I 
know Emmanuel Sin is also made 
of the 90s. When he when he was 
the first time here with uh 
teaching there. So, so it's 
also a 25 years. Uh it's it's 
three of us together. Yeah. 
Wow. Wow. Long friendship and 
FMA Brotherhood. many I've got 
many, long, long long term 
friendships. Yeah. I think 
that's one of the good things 
about FMA especially when 
you've been doing it all 
throughout the years. you 
basically generate like uh 
another of the family and other 
friends and another set of 
siblings. Yes. Yeah. So, uh and 
you got Alexander Oh, 
Alexander. Yes. He's from our 
association. He's board member 
of our association. Alright, 
that's good. Okay. So, you were 
saying earlier on, you were 
telling us regarding your um uh 
intro to FA, how you were 
basically um introduced to FMA 
Well, yes, at that time, um I 
was when it started about 1718 
years and I was already black 
belted and uh in different 
different arts and we had a 
long seminars uh in autumn and 
in in in spring Easter, they 
were for a week um and um uh we 
did 10 hours of training a day 
and we started with kung fu and 
then we do tai chi and then 
jiujitsu and the karate and 
then Bots and Jackson was there 
invited there to a full contact 
karate and so I joined there as 
well um and you know, um 
finding it's interesting uh 
seeing that I could you know, I 
was getting pretty good uh 
pretty fast and I started 
teaching rather early because I 
was interested to share the 
art. Yeah. Um um so that got me 
involved. Um uh and um I was 
pretty and it was really how 
they were any FMA at around 
that time. That was the end of 
the 70s. Um so, I got regional 
uh instructor to instructor for 
for our area and you know so it 
it um it it went from there. Uh 
later on I found out after 10 
years of doing Fm II found out 
that my last name in all German 
meats actually the man with a 
stick and that was Destiny. 
That's sort of sort of. Yes, 
So, it was already in the jeans 
and your family name sort of 
sort of. Yeah. And then and the 
the coat of arms of our family. 
Uh we don't have one but uh 
other other parts of our 
family. uh had one every coat 
of arms has a sticker club in 
there. Uh so so that it is it 
is some kind of it is. Yeah. so 
I feel at home I feel at home 
with the Filipinos and I think 
um one of the title that was 
bestowed to you also It's very 
fitting and you're in in your 
um in your own basically like 
you're you're uh the title for 
that Yes, that is chief chief 
and in the Philippines, we see, 
we see it. Um I know that the 
title of that has a has a 
significant role and value in 
the Filipino society. Mm hmm. 
Uh and I'm far away from 
believing that I'm a doctor of 
the Filipino society but the 
way the Filipino Society works, 
we put that into the the the 
So, the um so you've got the 
the um the sultan on the top 
and you had Reyes on the top of 
the Sultan made the tattoos and 
Remy made the tattoos. So, I'm 
the tattoo of modern and it's 
not a Filipino culture. Yes, I 
know. So, so so um um I do not 
want to offend any any Filipino 
uh from the south but on the 
other hand, I did not give this 
title myself uh and uh Reed 
bestowed on on us on the 
Western people like Kelly 
Warden who fought with many 
fights because was had problems 
being accepted as the first as 
white uh that will put you 
know, the white, white um that 
is so um yes, I don't know the 
brands. I like that. Yeah. Um 
so, so um yes I'm I'm quite 
proud to wear it and in my on 
my ninth 9.Â° uh certificate 
that says I'm that I'm an 
honorary Filipino. I'm a friend 
of the Filipino people and I 
love that of course. Yes. that 
was very nice of such a nice. 
Yes. Yeah. Yes. Okay. So, 
alright let's let's backtrack a 
little bit. Um You started with 
uh yes. So that was uh way back 
70s, isn't it 7879? Uh up to 
8283. He died in Eighty-four. 
Okay. Um yeah. Okay and and in 
seventeen, what caught your 
attention? Filipino martial 
arts when you saw him like 
maybe doing the seminar. I just 
liked it and and it just felt I 
felt it felt right for me doing 
that. Um uh As I said, I've 
I've already been in martial 
arts there for about 
Seventy-six 13 years. Um so, so 
um yeah, I was interested in 
all kind of martial arts but 
that is special because that 
was the only country that I 
went to uh then for for for 3 
months to train there and after 
I came back, um I uh and I 
taught different arts before I 
decided consciously to stop 
practicing and teaching all 
other martial arts and just 
concentrate focusing on the FM 
And that was in 1983 already, 
right? So, that's I'm 37. Years 
ago when I said, okay, what is 
going to be my path FA? Okay, 
So, when you get to the 
Philippines, you train with uh 
Ernesto as Roberto uh and some 
of the other grand masters in 
Modern Ines, Cristina Vasquez, 
Renee Tongs Rotel, dawg Roland 
Antes, uh 
at that time. Um you know, you 
name it. All the all the 
Philippines, all the the people 
that are now Filipino grand 
masters, you know, they were 
there and I trained with them 
for over a month and I train 
3456 hours a day, you know, so 
because we were there for 
training, we were not there for 
holiday. Yeah. Uh so that 
didn't mean that we didn't do 
some some trips to be to be 
called or or or or also but 
only a few days and then come 
back and continue on that 
training. Yeah yes. Yeah. Okay. 
So, um what were you're 
basically like, I would say 
strongest memories or fondest 
memories when you were training 
in the Philippines with all the 
modern masters or. Yeah. 
That's they were extremely 
friendly that they were very 
hospitals. Um that's um they 
embraced people that like their 
art that come to the 
Philippines to train their 
hearts. So, it wasn't all this 
foreigner. Let's see if you can 
fight or if it's any good or 
something like that. It was 
rather opposite. Oh, you wanted 
to earn here. Come here and we 
train and then I'll show you 
and and uh this this kind of uh 
quite contrary to the Japanese 
arts. where you go online and 
you know, that the training 
style is more relaxed uh uh so 
that you go into individual and 
uh and it's not such um it's no 
there's this. Yeah, I've been 
there. It's not there. I don't 
I don't put it on. It's it's a 
different way of training, 
Right. Um but II for me, it it 
fits and and that that was 
really really nice and uh I got 
to train with many many 
different people and um 
That was very enjoyable. It 
hurts at times. painful but 
good pain, right? Because the 
pain shows how how our 
technique works and what to do 
and where to go, right? So, 
yeah, you're good. Yeah. So, 
one of the questions from the 
from the audience here is when 
did you get first to get to 
train with professor Remy. Yes. 
Um we trained with Ernesto from 
83 to ninety end of 90.3 and 
then uh we split the the uh 
working together with him or 
people that working for It's 
not they were I'm issues um and 
in January um 1994, he was 
invited to Germany not by us by 
another group. um um we have to 
go to and uh and uh It was just 
a coincidence that he was just 
there after we split with his 
brother and so we went there um 
to um to the seminar and uh um 
the funny thing was really that 
um Remy didn't push uniforms at 
that time in the in in America. 
So, people came in the karate 
in there um uh Taekwondo 
Campbell uniform or whatever or 
even without just singlet and 
and pants. Um so um uh when we 
came there we were about 
Twenty-five of my black belts 
attending with the that Remy 
Remy designed red pants as a 
with a two red stripe, two 
black stripes with uh with a 
white T shirt. um as a 
reference to the you know, who 
had the red pants and the 
white, white white blouse or a 
shirt. Yeah. Um and with the 
with the black belt rim in 
rate. So, we we Twenty-five 
people wore his uniform and he 
didn't know us. Uh uh so um and 
I know that he liked that. he 
he enjoyed that and uh so 
that's when We discussed the 
whole situation and that we 
would like to join him and he 
said that he would 100% support 
us and uh um what he did um and 
we invited him and I had 
Samuels and um I went to the 
states and go to camps there 
and but that was in the 
beginning of Eighty-four. Okay, 
sorry, Beginning of 1994 not a 
9594. Yes. Okay. I was uh yeah 
in in 83 or 84. Um I got 
already done or 5.Â° Black belts 
from uh Eres Appraisals and um 
Roland. Um and uh first Remy 
Remy after seeing me in my 
group a year later, he 
confirmed that and a year 
later, then II got uh uh at six 
6.Â° and uh I saw the title. 
Okay. Oh, that's good. right? 
Um second, this is a follow up 
question from the same person. 
What was the biggest 
differentiator between training 
with uh professor Remy and 
professor Ernesto 
and a style level. I would, I 
would say that Ernesto system, 
I mean, it later turned to but 
when I trained, it was more 
honest and what I've learned 
was 90% of the things that go 
in the ping pong and the ping 
pong was the reference book for 
the for the modern artists in 
the Philippines from Grammy at 
that time. anyway. um but um 
Ernesto added some things and I 
would say Ernesto System was 
broad Meaning he went also into 
a boa or or or this and this 
and this and this and Remy is 
the most deep uh Reed didn't 
didn't touch so many substance 
but the steel at stake or the 
empty hands uh or or or this 
kind of stuff. He went miles 
deep Alright. Right. Um and he 
focused on that on self-defense 
and Estos was was brought So 
also Ernesto um system a lot 
based on striking blocking 
combinations, footwork moving 
around. Um whereas grimy, which 
probably was his way in the 70s 
also but when he when he 
continued the modern artist in 
the US, um he had many many 
influences. So, there was the 
small circle jiu jitsu from uh 
from uh professor Wally. he 
incorporates so so uh there was 
with Remy there was much more 
Empty hands are locking. locks. 
stick traps, finger locks, um 
lock flows, um uh um flow 
sparring or Tay tay or single 
can sparring, whatever it was 
called later from 795 only. It 
was called Tay Tay. um but it 
had different lengths before. 
um and that again uh got much 
much much much deeper uh where 
as we he never touched uh the 
to the side or whatever, Right. 
But I'm sure he could put uh 
could deal with that but it 
wasn't hidden in his focus or 
you could is wrong way but he 
would be would be good at it 
but um it was just wasn't his 
thing. He concentrate more in 
the end of the stick and you 
know, that was it was really 
hard blade blade and so yeah, 
actually I've got a uh a 
question about that you uh uh 
the palm stick or the doo doo 
Yes. That's developed by or 
popularized by Modern and was 
it was it well 
top. Um 
to the Um yeah. Yeah. yeah. 
yeah. But yeah, I mean, it is 
like as AI don't know as a 
package. uh system. So it was I 
was about to ask from which 
brother did it come from but. 
Yeah. Yeah. Well, but it's it's 
just an adoption uh uh from 
from the stake. I mean it's not 
that it's an old system but if 
you understand how the stick 
works, how the empty hand 
works, then the palm stick is 
just a natural natural tool and 
because both brothers have a 
Japanese arts background, it it 
it basically you've got the 
Yara Yara, Yara. So, yeah. So 
the right. Yeah, the yes, 
exactly. Yeah. So, yeah. No, it 
was just interesting. I mean, 
as as as as like a package type 
of practice but Okay. Uh before 
we move on, uh let's again 
let's say hi to a few people 
who had just signed it. So you 
got Alex You got Matias. Uh 
Marcus. I think this is uh your 
your guys Yeah. And um yeah, 
before I carry on with some of 
my with my questions, uh 
Michael asked Michael Kala ask 
a question here. Why do you 
believe more foreigners enjoy 
FMA than the Filipino people? 
It's I think it's a world's 
phenomenon. 
Look, I as a German do Filipino 
martial arts. I don't do a 
German martial arts right? In 
England. They do Filipino 
martial arts and they don't 
think, well, of course, there 
might be people who do it. So, 
the Filipinos are like many 
others attracted by the foreign 
things. Yeah. Right? So, as I 
as am I, right? So, I'm 
attracted to the Filipino which 
is a foreign art to me, Right. 
Um and um it's perhaps 
hard in the beginning for the 
Filipinos to understand that 
they have an excellent art that 
the the art is as good as not 
if not better. I mean better 
than boys and it doesn't matter 
if it's it's it's as good as 
any other art in the world has. 
It's big advantages and um 
compared to other artists like 
they have advantages to join 
but it can't it holds its 
ground um and usually it's it's 
perhaps that people say, hey, 
it's only Filipino and let's 
let's do something 
international, right. So so I 
mentioned that uh that's uh 
that's I mean the the most 
popular sports in the 
Philippines is what basketball, 
isn't it? Yes, it is. 
Basketball. the most popular 
martial art is karate, I think, 
right? Yeah. Still karate. 
Yeah. Yeah. You have like 
karate taekwondo judo, most 
people. So it's the foreign 
things that that you get 
attracted to and uh and I think 
that's all over the world the 
same but but um the the the 
Filipino masters and the grands 
in the in the last 1015 years I 
think they did a really good 
job and creating awareness of a 
Filipino martial arts in the 
Philippines. Uh it's been 
really, you know, the bill that 
is compulsory in the um uh in 
in the schools and universities 
and that's been taught there 
and um they're pushing it very 
much forward. um uh and it's 
you see it in many many films 
now. you know, Matt Damon is 
doing Filipino martial arts and 
uh in his uh trilogy and and 
and you know we have find it in 
so so many uh Hollywood movies 
um that I think this is also 
helps the growing appreciation 
of the Filipino martial arts by 
the Filipino people in the 
film. Yeah. yeah. Yeah. I think 
um coming from from the 
Philippines, myself growing up 
during the 70s and the 80s. 
yes, Karate became really 
popular. uh especially amongst 
kids and because you've got a 
competitive side to it, it 
makes it easier to to uh market 
it whereas in Filipino martial 
arts because it deals with 
weapon So it it that kind of uh 
high risk or danger in its 
practice and especially if you 
got parents who amongst parents 
would basically send their kids 
to learning something to to to 
to to to uh what's this? We 
train with weapons, you know, 
that we train with weapons. 
Yeah. So even even my even my 
parents back then I was like, I 
was I was asking them for me to 
learn martial arts. So it's it 
was a bargaining thing like 
okay, you you can do this. You 
can learn this but not this. 
Okay. because this is too 
violent. So, something like 
that. So, yeah, I think that's 
one of the reasons why uh back 
in the 70s and 80s, you've got 
like karate 
It has been used. now, although 
sometimes you end up posing 
with the Japanese pose or a 
Chinese pose but some the fight 
scenes itself are Filipino 
martial arts. So, yeah, I 
believe that I was one of the 
first foreigners to come to the 
Philippines to especially to 
train train uh um um nobody can 
claim to be the first and I 
would never do that but um it 
was definitely not in the 1983. 
It was not the thing to go to 
the Philippines to train there 
By the way, I saw a question of 
uh from Texas. Alright. Um um 
if I saw uh EMS uh Japanese uh 
things are like like uh the 
weapons in in in the 
Philippines. Well, um besides 
the modern an association, um 
uh uh appraisers had the or the 
it was actually the uh uh a 
Judo Karate Association of the 
Philippines. Yeah. So he did 
karate there. he did there um 
uh didn't see him doing much 
size or to but I did see it's 
uh sometimes um but um or or 
and uh they they they did this. 
It's Kendall you very much. Um 
um and of course, yes, I saw 
them also doing the karate 
class here at karate class and 
then you had classes. Yes, I 
saw them. They're doing in the 
in the old uh um gym on seven 
744 Boulevard in in. Yeah. 
Second floor of the. Yes, I've 
been, I've been to the gym 
actually and I've seen like the 
the the do itself and the 
passport. Yeah. So, yeah, they 
do have like uh when when you 
basically sign up, sign up in 
the gym, you have to at one 
point, learn all all the 
weapons and be graded at one 
point with the weapons as well. 
So. Yeah, they do. they have a 
very extensive range of the 
weapon system as well. That's 
that's what I mean with broad. 
It's so so so, you know, very 
many things and of course if 
you do so many things because 
you can only train a certain 
time that means that can't dig 
so deep in every every of these 
substances. Yeah, it's it's 
it's just it's not an accuser. 
It's just it's just doesn't 
work. anyway, if you 
concentrate on one thing on two 
things, you can go deeper. If 
you concentrate on ten things, 
you know. Yeah, Yeah. yeah. 
That's why every decathlon um 
athlete is an excellent athlete 
but every specialized athlete 
is in his art better than the 
thicker than Yeah. Because he 
just spends more time and 
specializing. it's it's normal. 
Yeah And I mean like I used to 
I used to 
II know my strength and I know 
basically my weakness among the 
three. So like cycling is my 
weakness. so II tend to train 
more in the running and the 
swimming part and the part is 
basically my my strength. So, 
yeah. So when I when I play 
them, I sacrifice the cycling 
part II basically try to do my 
best in the same in this so 
yeah it's it's yeah it's here 
but yeah I've I've I've seen 
their gym and it's really 
interesting to see when I saw 
their past Did you, did you see 
the old or the new? the old 
one? Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's 
the point where I was training. 
Yeah. Yeah. And what does that 
say? What's the gym? Yeah, 
yeah. Yes. Fourth floor of the 
building. That's where I slept 
for three 4 weeks on the mats. 
training, training in the 
morning, in the afternoon with 
Ernesto. Wow. Yeah. that. 
trained with uh with uh in 
there and um um Freddie Alfaro 
and um Antonio Oh yeah. Some of 
those people. Yeah. Because uh 
I was basically uh studying a 
kid back then. So, you 
basically have like the Akita 
Dojo. You've got the dojo. 
you've got the and the Yeah. 
very close together. Yeah. 
Yeah. Very close together. So, 
yeah. Um Okay. Uh we've got, 
yeah, let me just say hi to 
Mars. Hi to Chad and hi to 
Howard's. Uh nice to see you. 
Like to see you in person again 
sometimes long time ago and 
Welsh, I he's the uh I rep. 
okay. I only see a very small 
part of the comments. Yeah. 
Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. I was 
about to say yeah, they're 
they're saying hi. Okay. so um 
let's get into So, you've 
started training uh or training 
with Remy as well and you 
started getting to your dance. 
Um So, uh let's recap. You got, 
you've got your six done with 
uh GM Remy seven uh with I got 
I got seventh, eighth, and 
ninth when I was in the 
Philippines. always from um um 
a council of modern masters and 
grand masters in the 
Philippines which consists out 
of uh uh Roberto um to 
Christina Vasquez um 
Vic Sanchez. Um 
Sorry if I missed one but 
Roberto, right? So, so from 
those two over the years 
because every 2 years, I went 
to the Philippines train and we 
had a camp there. Um so III got 
the seventh, eighth, ninth over 
over the decades um and in 2000 
2016, I think I got uh tenth 
from Grandma's Roberto. um as 
one of the five people who got 
it at that time which was Renee 
Tongs. um probably to lie uh um 
for that to go walk. and uh 
yeah. Um the La Cruz and 
myself. So, I was the only only 
foreigner there which was a big 
honor. It's an honor. Yes. A 
big honor. Big honor. 
Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. It's 
actually interesting. 
Basically, how you got your um 
basically your dance now your 
your levels because it it was 
already carried by the 
association itself so it wasn't 
carried out just by one person. 
No, no, it's every modern 
artist, master. that came from 
the Philippines and of course 
of Remi. Um so, I got lots of 
um from from Ernesto uh fourth 
and fifth from Ernesto, the 
lower ones from it from but 
that was from a Eso and six 
from Grandma's Remy and the 
other from 789 from the 
Filipino Grandma and from so 
actually from all of us that's 
that's yeah just really nice 
because at least you've got 
that You know that basically, 
every grand master in in in 
modern and is also like 
recognizes, recognize you, your 
skills, and your talents and 
your time, your loyalty to 
more, okay? Uh Julius has a 
question. how does your range 
and game differ from Filipinos? 
What do you mean my size? You 
when you fight and um yeah 
because you're you're tall. 
Yes. When you've got when I 
when I go to and the is full, I 
can see very very far. I know. 
Definitely. Yes. yes. Yes. 
Yeah. Um Of course, it helps in 
Largo when when you find a 
Largo range but let's in the 
end, it's a matter of timing 
that you go in and out at the 
right time but in modern, 
honest, we try to move in to 
close the A to close the gap, 
move in trap, and then move in 
short range in a short range. 
uh arm length or so doesn't 
really doesn't it's it's not 
really so important. so I never 
felt that uh that you need to 
be large, tall, strong and to 
be able to to become good in 
our um and um my and uh my 
focus was never a lot of 
competition when I when I was 
young. Um so, let's say up to 
2223 or so uh we did 
competition also in Germany but 
uh I never focus too much on it 
because I was always had more 
interested in teaching and 
that's why I studied sport 
science. So, I'm I've I've got 
a master of arts and sports 
science in uh in the German 
Sports Academy in Cologne 
Sports University. Um so that 
was that was sort of my my my 
destiny, my interest in 
teaching and you're interested 
in teaching. Yeah. okay. yeah, 
we'll we'll get to that here 
because II want you to like 
focus on that a little bit Uh 
we just have a few questions. 
So, 
Ernesto integrate the Japanese 
weapons or keep everything 
separated as in total separate 
arts since the passport, the 
passport has mentioned, I never 
heard it. She she she didn't do 
lots of let's say but if he 
applied I actually, I also call 
you bro who was a student of 
Ernesto and and and and and 
Roberto and Cristina. Um we did 
a techniques with size so so it 
was not that uh and of course 
you did your basics, you're 
blocking and and you're 
striking bring it out and block 
in and go did all that but we 
also did move into the 
disarming techniques in the 
controls there. Um so, it it's 
um the basics were more done in 
the Japanese uh system but the 
applications were we were just 
on with with other tools than 
the Okay. okay. Alright. That's 
interesting. Yeah. because when 
I saw that passport, I wasn't 
sure how okay, how would you 
how would you grade it because 
it also comes in every every 
weapon uh in the class but also 
comes in. Yes. Yes. Yes. Um but 
uh I focus II didn't really 
have much interest in for the 
weapons. So, I focused on 
actually long stuff. I did a 
quite a lot of long star ball 
uh with Ernesto um and and and 
everything that has to do with 
and so II took the weapons as a 
part of the honors but I wasn't 
really interested in in getting 
uh getting uh a high degree or 
something like that. Yeah 
actually I did get a degree but 
I Okay. but in Germany, they 
are illegal. So, so you're not 
allowed to own them. So, no 
Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He over 
here. It's also illegal. A lot 
of things are illegal. So. 
Okay. Uh Chad has a question. 
Remy us differently at times. I 
did. You notice this during 
your times of training? 
I mean, we only have 6 years 
with Remy because we started in 
90.4 and he died in 2001 and 
actually, he was sick in 2000. 
So, so it was only 6 years. Um 
So, I cannot see a lot of 
change that he did in that 
time. He did. He did start in 
the middle of the 90s but uh 
what we know now is Tay Tay 
with the conceptual Tay Tay 
right hand left hand uh and 
also double sticks and so on. 
Um and he he already was very 
deeply in in in the sticks, 
empty hand locks, controlling 
techniques there and self 
defense there Um and I know 
that in the ad uh uh he was 
quite different uh and he he 
changed something from the 80s 
to the 90s but probably I was a 
little too late um to see him 
change there but I the older 
stuff I got from his Filipino 
students. right? It's because 
they, when I see the old books 
from him, right? This is what 
I've learned in the Philippines 
from his team and his students 
like grandma um he never 
trained for example, with uh 
with Ernesto, he was always a 
student from Remy and and 
continue from there when Grammy 
left. so and I had intensive 
training also in Ninety-three 
uh and Eighty-three when I was 
when I was in the Philippines 
from um So, there was a lot of 
of these basics and these of 
these ways and that definitely 
was much different to to how I 
to um uh in the 90s. Yes. Okay. 
Oh, that's interesting to know. 
Okay, I got three views. 
Eighty-six to 9090 to 9295 to 
200. Thank you. 2000. That's 
okay. Thousand or maybe 2000. 
What is that II Envy everybody 
for the years that they had 
with Remy before I met him, You 
know, it's uh just you you you 
cannot change history, right? 
It was that way and I wish we 
would have met up with him 10 
years earlier but we didn't. 
Yeah. And so so so um what can 
I say, right? Yeah, I'm I'm 
happy for everybody who would 
train with professor um for 20 
years, Right? You know. Yeah. 
Yeah. Great. We we have our own 
journey Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. 
And and and it's it doesn't 
help if you if you're in the 
afterwards, try to change what 
the history was. Yes. It'll be 
It Doesn't happen. Yeah. Okay. 
Uh Julius has another question. 
Do you practice any 
I was asked to fill in for GM 
remiss in 2000 when he was ill 
for Leon Jay's joint seminar 
but I was unable as I was in 
the Philippines. Yeah. Okay. I 
think I think um when I'm I'm 
right uh Jeff Delaney took over 
uh uh that that spot if I'm in 
I think it was in London. Um 
I'm not 100% sure but but II 
think it was Jeff Delaney who 
did uh alright. Okay, that's 
good. Okay, But I wouldn't, I 
wouldn't bet on anything. Yeah. 
Chad. Chad said, I value the 
time I had with Remy. It's 
priceless. Absolutely. 
Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. And 
Remy had a way that whenever 
you were with him or he was 
with you, he gave you the 
impression You are the absolute 
most important person. He 
knows. Yeah. Yeah. I'm 
definitely. that's with 
everybody. but that made 
everybody think he's the most 
important person to Remy 
I 
mean, yes. but but he was 
good with that and he could 
deal with a good. Yeah. He was 
good with people. Yes. Yeah. 
Embracing them. Yeah. yeah, 
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 
And I bet during that time, 
you'll be able to like uh see 
you. Tell you what your 
strengths and your weaknesses 
are the what are the things 
that you need to work on, What 
are basically the things that 
you're good at You're not only 
that he taught people 
differently according to their 
interests and their to their 
knowledge, right? Like like 
Dan, as far as I know, we got 
taught differently because he 
had more karate background, 
Lambert Frank, who was very 
much interested in in the knife 
uh or or uh Kenny Warden who 
was you know in in in the 
fighting and uh uh um and more 
than a conceptual part of a 
whole lot of things are 
structured. I mean, don't bet 
on that. I mean, go to the 
people and ask them as 
themselves. You know, this is 
just the connection that I uh I 
have here. So, yeah. So, um if 
if Remy was teaching in in a 
kung fu school, he probably 
would teach different things 
done in the karate school or um 
in uh in a school or something 
like that. Yeah. So he was 
adapted with any any kind of 
that these things So that may 
also be the reason why 
different people have different 
aspects of his art not only 
because they trained in 
different areas like they 
started preps in the 80s or the 
70s or in the 90s which 
definitely changed what they've 
learned from him but depending 
also in which setting in which 
school of which where they 
came. So, he'd adapted to that. 
Yeah. And that many people very 
much um feel comfortable. Uh 
also this concept uh the art 
within your heart. Um I think 
it has plus and minus it has 
advantages and disadvantages. 
The advantage is that 
instructors were not afraid to 
send people to Remy because 
they didn't have the feeling. 
Remy want to steal the people 
that he do it as they are but 
he says, I enhance your people 
that they can do your art even 
better. So, that's how we 
embrace different groups. This 
about that I see is there is 
that it's much harder to 
establish modern artists as a 
stand-alone artist or as as an 
art that stands tall against 
compared to all other martial 
arts. Yeah and that's what 
we're trying to that we that we 
don't see on this uh as an add 
up to anything else which can 
be done of course but we see 
artists can be a a standalone 
art and um and that's how we 
try to to to teach it. Yeah. 
Yeah. I mean, yeah, I mean even 
from my from my opinion um 
having a teacher we can adapt 
to the group to the person he's 
teaching is basically AAA uh 
trait of a very good instructor 
because you can and also 
managing to see your your 
student's potential in 
individually. Yeah, absolutely. 
Okay. So hi Brian. Glad you're 
here. Thanks for joining me. 
Yeah. Yeah. And then another 
question from Mark when you had 
Remy over to Germany and worked 
with him. how did you then take 
his techniques back to your 
students? What process did you 
use? 
Well, through my studies and 
University of study of Sports, 
Um I think I have a good 
ability of analyzing 
techniques. um and um I was 
always good in structuring. So, 
I saw the things that we were 
good good in. We were good 
blocking, striking, uh 
disarming, and we were not so 
good in the locking and the 
take downs and and the finger 
locks and the chain and and and 
the lock flows and so on and so 
forth. So, we tried to um to 
see uh the things that Remy 
showed us on the seminars uh 
and focus on those things that 
we think uh we we were not so 
good in which uh as he had 
moved to this locking things in 
the in the 90s Anyway, it's 
sort of almost everything that 
he took, right? Uh adapting to 
the the um the the toy toy of 
course because before we did 
the freestyle freestyle 
sparring of ours which was a 
little had the same base but 
it's in detail as much 
different. Um uh so um Um yeah, 
I we we try to do soak it up 
like a sponge or what you 
taught um and you know, in in 
Germany, we have uh I started 
when when I made my first black 
belt in. I think 81. um II at 
that time, the examination was 
show me what you've done, what 
you know and you show 
everything, you know, and then 
you got your degree um and then 
I sat down and say, okay, let's 
let me write down everything 
that that I can think of that 
I've learned in in in in our 
then I try to put it. Um what 
would make sense to learn in 
the beginning? What's what is 
more basic? What is more 
advanced? What builds up on the 
other? So that that was sort of 
a basic curriculum and from 
there on um we uh we continue 
to expand and um we had three 
or four big big changes of the 
programs um and one was in 80s 
and Ninety-six when we had the 
program that we had up to now 
very much of uh techniques that 
put into uh into the program. 
um and You might know that my 
my main job is uh what's a 
martial arts instructional 
videos. So, of course, I also 
did the examination program 
videos. So, we did new videos 
of the of that program and then 
in 2002 after Remy has died, we 
again changed the program to 
adapt even more things from 
from grandma's into the program 
but um since about 20 years, 
we've got what we call a 
technical commission. I'm head 
of that but that's uh sort of 
the eight highest competent. A 
modern artist, uh teacher's 
masters masters here in 
Germany. um for our um chosen 
by the board and for our 
elected um you know for for are 
in because of the higher they 
are. The highest rank two are 
chosen by the board and two are 
chosen by the members. So every 
3 years the the uh it it 
changes so and then then we 
have really people that have 
been training artists like me. 
It's for 3540 years um and we 
together see look at our 
program we see the results of 
our examinations we see, okay 
the students aren't not so good 
in this and this and this area 
What would make sense to 
improve this on this area? um 
to make them better. So, how 
can what do we have to change 
to make them better in boxing 
or in locks and so and that's 
when they'll be incorporated 
techniques in our program where 
we think, okay, people should 
do this or that um get better 
and listen and of course Remy 
filled lots of gaps and 
especially opened our mind um 
to adapt what's useful to to 
make it our own and then not to 
just copy but you know do 
things We do and and and make 
it our own and we should see 
our top people in the RV. Um 
you will see everybody moves a 
little different. We We have to 
I we've got the same skeleton. 
Yeah. But different muscles. 
Exactly. Right. So, that's 
different. One is more than the 
classical one is more of uh to 
ranges. One is more locking and 
that's okay too. Yeah. You have 
to have a good foundation and 
then you just explore different 
different heights and different 
uh areas of the art. That's 
right. Yeah. I do. I do. I 
don't. Yeah. I don't try to 
when I teach uh to make copies 
of myself or be a carbon copy 
um that was already in the in 
the 90s in the 80s when when I 
realized um 85 five or 
something like that but if I 
try to be a carbon copy of 
Ernest appraiser. So, if any of 
the teachers I will always be a 
copy so I have to be authentic 
to myself. Exactly. And I can 
be authentic to my students. um 
and and they don't only see me 
as okay. He's trying to mimic 
um this or this move, you know? 
Yeah. So, I try to analyze move 
to to go on the biomechanics. 
Why does the how does the body 
work? How does the muscle work 
and do to apply the 
functionality of biomechanics 
to to our knees. Exactly. Um 
and um and that's my way of 
doing it and did other masters 
do that maybe and that's on 
didn't do that uh in in that 
regard but you know I am who I 
am and I have to try to be 
myself. Yes I have to to to do 
that because uh uh you can't 
hear mimic somebody. you all 
your life. Yeah, exactly. 
That's that's that's a very 
good point actually that you 
raise because I mean, you've 
got different body structure. I 
mean, even even even even like 
When I came over to the UK I 
have to change some of my 
methodologies and teaching 
because it doesn't, it doesn't 
basically um otherwise, I won't 
be able to adapt to my students 
over here. Yes. And the the the 
the mindset of the people in 
the west is different than the 
in the east. Exactly. Right? 
And if you want to be 
successful, you sort of don't. 
you have to don't have to sell 
out your art saying, okay, you 
want to do grappling. We do. 
You want to do hiking? Yes, we 
do Hiking and you know you want 
to hit with It's on your 
helmet. We do that. No. No. But 
um you have to know what people 
appreciate when they teach and 
when when they learn and uh and 
so on and uh to to be 
successful, you know. Yeah. So, 
I know that our system is 
pretty successful in Germany um 
but maybe it doesn't work in 
Czech Republic. People have the 
mentality is different or in or 
in Sweden and Switzerland or in 
uh uh in France or so. Right. 
So so they all have a little 
different mentality and you 
have to see what works in that 
country. Exactly. exactly what 
I just have of what was the 
biggest difference between, I 
mean, we covered that but just 
in a nutshell, uh two things 
and much more on the blocking 
on the striking and the 
movement and that's what we 
would call more classical. The 
classical strikes and uh you 
know go with the force force 
force and you know, striking 
combinations. Remy but when I 
was with him more into into the 
locking application and and 
take downs finger locks and uh 
and block flowers and second 
that Remy goes very deep in a 
few areas and and got very 
broad in many areas. So, that's 
just in a nutshell. Uh if you 
see the interview uh later on 
in the beginning to be uh I 
talk a little bit more about 
that but that's sort of in a 
nutshell. Yeah yeah. Okay. So 
let's see. Right. So, yeah, 
we're like, we were talking 
earlier on. It's it's really 
good. It's it's really 
important that you manage to 
understand what you're 
teaching, what you're doing 
from from the biomechanics 
standpoint or from the side. 
It's it's really important 
because otherwise, if you don't 
back it with you, don't pack it 
with good biomechanics, it 
becomes your teaching becomes 
well, just to say something if 
if you do you have the 
calisthenics the way that your 
teacher and teacher teachers do 
that you have cartridge 
operations like that 
You 
know, pain is good. You 
have to resist. The pain is a 
sign that something's wrong and 
if you ignore it, something 
will break in the longest. 
Exactly. right? Exactly. So, um 
so um and you will always have 
people and nothing wrong with 
either way to who are 
traditionalist, who are 
priests, who want to preserve 
the art as it was that can be 
seen in and it can be seen from 
probably in in in in in and 
other arts but in maybe as well 
and they're they're also 
innovators, right? Remy wasn't 
innovator. Kat wasn't innovator 
um but um a Esta was an 
innovator and and that's uh 
sense but uh but there's 
nothing wrong with either um 
but um I think if if you if you 
are so long in the A like I've 
been training in our artists 
for for uh 43 years Um you you 
make it your own and you you 
just cannot do it. exactly the 
way it's been done in uh 1978 
and and there's another thing 
when you look at people that 
learned like Aikido from in 
this late years. Yeah, it's 
different from many many years 
and move more like an older man 
that's and if you have early 
students, they move and that's 
of course, you know, each has 
its tributes, right? You you 
you you have this and that. You 
can't move this and you can't 
understand that low and that 
deep anymore and and things 
like that. Yeah. So that's what 
you teach different when you 
get old. Yeah, exactly. That's 
what I teach different when I'm 
my interest changes, right? I 
used to, I used to love kicking 
and forms. I'm not interested 
in either anymore, right? Yeah. 
So, so you're your focus 
changes over the of the of the 
year? Yeah, I think even even 
with some of some of the grand 
masters from like scientific. 
They do found uh Ben's teaching 
change over the years as well. 
So, it's it's it's it's a 
common thing because uh it 
basically brands evolve as 
well. They have to they they 
change. they change their moves 
according to what they can do 
during the time or what they 
were able to do. So, it's it's 
really important to put that 
those things in that context as 
well. Yeah, let me Chris. Hi 
Chris. Uh I met your father 
once. I hope to meet you. uh 
sometimes too. He has a good 
question. Um Major difference 
FMA in America versus Europe or 
in Asia. 
Uh it's a tough, it's a tough 
question because I don't want 
to step on anybody's feet. Um 
people in Asia generally, I 
think and you might tell me I'm 
right or I'm wrong. Um for the 
art itself, the value of the 
art itself. You're western 
people train for aims to 
reaching certain to reach 
certain aims. This is why 
remiss introduced the ranks and 
the belts and that worked at 
least for us in the Western 
Hemisphere quite well because 
reaching the next level, the 
next level, let's baby steps, 
you know, that that are in 
sight reachable. Yeah. if you'd 
say I start and I want to 
become a master 1 day. Oh, it's 
a hell of a long way. You have 
to go until you reach your 
goal. If you ever meet, if 
you're, if you ever reach it, 
right? So, so that that's I 
think a conceptual thing. Um 
traditional Filipino masters 
and probably Asian masters 
teach more by showing and 
letting the people repeat and 
repeat and repeat and repeat 
and whoever gets it gets it and 
going to get killed and who 
doesn't get it falls through 
the grid and it's probably not 
so bad that it falls through 
grid in the west. It's more um 
intellectual approach that you 
try to understand how a 
technique works to to break it 
down to parts and you have to 
make to make the people go. Oh, 
that's Oh yeah, that's good. 
That's good. That's why western 
people and I include myself but 
I also America's tend to talk a 
lot more on seminars than the 
Filipino masters do. they do 
this Pom pom pom? No, go 123. 
Go. Go. Faster. Faster. Faster. 
Faster. Faster. Go. right. Now, 
let's do this. Bam bam bam. 
Yeah. And uh and we go, okay. 
when you go and you move your 
hip and you bring your hand 
forward. see that the the 
triceps works better and then 
you you you you can stick here 
and then you you bring it back. 
Things like that, right? Yeah. 
Um it's uh and there's nothing 
wrong with either. It's just a 
difference of mindset, 
difference of uh. Yes. Yes. And 
um and of course, I cannot talk 
either for FMA in Europe in 
general or nor for FMA in 
America in general. I have no 
database for that at all. 
generally but I think it's um 
difficult for people that learn 
only in seminar format. because 
if you've got the heart as a 
whole. Yeah, A seminar. We've 
got. this is the one you and 
then you think that's it. 
That's it. Um so, um it's a 
little bit like Bruce Lee. Um 
if you try to do the the or the 
the stuff that Bruce Lee did at 
the end of the his life and he 
only tried to do that. You're 
missing out on all the training 
he did to be able to pull the 
things off that he could do at 
the end of his life. So, I 
think if you but if you when 
you train only in seminar 
format and that's also in the 
West and Germany as the same 
thing. Um then you get bits and 
pieces and you might not be 
able to get the foundation. the 
foundation. Yes. So so in 
Grammar Remy, what he did of 
course and he took me by the 
side and said, oh, when you do 
Simmons, you have to do this. 
You have to entertain the 
people. You have to make him 
happy and things like that, 
right. So, he was very he 
wanted to people to come back 
to his seminars so he wasn't he 
would of He was, you know, he 
was living off that II. 
Understand that. Um so, so they 
got very much uh I'd say the 
cream and the cherry. Yeah. 
Cherry on the top of the cake. 
Um but maybe they missed the 
braid on the bottom the 
foundation that they were um 
and I'm sure there were many 
who got it but I'm sure there 
are many who just started um uh 
when he was doing the toy toy, 
I met people that left to right 
hand Toby Toby, two for 2 years 
before they first learned the 
right to right hand technique. 
Right. Um and so if you only 
learn bits and pieces of that 
that the danger that you miss 
certain things that may be 
relevant or important to 
understand or be able to make 
the art good. um that you them 
and that's why we think it's 
important to have a program 
where you lay down. what is the 
foundation? What's the 
intermediate? What's the 
balance? What's the very 
advanced and so forth? So, even 
if the people only only work on 
seminars, they still know, 
okay, we have to get that done 
and then before the we go to 
the next and that's why I think 
the ranks are so important 
because we move into the topics 
of the next level when we when 
we see that the techniques of 
the of the um present level are 
not but are understood and can 
be performed and once that baby 
is La, then you can move the 
job. You can be at the most 
beautiful house but if you 
build it on sand, it's no good. 
Yes, yes, yes, yes. That's 
true. So, that means a written 
program is uh is is good 
because people can reference 
and they say, okay, II know 
this and this but I'm lacking 
there so I can go back and if 
you don't have that, it's 
harder. It's not, I don't say 
that it's not possible, Right. 
It's it depends on the group 
size and so on. So many things 
but that's how we Yeah, it 
depends on the person but yeah, 
I mean like what like what 
you're saying, if you basically 
learn things from a seminar, it 
becomes like like a 
choreographed dance because you 
don't know the foundation. You 
can only play it with the what 
what you've seen in the Okay. 
You don't really understand the 
deeper and deeper meaning or 
the deeper uh just one example, 
if we we and the modern artists 
is quite heavy on disarming. Mm 
hmm. Right? modern artist is as 
we do it, we catch this. try to 
catch the stick and do the 
disarming and I understand 
that's very hard when you do a 
sparring and Sonia, I'm no 
doubt with the sparring is not 
our main, our main aim but 
okay, but if you only train 
that disarming um you're 
missing the blocking the uh 
covering the distance, the 
timing for the for the trapping 
and you need that. Yeah. to be 
at the right place at the right 
time. That's right. To pull off 
the disarming. Yeah And if you 
only if you only train the 
third, the third thing that 
disarming and you Don have the 
footwork. You don't have the 
shortening of the angle. You 
don't have the the blocking. 
then, it's very very hard to do 
the cream and and the cherry on 
the cake. Very true, Right. 
Right. Um so, so and then you 
do it slow and everything works 
on slow and so that's why I 
changed a few techniques 
because I found I can't make 
them work when we do them fast. 
So we try to do them how we can 
do it and yeah, just one 
example and I don't want to get 
too technical but when when you 
have an incoming stake and you 
block the stick very many 
people grab on the outside. if 
you get a strike on the outside 
of the strike to the head. If 
somebody really strikes hard 
and fast, what's the fastest 
part of the stick? Well, the 
tip. Yeah, that's why we don't 
try to grab outside but inside 
between my and the head, That's 
the slowest part. Yes. And 
that's not how it's 
traditionally done in many 
systems but that way I can say 
you get the stick and I cannot 
get it when I'm outside. Hmm. 
That's no. Do you want to try 
it traditionally and can't get 
things done? Perhaps I'm too 
stupid or didn't train enough 
or wasn't good enough to do but 
I changed it to a way so that 
now it can be done. little 
easier. we can say it's good or 
bad. You know, everybody has 
its own values there but um 
again, you know what works and 
what else? Exactly. exactly and 
um being um being in the same 
field as you are and because I 
also do quite a lot of like um 
uh functional exercises through 
to help people recover and and 
during the rehab period, I 
always find that there is no 
black and white really as far 
as functional movement is 
concerned So, everything is 
adaptable to basically to the 
person. okay? So, you have to 
be able to find a way to do 
something to a person and make 
it effective for that 
particular person. It might not 
be effective for me but it 
would be effective for him, 
Okay. So, yeah, it's and it's 
it's a little bit like like 
languages, right? Yes. Um uh 
Some people have problems to 
speak their own language 
without mistakes. Mm hmm. And 
then learning a second language 
is very very hard. So, if you 
do one thing and you can do it 
good, Be happy. Yes, exactly 
And there are people who speak 
five languages fluently. Yes. 
and not everybody can achieve 
that. So, for some people being 
able to learn many different 
things is good and helpful and 
for some, it is. yeah but for 
me II, believe that there are 
in self defense, you can go or 
in our martial arts, you can go 
two ways. One is the the the 
principle of reduction. Yeah. 
That means don't train a lot of 
things like what Bruce Lee 
said, don't fear the man that 
did not 10 thousand kicks for a 
man that um that's trained one 
kick 10 thousand times. Okay so 
you did your punch and you 
really can knock the people off 
and somebody suddenly wears a 
helmet or you can really 
somebody's chest bone and he 
wears a leather jacket. So, 
when you're a one trick pony 
means you can pull that off 
better than anything else on 
the stories of Judo Olympic 
champions where people say they 
can't do judo. They do that 
three things and they're better 
than anybody in the world but 
within their certain settings 
of rules where they can where 
they train, where they fight, 
they can apply it. Mm hmm. Um 
so, for which rules are in self 
defense, uh what are you 
allowed to do and what you're 
not allowed to do? Well, I 
don't record any So, when you 
go, you know, you say, I don't 
have to defend against against 
against knees, against elbows, 
against strikes to the head. I 
have to defend against grabs 
and things like that, right? 
So, in self defense on the 
street, anything can happen. 
So, when you reduce what you do 
to only very, very, very few 
things. you might be good at 
that at those things but that 
might not be adaptable to every 
situation. So I believe um in 
variety try to do as many 
different stuff there and then 
whatever you do, you say, oh I 
know that I've I've been there. 
I've been there. I've been 
there so so you can connect to 
those to those things Not good 
for everybody. Not right for 
everybody. Um but you really 
have to decide which way you're 
going to go. You can't do right 
and reduction it at the same 
time. Yeah. So, and we believe 
more in the variety. Yeah. 
Right. To to to to do all 
different kind of stuff. So, 
once you get in a certain 
situation then you say I've 
been there before. Now I know 
what to do from there for a 
moment. Yes. Yeah. It's not 
everybody. it's a cake cake but 
uh it's ours. That's the thing. 
Yeah. Yeah. Actually that's 
true. Yeah. Not everybody with 
a it that it's not everybody's 
uh um way of doing it but at 
least especially for 
instructors, it's really 
important that we do get to 
understand it as well so that 
we can always adapt to our 
students and also for us 
basically how we how we look at 
things and how we change things 
as well. That's what Jim Reed 
did also when when he was 
teaching, you saw this this 
person is good and striking. so 
he taught him, oh he's good in 
life so he taught him stick, 
you know, or somebody said, I 
want to be interested. I'm 
interested in that. So he he he 
went that way. so everybody got 
some got it. Yeah. different 
piece of cake and I don't 
honestly don't know if anybody 
has has the whole cake. I don't 
definitely don't, you know, I 
definitely don't have the whole 
cake of his modern artists but 
through having learned with so 
many of his students in the 
Philippines and with him as 
well. I think I have a pretty 
good oversight. What he's 
teaching was from the 60s to 
the 90s. Mm hmm. And I 
definitely don't have 
everything. nobody has but uh I 
think I've got a Good idea. 
Yeah. about what they are. 
Modern analysis or all of them. 
Yeah. Yeah. And it's it's it's 
luckily besides knowing that 
it's really more important than 
how you can adapt it to 
yourself, to your student, to 
basically where you are. Yeah. 
Okay. And uh yeah that yeah and 
if you have 120 kilo bouncer 
and you've got a fifty kilo 
woman and just tell them, oh 
the same technique works with 
both of you. No, you no, that's 
the thing with the the skeleton 
of muscles, the skeleton, the 
the the the the concept maybe 
the same but then the process 
of lighter person should adapt 
here, here, and here can be 
faster. Can you quick quicker 
and the heavier person uh adapt 
this and this and this way, 
right? So, already you've got 
two people and two different 
things. Yeah, still the same 
system. Yeah. That's very true. 
That's very true III 
wholeheartedly agree. Oh, you 
got a nice comment from George 
there. This is the reason why 
you are adaptive. Thank you 
very much. I agree with that. I 
agree with that. Let's be 
honest. 
Uh I was about to ask you 
earlier on how how big your 
educational background help you 
propagate more than any in 
Germany but you already gave 
the answer. Okay? So, we're 
already Yeah. And and we say 
you can't get out of your skin. 
It's a German saying, right? 
You are who you are and and and 
yes, teaching what I think is 
right is who I am and why might 
be able to to comment on that 
because I worked a lot with him 
in Texas and ask him what you 
and I'll show you how we do it 
and I tried to explain him why 
we do things and then it's up 
to him to see you make sense or 
say stupid German I don't know 
what they're talking about. I 
keep my stuff fine. Fine. I 
don't try to establish uh the 
German Army Association in 
America. Not at all. When I'm 
in the state, I tried to leave 
and I tried to share what I 
know and everybody, if somebody 
likes it, take it and if he 
doesn't like it, okay, I'm not 
forcing anything but try it. 
Try it. Yeah. yeah. yeah. Try 
to share is the most important 
thing. Try to basically send 
your your message across in in 
in a way that people will be 
able to appreciate it. and 
learn from it. That's it. 
that's the important thing. 
Yeah. Okay. Uh so folks, if you 
have any more question 
regarding that area, Yes. Yes. 
Thank you, Mark. four times. 
Okay. Okay. Look, I was, I was 
the, I think the first for, I 
mean, Frank was teaching in 
Russia in the um uh the army 
there for one seminar before me 
but I was in Russia's in in 
2005. I think the first time 
and then I was reinvented 
twenty times to Russia to teach 
that. Wow. So, so they must 
have found something that that 
they like the how and what I 
do. Yeah. Okay. that's a nice 
lion here every time and I 
teach together students say, 
well, you do both the technique 
the same but it is different. 
Yes, everybody has a different 
touch to it. That's why I love 
doing these things with Brian 
or with others. um because you 
know, he's doing, he's moving a 
little bit this way. I don't 
move a little bit. compare why 
we do things and that's very 
interesting but still we see 
it's the same rule. Yeah. Now, 
this is this is this is the 
reason like for example, ever 
since I learned uh stuff like 
even from from from martial 
arts to dancing, I've always go 
to teachers. Why? Because 
sometimes one teacher can 
explain one a concept or a 
better than the other. Also, I 
can see the differences that I 
see from one teacher to the 
other when they move gives me a 
various ways of seeing the 
movement so that if if it comes 
to a point where in my student 
ask me something, it might not 
be my choice of move but at 
least I can share it from a 
from a different perspective 
and we living now in the time 
where that is easy. Yes. Um 
2030 years from now, you learn 
from a teacher and you go to 
another boy. Did he get pissed? 
Right? And and he might not 
teach you anymore because uh 
you know, because uh he's not 
loyal to our system and so on 
and so forth. what's the same 
but the YouTube and with the 
videos and Dvds, you know, they 
got so open. it got so free but 
before and I understand that 
because if you look from it 
from the historical perspective 
perspective um the Philippines 
so many islands and so many 
tribes and not everybody was 
friendly with everybody. So, 
they were fighting with each 
other and so if you teach your 
techniques to the group in the 
next village. Yes. And they 
attack you. They know what 
you're doing. Yeah. So you if 
it's with yourself, you're 
being shared. Yes. And that's 
in in in the 70s already still 
in the 80s. sometimes it was 
still deeply engraved in the 
master's hearts that if you go 
away, they felt that you 
betrayed them. Yeah, that's and 
as as a young teacher when I 
was 2220, Twenty-four, I had a 
hard time accepting that my 
students might go on a seminar 
with another master. um uh 
because you fear uh that he 
might be better than I am. You 
know, I might lose my students 
and and so on until you you 
understand that the shorter on 
the shorter you keep the leash 
they stay in love with you but 
then they feel that they are 
not free and they cut the 
leash. Yeah And if you're You 
have a long leash. They go here 
and they go there. You know 
what happened They always 
bounce. They come back to you. 
They come back to you. Yeah, 
that's that's that's what it's 
it's it is a process that you 
have to go through and that 
your heart has to go through 
because it's an emotional 
problem that you have. Yes. And 
not not not a racial. they go 
away. do I like it? Yeah. yeah. 
I do encourage my students 
actually to to learn and to 
take another uh another art for 
example because it II. do 
believe in um in trying to uh 
get them exposed in different 
things. so that basically it 
helps helps them with their 
learning because that's how 
that's basically how I grew. 
That's that's how I how I 
enrich myself as well. 
Whatever, whatever whether it 
is in dance or in martial arts. 
So, I did the same thing. So 
yeah. Okay. Yes. Alright. 
Thanks, Brian. 
Yeah. Thanks, Ryan. Um okay. 
So, I think we we do 
discussions that we we just 
had. What advice can you give 
our viewers? both practitioners 
and instructors in using 
science in both training and 
teaching FA 
I think the acceptance of a 
technique meaning, you see 
something say, oh yeah, that's 
nice. I'm going to do that. 
It's much bigger when the 
people understand why things 
work, how things work, and feel 
that they work and contrary to 
say, my teacher used to do it 
that way. do it. Yeah, that's 
the best. Second best. My in my 
in my opinion, when this is the 
same thing because you do it 
like your teacher is doing it 
and that's the way that's how 
it works. Perfect. Perfect. 
Right. But as an explanation, 
um I do it by my teacher does 
it and I don't explain it to 
you. I can't explain it to you. 
I don't want to explain it to 
you. That's the second best. 
Sometimes I don't explain 
because I want the people to 
explore. Yes. And when I see 
what they do, how they explore, 
then I give them my explanation 
to see how it's there's for 
example, 111, certain disarm 
please. technique with um the 
um uh whatever uh strip it 
strip on the number two that 
never worked when I did it 
never worked and it took me 4 
months 5 months and until I 
understood what I did wrong, 
and I don't give that away. 
Okay, well, I show the 
techniques to my to my students 
and let's say not try and then 
we see if it works and if it 
doesn't work, I'll let you 
know. I let them go for 10 
minutes. 15 minutes just to 
make their experience and then 
I tell you, see, it doesn't 
work because if you do this, if 
you try that, oh no, it works. 
right? Sometimes, I do it 
straight away. sometimes IIIII, 
I let him try it out a little 
bit but generally, um if a 
students feels it works and if 
a student understands what he's 
doing, that helps in my opinion 
in the Western society and it 
gives you also as an instructor 
the feeling that you give the 
best you can. Yes. And support 
whatever you do with data or 
facts with uh like if if I want 
uh where's my hand If I want to 
push this way? uh push 
something away. Well, how would 
you push pull the door push 
when you open the door. Don't 
show me how would you push the 
door? Okay, how would you pull 
somebody to somebody? How do 
you what You call somebody 
something. Just put something 
towards you. Okay. Okay. So, 
we've got palm palm palm palm 
out. It depends on how I grab 
the person. No, it doesn't. 
When you do, when you when you 
do bicep curls. Yeah, I do 
biceps. What do you do uh when 
you do push ups? So, when you 
do when you do bench pressing, 
how do you uh now we come to 
biomechanics? The body has 
certain muscles and they work. 
They work a certain way. When 
you have your palm in, that's a 
position where you biceps and 
the and uh muscles work much 
better to put something in. 
Yes. Yeah. When you want to 
push something away, that 
doesn't work because the 
triceps works much better if 
the hand is away from you and 
runs away from you. So, and if 
you know that and if I want to 
keep some something away from 
me, I would be here but if I 
want to grab something, I 
would, I would be here. So, 
when I see somebody in a stance 
like that. So you want to push 
somebody away with that 
position where we've got a 
problem, you have to have it be 
at least this way. Now, your 
triceps works. Now, this this. 
Yeah, you wouldn't have, you 
know, if that collapses. This 
doesn't. Yeah, it is that way. 
Yeah. And then I let him try 
it. Okay, let's tell him. Okay, 
hold your arm like this. Okay, 
hold it like that. Uh which is 
more stable. You'll be then 
you've backed up your claim. Do 
this way. Not that way with a 
little bit of science uh and uh 
some experience um that the 
people try themselves and say, 
oh this is much better now, 
what works better in 
remembering things? Oh, how did 
master the teacher, the who 
taught me or what is 
functional? What does work 
better? Yeah. So, if you only 
try and always try to remember 
what somebody did, it's much 
harder than to see how this 
works better than it's grown 
up. It's already yours. Yeah, 
that's true. And that's just 
the way that that that that's 
my approach to teaching and I 
don't say that that's the only 
one. I don't say that's the 
right one. Yeah, it is mine. As 
we said, you can't leave your 
skin. You. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, 
that's true. That's true. Yeah. 
Yeah. George commented. I love 
when the light bulb lights up. 
When the student realize. Yes, 
yes, yes. We had that in the 
pre pre talk, right? Yes, we 
did II. get my kicks Not by 
being able to to disarm a 
person or to to lock a person. 
I get my kicks from seeing 
somebody doing something and 
that doesn't work and I tell 
them, move your little finger 
one inch to the left and 
suddenly it works. You go, wow. 
bang. That's what I think. Yes. 
Yes. Yeah. And that's that's 
that's what I like to do. I 
like to do to analyze. We call 
it um mistake analyst and 
analyzing to see which is the 
most important mistake to 
correct first and then the 
second and the third level, 
sometimes there is none and 
sometimes there are five. 
sometimes there's only one but 
trying to see that and 
sometimes you don't have a uh a 
lot of time to do that um but 
that that that's what I really 
really enjoy to see how how can 
I improve the the movement, the 
technique, the execution the 
functionality, the effects of a 
technique by just simply 
manipulating the body a little 
bit and I do um I do one 
session. sometimes it's it's 
not very successful in seminars 
because it's really difficult 
to get the people involved but 
I call it a little bit slippery 
Um show me yours and I'll show 
you mine. Okay. thank you. You 
know what I mean? But what if 
you got this time Yeah. Okay. I 
know it's it's it's not the is 
formulated like that in and 
purpose, right? But what I want 
to do, I show you, show me how 
you do this technique. I show 
you how I do the technique. I 
try to get points and um it's 
in the beginning, it's 
difficult to get people 
involved in that because they 
are trying to that sometimes 
afraid of opening up and 
perhaps song I can't do this 
one that well and and think so 
to the to the group that they 
have a problem. one technique 
so usually good. When one or 
two of the instructors have the 
first two things so that the 
students are the instructors 
are something. So then I can 
ask something Then, the lesson 
starts rolling and I enjoy that 
a lot because I just see and I 
try this, try that but if you 
don't get that and the white 
people ask, why do I have to do 
this one? Let's walk. It won't 
go well because the higher 
won't. No, no, no, not for me. 
I don't show you mine. I'm not. 
you. Yeah. yeah. There are 
there are certain things like 
for example, even when I teach 
like qigong, the energy juice 
and everything, I prefer for 
them to experience it first 
before I explain it. Yeah, 
Yeah. Yeah. Sure. It makes it. 
Hello, Dan. Anna's. Yeah. Yeah. 
So, yeah and yeah, the light 
bulbs, it's it's it's really 
like even uh I would say very 
satisfying for us as teachers 
when our students get all those 
light bulbs lighting up when 
they when they learn because we 
know the problem is if the room 
stays stays dark, that's You 
throw in the light bulbs and 
they just don't work. Yeah. 
Maybe it's not. It's not, it's 
not the day. It's not the night 
but it may happen. It may 
happen. Yeah. So, it's not 
always the sun is not always 
shining, right? Yes. I always 
keep my fingers crossed. 1 day, 
1 day. It's going to happen. 
Uh yeah. have a great 
interview. That Dub is proud 
and lucky to have him as GM 
head coach and board member 
Thank you, Alex. That's that's 
really nice. Yeah. Yeah, Thank 
you. Actually, my next question 
is is in line with that. Uh 
what are the things that uh Oh 
no, what challenges did you 
have to go through when you're 
establishing the German an 
association or the deaf Well, 
it's several things. First, um 
we were in an association being 
in the beginning before the DMV 
where like a five 710 different 
styles were taught. Mm hmm. And 
then we said, nope, we don't 
want to feel like the fifth 
wheel in a car. We want to do 
our own thing. We make our own 
association and this is it. 
Yeah. those idiots stick work. 
Nobody wants to do stick. You 
know, wait for 3 months and 
they're out of out of right 
now. 30. Years later, you know, 
I do an interview with American 
uh uh uh website and you know, 
I'm I'm quite known all over 
the world with people that um 
that that are in the same area. 
So, first acceptance, right? 
Who knew in the 70s or the 80s? 
What? Filipino martial artists. 
You don't have to stick with 
you. You still hear this 
question. these these things 
that right? Um uh and and uh 
and Is that that it is an art 
for itself that it it is 
worthwhile and creating 
interest um that's had to 
overcome problems, right? Yeah. 
Um the good thing is that 
people that were sometimes 2030 
years in other arts sort of got 
bored with the other arts and 
they look for some new 
boundaries for some new 
horizons. Mm hmm. And then you 
see this twenty-eight inch 
stick or seventy centimeters 
stick in the and said Jesus, 
these these sixty centimeters I 
didn't know before So that's a 
new Alright. So that's how you 
got involved with with other 
people from other martial arts 
and of course, helped um and 
I've I've very strongly think 
it helped that we have a 
uniform that people that belong 
to our group. Yes. And the 
first, I mean, we we have black 
in the in the beginning of the 
80s. we have black pants and 
different colored uh T shirts 
and then we change the red 
pants and in the beginning, we 
didn't like it. Now, it's uh 
it's a signal if see somebody 
with white pants. You know it's 
a yes. If you see somebody with 
black pants, it can be 
everything and if you can't do 
anything so so that that's a 
good thing. Now, wearing a 
certain form gives the people a 
feeling that they belong 
together. Yeah, that's true. Um 
right? That's for group 
dynamic. It's important that 
people say, oh, I come and go 
whatever I want. They belong 
together. Right. And they have 
the uniform is just a signal 
for that. Yeah. Having a 
structured program where one 
step one comes after the other 
one technique comes after that. 
whether you're have a look at 
the basics laid out, then you 
have Then the next to the next. 
I think it's important because 
we've talked about that baby 
steps having having aims goals 
that are reachable. um uh and 
and then the next and I believe 
it's also important that you do 
not teach the whole program to 
everybody Um immediately. Yeah. 
I do not teach black belt 
students black belts, content 
in general to student levels. I 
don't do that and that's for a 
reason. I can't explanatory II 
did. I did kung fu for 456 
years with a Chinese Chinese 
teacher Hung is from Taiwan. He 
was um good teacher. um and he 
always thought the same thing 
for everybody which was fine. 
Um over the years, I could make 
a master degree which was, you 
know, if you had to have 
college degree in mass for us, 
now is different but we can 
talk about that a little later. 
Yeah. Um It bothered us that we 
learn the same techniques that 
the white and yellow wanted the 
Greenbelt learn. So, we asked 
him, masters, can't we as a 
black belt have something for 
us And he said, yeah, okay, we 
do it and he did a cannonball 
forms you call it, right? Very 
nice. You know, uh beautiful 
movement and we were happy. We 
in the blackboard Got something 
for us. Yeah. 3. Months later, 
he taught Paso for your belts 
in a seminar. And he said, oh 
no. And this this emotional 
disappointment. Mm hmm. 
having
 worked for something. 
Yeah. Got something that was 
then handed out to everybody. 
Okay. It still sticks. Still 
sticks. So, I believe that's 
what we do from white belt to 
5.Â°. Fifth down 5.Â° Black Belt 
Whenever you make an 
examination, the program after 
that, I won't say it will blow 
you away but you feel like a 
beginner You'll learn so many 
new things, so many different 
things um that you be 
challenged to master those and 
then go to the next you where 
you will know **** I'll be a 
beginner again. Yeah, yeah, 
yeah. In the next level. So if 
you if III have one friend of 
mine, he did jiujitsu in 
Austria and when he was blue 
belt, he stopped doing 
jiujitsu. Why? Because he said, 
I've got the whole program to 
fit down. I've I've learned it. 
I trained it. Why should I 
stick and on the other hand, I 
don't think that the blue belts 
has the experience and the 
knowledge and the abilities to 
do the highest stuff but the 
blue bears, know that he can't 
still, he stopped because I've 
got it all. Yeah. So here next 
to the next level, nothing new. 
So, I think it's it's important 
to to keep the curiosity of the 
people. Yeah. And be able to 
give them new things once 
they've achieved a goal. Let's 
say, okay, I've reached the 
horizon. where's the next and 
that's your next target. That's 
your next goal. and then the 
next and the next. It's like 
you you you do a mountain 
climbing, right? You reach the 
goal. there's a mountain. You 
reach the next mountain. Oh, 
there's even higher amount. 
Yes. Yes. yes. Yes. And and I 
think that's important because 
then you have the feeling I've 
achieved something, something. 
Yes. And when I've achieved 
them while I've achieved 
something, I unlock the next 
level and if you don't give 
that feeling to them, um then 
it's not valuable. What's your 
gift to them? They don't value 
because everybody gets 
everything. What's the what the 
heck? Yeah, exactly. Yes. but 
that's just my personal belief 
and the way I think we do, we 
do it in the morals, in 
seminars. It's a little 
different in camps. It's a 
little different II. Don't go 
only by the belt but we go a 
little bit of answers and and 
you sometimes look over. We 
call it over the rim of the of 
the of the plate. Let's just 
see what's there. What's there? 
Yes. yes. To to to tease them 
but they don't get the whole 
program, right Because I think 
it's important. It's important 
that once they made a degree, 
they were new stuff Yeah. And 
one more thing, um with um 
master grand master level. I 
just want to want to just 
briefly address that in 
Germany. We've got um when you 
learn a job like Cook or Baker. 
Mm hmm. They do a 3 years 
apprenticeship and after those 
3 years and they do it full 
time. of course, they go to the 
bakery and they go to business 
school and they make the 
certificate and then they are 
baker and then they work for 
three or 4 years or 5 years as 
a baker and then they go to 
master school 345 years in the 
master school and once they're 
finished that, then, they are 
master of their trade. Mm hmm. 
That's that's the way it works 
in Germany. Yeah. Now, when you 
look at martial arts, you you 
do whatever martial arts. I 
don't want to pick on any 
really. I don't want to put 
down any You go twice a week 
for training. Do that for three 
4 years and you can first time 
Blackbird Master Alright. So, 
you've got the people that do 
their business that do it for 
10 years, full time, 40 hours a 
week and then they, if they go 
to special school, then, they 
might get their masters degree 
and you train 4 years twice a 
week and you are a master geez, 
that doesn't fit. It doesn't. 
No, it doesn't. No. So, for us 
in the German Army Association 
and I don't don't, you know, 
don't want to put that on 
anybody else for us. The first 
to fist on our experts. We have 
first and second guru 345 
senior guru but those are for 
us, Expert six is master sixth 
time. You have 20 years in 
learning Alright, that's 
alright. and seventh, eighth, 
and ninth and tenth. This is 
grand master course. Yeah. no. 
Um not everybody did it that 
way in the Philippines. No. And 
we adapted that way. Why? And I 
want to just Explain that. When 
I saw Christina Vasquez 
senior
 master ND eighties. 
Nineties. 
It's senior master. normally 
it's six grand in Taekwondo in 
karate but I've seen for 
calling themselves Okay, Yes, 
too early but even six time 
now. what was Remy's Remy's 
biggest dream? I think one of 
his biggest dreams was that 
modern artist becomes a 
household name becomes an well 
accepted martial art in the 
world. Mm hmm. And if you want 
to play with the big boys, you 
have to 
play with the rules of the big 
boys. So, and I've we've looked 
at how is it internationally 
done and internationally, it's 
done that most of the many 
systems have the grand at 
eighth, some at six. Okay. and 
it's at six six for grand so 
it's too early but the ninth 
not being a grandma compared to 
Taekwondo Hapkido karate judo, 
um jiujitsu, what whatever 
grandma say six that devalues 
the night or the eighth Yes. So 
we thought it's right to have 
six and seven as a senior 
master eight 910 grand as most 
of the martial arts in the 
world handled this. Yeah. Yeah. 
Did our teacher did it the same 
way? Nope. That's we do it in 
the DMV that way because we 
believe that's a good way 
because people can relate to 
that. Yeah. And we we use, I 
know the Filipinos don't like 
to use the word done. They like 
to 7.Â° Black Belt and we use 
because it's a household word. 
Yeah. We want to use a Lima for 
50Â°. Find nobody knows what a 
la Lima is down. Everybody 
knows 5.Â°. What is a degree? 
50Â° Black belt. Okay. 50Â° black 
belt. and everybody knows what 
time it is. Koreans, even 
though it's not Korean word it 
done, right? Yes. Yes. It's 
it's it's not a Japanese term. 
It's it's a household term that 
if the world that has touched 
martial arts in some aspect can 
understand. it means that you 
have reached the black Yeah. 
Yeah. And I know it's not a 
Filipino term but we still use 
it just to to easily connect to 
other people to you know, with 
one word to know that know 
what's what's what's going on. 
Yeah. Right. Nothing wrong with 
that. So. so do we do it 
exactly the same way? Nope. Do 
we do it? It's right. I don't 
know but we think we do it the 
best to our beliefs. Yeah, it's 
important that basically you 
adjust things also as well to 
to your to your group at one 
point You're basically working 
on like as soon as you've said 
earlier on, you get the main 
skeleton of the modern 
association and then, that's 
basically to your to your 
groups and by now, of course, 
we have through the decades 
we're doing and we have a 
system and set rules and 
program that we have and we 
have a training courses where 
we teach our trainers how to 
how to teach and not only 
techniques but how to deal with 
people and how to uh how to be 
a teacher and and things like 
that and and uh I mean the 
result if you send you the link 
for our black belts, right? 
Yes. Yeah. You see, you see I'm 
I'm the tenth and we have to 
I've got two to eighth grand 
masters. Why are they eight 
grams? So, I have to describe 
that but one reason is because 
their students are masters 
already. So, if you're student 
now, if you have produced 
masses as well, at least that's 
one reason. I mean, they are in 
the arts since Thirty-five or 
37 to 43 years, you know, Yeah. 
Um and then you see fifth and 
you see fourth time you see II 
think we've got some like 350 
35450 black belts uh on that 
page that I've all examined 
personally personally um and um 
um and and that's just what 
what uh what we've achieved in 
the 435 years of that we've 
been doing that. Yeah. And I 
don't say that this is the best 
way of doing things but for us, 
it did work quite well in 
Germany. Doesn't work in other 
countries. I don't know. I 
don't know the mentality of the 
other countries as well and you 
probably have a New York, the 
Texas and California mentality 
and they don't have to do 
anything with each other maybe. 
Yeah. Yeah. But and Scotland, 
you know, the people are 
different in different parts of 
the country. So, you know, my 
my my uh mentor and friend John 
is going through the same way 
of restructuring the way he 
teaches things and uh Uh it's 
uh his students in Israel and 
also like all the other uh 
lightnings um as associates. 
It's so many people are very 
very technical uh and and brain 
driven people they like to 
understand and then I'm sure 
trying to do because he's 
successful in Japan in your 
world. Yes. Yes. and he has 
been he has been actually doing 
well in adapting to to to their 
needs and to their to their 
way, to their mindset, to their 
mentality. So yeah, that's what 
I'm really lucky to be his A 
student now 
Oh yeah. Proof is in the 
pudding. The dove is one large 
group. also very skilled 
students overall. Great 
program. Thank you, Mark. On to 
you That was one of the people 
and from America who took the 
effort to come to our summer 
camps. Every second year, we 
have a summer camp where we 
have uh we train for one full 
week, six 7 hours a day and we 
have usually 180 people to 
train for a week. Well done. 
Well done and and and what is 
even more important 1 week with 
180 people and no problems 
between each other. Yeah, no 
quarrels just having fun II say 
1 week just thinking red and 
white red white T shirt. You 
know, everybody has the same 
goal and you enjoy it. You 
know, No florals and they're 
having a good time and that's 
what I said in our pre 
interview, right? There are two 
things that are important when 
you when when you when you 
learn a martial art, you have 
to trust your instructor that 
he teaches you something 
valuable. If it's really that 
way or not, it doesn't really 
matter. In the beginning, you 
have to have the feeling you 
don't should not ask every time 
when he sees he how does that 
work? That's no good. you know, 
and you won't stay there and 
and do I have a good time? Do 
you like the instructor You I 
like the students. Do you enjoy 
your are you having fun? And if 
those things out there. Yeah, 
you're right. It doesn't matter 
what system you you're trying 
and once you're you're you have 
a foundational system, you can 
still explore many many other 
things. Yeah. So, the fun 
aspect is is important in our 
society. Yes. That's what is 
here always scared that curly. 
Thanks for tuning in. Nice to 
see you here. Wow. 
It's 
like a reunion for you. 
Yeah. It is. It's an honor that 
the people that those people 
take them take their time just 
to listen to actually be 
talking, telling a few stories 
and some stupid stuff. No, I 
appreciate it. Honestly, you 
know, that's yeah. People like 
Brian like that. Like you know, 
Kelly Warden take their time. 
Yeah. Thank you very much. Feel 
honored. Yeah. George said that 
you have built a fantastic 
organization and Mark said one 
of the best seminars I've ever 
been to. That's the same summer 
camp. Thank you, Mark. Thank 
you, Mark. 
and I will attest to the 
success of Dee's camps. Very 
well done. and yes, of 
differences between the 
attendees just training our 
**** off. Brilliant. 
Yeah. Yeah. But and was there 
for a camp for for one summer 
camp and and and taught there 
and um that was um very 
enjoyable for all of us and he 
I think he enjoyed it as well. 
It was good. Yeah. Yeah. Well, 
I mean as as as I see it you're 
you're you're really running a 
very successful organization 
there in in in Germany and even 
like reaching it out to sharing 
it out to the rest of the world 
and yeah I mean we have We have 
branches and connections in in 
in France and Switzerland and 
Austria and Hungary and Czech 
Republic in in in Russia and uh 
and I just teach a lot in in in 
Scandinavia um which stopped 
when we went to uh Estos. They 
stayed with Ernesto um but um 
you know, we have ties too many 
too many countries and some 
countries adapt our program and 
some just sometimes invite me 
and then other instructors of 
the DMV to to learn and that's 
fine. That's fine. We're we're 
open. We're happy about people 
that um that's enjoy us and 
enjoy what we do. I mean, if if 
you have any any anything 
coming up, always you can let 
me know so I can always share 
it through like the FMA 
discussion page and also the 
British Council which the 
artist. um yeah, actually this 
week should have been the the 
seventeenth I think sixteenth 
or seventeenth TV summer camp 
and we call it due to COVID. 
Yeah, I know. everything is 
still touch and go at the 
moment. Yes, yes, yes. In 2 
years time again, 1 week of 
training with a lot of fun and 
a lot of people and uh I mean 
just for that, you understand 
how we do it when you do 10180 
people are training. You can't 
have groups with 180 people. 
So, we have 567 instructors 
teaching parallel each saying, 
okay, my program is open to 
everybody. My program is only 
for green belts and I am I is 
for but we are black belts so 
that that's those 180 scattered 
two different Yeah, it's a 
different. different levels, 
different groups. So, if 
everybody can make his own 
summer camp. Yeah. Because 
nobody will do the same 
classes. uh uh with with the 
other. So, um there we have 
usually fifteen instructors uh 
teaching um and we share 
knowledge and then different 
experiences and uh having fun. 
Yeah, it's actually a good way 
of doing that because at least 
you can cater to the different 
skill levels of their students 
rather than it's like a 
one of those people moves the 
same as the other does because 
they all found their way and 
that's also the thing that you 
as an instructor have to learn 
that you're not in a karate 
system and that I don't mean 
that negative. Yeah. And karate 
if you if you see Aron with 
three people doing this exactly 
the same thing at the same 
time. It's beautiful to watch 
and that's just uh you know the 
way it's done and so that's 
that's okay. Um but we like to 
be individuals and we we also 
Some people do their individual 
things um and that's why 
everybody has a little 
different way of doing it and 
it's it's you have to let go as 
an instructor not to make 
carbon copies but yes. to you 
know, to to put them on the way 
and let them go. You know, it's 
it's it's it's uh sometimes 
emotionally hard but it's it's 
the right thing to do. It's 
like kids you know my my my 
youngest son moved out uh uh a 
month ago. right. So you had 
him for twenty plus years and 
and um it's it's hard to let 
them go but it's the right to 
do. It's the right thing to do. 
Yes. Yes. Yes. And you try to 
basically help them uh help 
mold themselves basically as 
well to become who they are as 
far as that's what Reid said, 
make it the audio, make it your 
own. That's why we do. That's 
what we try to do and still 
skeleton the muscles have a 
common thread, a common thing 
that binds us together. Yes, 
that's very true. That's true. 
That's to keep that balance. 
Yeah, I do agree. I do agree. 
Oh, okay. So, we have a 
reaction from Beatrice. Not all 
of of us. Well, that's that's 
probably referring to a class 
that's uh that Dan gave where 
um it might have been a little 
painful. I don't know but yeah. 
um she's a very good dancer 
with us and uh she's fine. and 
uh yeah but uh in the end, 
believe me, even it was pain, 
we enjoyed it. 
Okay. So, I mean from where you 
are now with uh the the German 
Eres Association and your um 
your accomplishments. Where do 
you see yourself about 5 years 
from now? both personally and 
uh with your group a student 
and a friend of mine who has 
anything just got in uh in a 
kung fu style asked me once I 
got a how does it feel? Isn't 
the aim gone? And I said, no, I 
feel I've arrived and I don't 
feel pressure anymore. um and I 
feel that people appreciate 
what we are doing and I don't 
really want to be any 
different. Um I want to 
continue what I'm doing. I want 
to have my students to learn to 
get better. I want to try to 
keep as good relation as 
possible to all uh MMA and what 
an honest people and groups all 
over the world. um and to to 
enjoy uh training with them and 
uh together we try to have as 
many groups as possible. We 
were over eighty groups in 
Germany before COVID. Nobody 
knows what's after COVID now 
but you know we we have that. 
We were close to 2000 members 
or a little a little below that 
which is for Germany not a bad 
number for one association in 
one style. um and we would like 
to expand on that. um and uh um 
I would just like to enjoy my 
time with my friends and and 
and students and you know, 
enjoy what we're doing and keep 
on learning because sometimes 
the white belts ask me, you 
know, can I do this? And I 
said, I never thought about 
that. Yes, But you can do that. 
Thank you. Of course, I stole 
it from you. Thank you very 
much. So, you can learn from 
from everybody and anybody you 
learn from your students, even 
the you know, sometimes it is 
that way. Yeah. Yeah. It's 
okay. That's alright. 
never-ending. Learning for us. 
Yeah. And and you know II don't 
have to hunt anything. I don't 
have to prove anything anymore 
and I um and and that that's 
nice. Uh that's uh that's nice 
and uh if people don't like me, 
that's fine. If you don't have 
to come to our seminars, you 
know, you can't please 
everybody. Yes. But um I don't 
I don't like to be the person 
that's tough and pisses 
everybody off and you know, I 
don't I don't need that for the 
I'd like to be nice and I'd 
like to be friendly and uh 
that's also if and that's 
definitely everywhere in the 
DMV, It doesn't matter if 
you're a white belt or if 
you're six or seventh time, we 
talk with to you the same way. 
So, we try not to have any 
attitude and um and we have a 
saying that says that uh 
Um the snakes. The fish stinks 
from the head. 
Okay. If my head is an idiot, 
you might be finding a lot of 
idiots following him and if you 
have a nice guy, you might find 
a lot of nice. If you are, if 
you are an excellent fighter, 
you might find a lot of 
fighters. If you are a bouncer 
or something that's really 
street fighting guy, you might 
find something like that. So, 
another thing we say is uh a 
like like to like attracts each 
other. Yes. So, I tried to be 
friendly. I try to encourage my 
my my instructors to be 
friendly, not to be arrogant, 
to accept any kind of question 
and not to say, are you 
Greenbelt? You just learn 
something and then once you get 
good, you can ask me. We don't 
want that. Um and I don't have 
seen that in many places but I 
did see it. Um sometimes and we 
just don't appreciate that and 
that's also I think what the 
people appreciate when they 
come to us that you don't 
really know if if uh the person 
you're working with uh are 
training with. if he's a fabric 
worker or if if if it's a 
doctor or a lawyer, you just 
don't know because yeah, there 
should be no no attitude. We we 
as a instructors try to show 
not uh no attitude and you 
know, that's we try that. 
That's yeah. Goes around from 
from the top to the bottom. 
Yeah. And I think it's life. 
life is too short to have all 
those all those dramas. Yes. 
Yes. Have to enjoy it. 
Sometimes it has to be done or 
you know, sometimes drama 
happens and you can't avoid it, 
right? But uh you know, you 
should hit the fan. You know, 
it comes to you 
and it 
comes back. Whatever you 
do, it comes back to you. Good 
or bad. Yeah. Yeah. Another 
thing we have is uh whatever 
you you shout into the forest, 
the echo comes back, Echo goes 
back. Yes, that's true. It goes 
back to you and if you try to 
to have positive and positive 
energy, good energy, positive 
uh positivity. that's which we 
hope that comes back and you 
know, talking about the 
students that are with me since 
25 years with at least with a 
few at work That's good. Yeah. 
Oh, okay. We've got Hea. Hea. 
and Beatrice. Yeah, I did enjoy 
all the classes then. thanks 
for your time. I was referring 
to the training this week. 
Anyway, 
Okay. Uh this will be here. 
Yeah. So, folks, do you still 
have any question for GMB? So, 
let us know. Just uh post it in 
the comment box, okay? Um so, 
do you offer services online? 
for those for those who would 
like to experience uh your 
teaching even though it's not 
face to face? Yes. Um during 
the COVID Times, I did a lot 
and I call it a lot because it 
was a live online training a 
lot. Um I didn't mainly in 
Germany but I also translated 
things um since beginning of 
the 90s, My main job besides 
being a chief instructor of the 
German an association is uh to 
produce martial arts, 
instructional videos. um uh 
from there also we've made uh 
seminar videos from seminars I 
did and also there's a lot um 
and uh I have my company. It's 
called Ani like the AB ANICO 
dot CA and I'm from Germany and 
English website and there I 
have many many martial arts 
videos. I mean, instructional 
videos which are different than 
seminar videos which are 
different than uh than a lot of 
videos. um because the 
instructional videos, I usually 
have two or three cameras and 
edit it all together and do 
dubbing afterwards and the live 
training of a lots of the 
seminars. It's more live 
training with one camera but 
you know, it's it's it's just 
different taste of it, right? 
So, um so there I offer a lot 
of um of contact different 
Filipino martial arts but not 
only that but also other today. 
Um uh that I felt uh behind me 
behind the camera and uh and 
edited uh everything. So, uh if 
you go um uh to WWW dot A dot 
CE and then click on the 
English flag. you come to the 
English website and uh yeah, 
I'm um and if you have any 
questions, just contact me from 
there on and uh and I'll be 
happy to to communicate with 
anybody of you. No worries. 
Yeah, yeah. So guys, I just the 
uh the link to um GM D. There's 
a page. So, if you that's 
that's the video video of it, 
right? We still have the 
association website which is 
WWW dot Modern. The ADE um and 
also my personal website is on 
there as well. Yeah. Okay. 
Yeah. Okay. 
it. I think we have covered 
quite a lot. of you. Yeah. 
Yeah. I mean, laughed a lot 
which is good. It's good 
actually and and and uh I mean 
with this interview IIIII 
learned quite a lot from you as 
well. So, thank you and and I 
saw that we shared the same the 
same uh the same mindset when 
it comes to teaching when it 
comes to practicing but it's 
I'm yeah II. I'm I'm I'm 
I'm I'm I'm I'm at all 
basically of what you did with 
modern and in Germany, your 
success there. That's basically 
Yeah. That's basically of how 
sincere you are when in your 
approach in teaching and 
training and in sharing more 
than I need to. Your students 
and around the world. Yeah. So 
and when whenever anybody is 
coming to Germany for holidays 
of a work trip or contact me 
and we try to set you up. 
Doctor Kelly Warren just 
recently wrote to me. we have 
got somebody who's working 
there. Uh do you have any 
connection? We We a group 
fifteen kilometers away him so 
that I could refer him to to 
that to that group. So, um 
either that or uh in uh first 
weekend of October, there's the 
camp uh grains in um in 
Connecticut. I don't know if I 
can come due to COVID 
traveling regulations of the 
Americans at the moment. I'm 
not allowed to enter the 
country If that changes, I will 
be there. I would be happy to 
see uh some people but we had 
uh I had the pleasure of 
meeting like Howard on the back 
or uh or many of the other 
people in the states because I 
teach every now and then there 
and it's always good fun. Um 
you know, to teach there and 
share whatever. um I have and 
they appreciate it. I'm I feel 
like. yeah. Yeah. If if if I'm 
going, if we are going to 
Germany, I'm going to let you 
know so I can visit you. Sure. 
Anytime and maybe and maybe 
join one of your classes as 
well. True. Yeah. But yeah I 
mean if if you got, if you got 
any any any events uh let me 
know. so I can like also like 
share it. Like I said, I said 
through FM a discussion and to 
the British Council uh page as 
well. So, um help you and if 
you're going this way, let me 
know as well. In a few years 
ago, I did several seminars 
with me. He was here a few 
times. I was there a few times. 
We had a lot of fun uh with the 
rabbits people there. It was 
great. Uh yeah maybe that comes 
back you know, anytime or if 
you have camps and once you 
know, just let me know. I want 
to see. Yeah, yeah yeah I will 
do I will do I will do I will 
do I will do I will do So, um I 
think that wraps up our 
interview now. Almost 2 hours. 
Yeah, 2 hours. It was a very 
good idea. It was a very good 2 
hours though. Sorry. No, it's 
alright. It's alright. I think 
Phoebe focus quite quite well 
on on on topics that were 
relevant. Yeah. So folks, I do 
hope that you had a great time. 
uh having uh GM for our FA 
interview. Um so, in behalf of 
all the moderators of FM a 
discussion, okay? We would like 
to thank you G-d. Thank you for 
the honor of being a program. 
Yeah. Uh ha ha ha ha. before, 
before we actually close, I 
forgot to ask one more 
question. Last one. Okay, what 
is um what is your message to 
the FMA community around the 
world? Yeah, it's it's sort of 
like a standard question that 
we ask from the interviews. 
train. Be happy. Have fun. 
Don't let the 
problems. get you distracted. 
Just focus on what you like and 
he tried to leave the politics 
as much out of out of the 
business as possible and just 
enjoy what you do. Share what 
you know. um train, respect 
your partners, respect your 
peers and your instructors and 
uh just have a good time and uh 
yeah, I think that's that's it. 
Enjoy your time that this year. 
That is that is a solid advice 
for everybody. Yeah and maybe 
we can have you one time again 
another time. do some demos. 
Whatever. if you want to. Yeah. 
Yeah. Do you see? do you see in 
my studio behind me? That's why 
I can do it. Yes, we can 
arrange that. We can arrange 
that. Yeah. So, we let's we can 
have a chat and then set 
another date for for whatever 
for another interview with 
demos and everything. Okay. 
Yeah. No. Okay. Alright. Thank 
you very much. GM again for 
coming. Thank you and thank you 
very much everybody for uh 
tuning in with us uh and I We 
do hope that you uh enjoyed the 
interview and learn as well as 
much as I did from JMD, sir. 
Yes. thank you for tuning in. 
Thank you for having me on the 
program. Big honor um and I 
enjoyed it. hope to meet you in 
person sometime. Yes, yes, 
definitely, definitely. Okay. 
Stay safe. Thank you. Bye. 
Okay, folks. So, once again, 
thank you for tuning in. Thank 
you for all these fantastic 
questions uh that you posted. 
uh for for GM D tattoo to 
answer Um We'll try to arrange 
another one with a GMT for some 
for some demos. Okay? So, it 
might be more of a theme type 
of interview but um Um before I 
say goodbye. uh again, we we 
still have the last uh last few 
days for the charity raffle. 
that I'm doing with FM a 
discussion, The raffle is going 
to be either this coming 
Saturday or Sunday. So, there's 
still a few more spots or slots 
um available for the taking. 
So, we appreciate your 
generosity, Okay. So, once 
again, thank you very much 
everybody. Signing off. 
