yo what's up everybody still boy JRE and
what about to check out Samuel one
featuring jung ilhoon from be to be
another comeback with the EP the one AP
this song is called one now big up to
Samuel heat a homie I want the real hot
[ __ ] oh my god you know no I got some
hot non play no bring if I knew that you
loved hot cheetos I would have given it
seems very do okay so when I met him he
the thing I know about said he's
improving each time I could tell he's
improving with music choice like choices
in his music his singing his dancing
he's improving so I can't really can't
wait when he grows a lot older and you
know get into that grown man is you know
like that body role in it I don't know I
haven't checked the EP yet so let's see
if it's changed even a lot more but I
see like seeing the progress of Samuel
growing and growing as an artist it's so
dope
dude it's just a genuine kid how would
the see right now actually hold on hold
he's sixteen seventeen eighteen he's
still kid he's a teenager man I just
can't wait to see him progress more and
more definitely a fan so anyway Sam oh
if you've seen this yo what's up I owe
you some hot cheetos
alright fam next time in Korea I'll
bring you some hot cheeto we can have a
mukbang of hot cheetos you down any
other anyways we about to check out
Samuel one featuring ilhoon from B to B
if you don't already know it alone from
B to B actually came out what she's gone
I know I didn't do a reaction beer but I
love that song she's gone such a good
song here I'll play a little bit about
hey hey okay hey hey hey hey hey she's
gone song but right now we about to
check out Samuel 1 so let's get it let's
go let's begin kid a Jie I am Luigi a
big fan of yours all away from Melbourne
Australia without further ado play my
intro Samuel 1 let's go let's hear this
bro brave sound
though he is growing however you're like
something 18 though
[Music]
okay we're going this route homie look
at me Xena su he's all grown now he's
all grown get them dance moves fan fail
I got captions on fill me babe wait
chill homie
oh you don't this B reminds me Oh baby
so confused
bro you look so cool
[Music]
such a pop sound obviously oh but this
PT reminds me of um you guys know Abbas
hunters Basshunter get the shoulder pads
and everything
[Music]
about tilting your head just one Hey
Jewish boy it doesn't mind me at base
honor
oh-oh-oh
I'll get your ladies Samuel hmm he's on
a music video
[Music]
No
each time he comes back he's I feel like
he's improving little by little I like
seeing that
[Music]
it feels like I know he's like young a
lot yeah I'm gonna be it feels like I'm
watching like I'm a father watching me a
son progress like that's my boy
dude you look cool cuz just one more a
lot more Cory on this one - they got the
bootleg Jabbawockeez in the back yo
respect to the backup dancers whoo dope
shot
[Music]
just blood okay get you you know he did
that little spin
okay
[Music]
you get yours BAM
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so I'm saying that he looks cool
because I remember when I first watched
watch candy with him and that was the
first time he never seen it and I
obviously I never seen it so because it
was unreleased at the time so he was
like so like oh do I look good do I look
good bro do I look good I'm like yeah
you look good he was so like you know
you you know do I look cool is it's like
you know it's weird look watching
yourself I should know when I'm editing
myself I'm like you know you cringed a
little bit but yo you look cool
you look dope I see you improving each
time I'm really proud of you and I'm
about to check your EP for show all
right Sam is EP 1 EP let's check out SOS
[Music]
SOS
[Music]
Kings brought some skirts cars
[Music]
this one's called princess I don't feel
like this song is gonna be for me
because uh I wouldn't kind of consider
myself a princess again I think each
comeback he's improving I don't want to
be a playboy you sure about that I can't
sleep alright let's check I can't sleep
oh that beat though
[Music]
that's a song that's a good I like that
cool
[Music]
relatable oh okay oh okay that's that
song for me I'm gonna put that in the
playlist I can't sleep that song alright
I feel that I feel that I clap your
hands is up next
oh [ __ ] oh you going hard we going hard
okay oh yeah I got it from my daddy
okay okay okay wait hold up I don't know
if I could I get bumped in it though not
just because it's not it's not because
it's high just like the fact that you
saying searching for know young young
girls I'm Way too old to be doing that I
I'm the type that I just need to settle
down so I mean I'll turn up with you
it's relatable to y'all know I can see
the to the choreo better go in on that
it's not the last one is just a while
oh [ __ ] we slowing it down again he's
like super young he has time to develop
even more into a better artist I feel
just a while
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah okay from the AAP I'm definitely
feeling one SOS I can't sleep clap your
hands go Howard but he says searching
for their young girls I can't I can't I
can't do with that
[Music]
see I can't really bump to that I'll be
that would be weird as hell I'm like if
it was like searching for my next wife
wife wife yeah I'll be I can't be
possibly searching searching searching
for the young girls girls got like 27
even though I don't look 27 I'm 27 but
uh I mean for you you do you do you boo
but not for me but I can't sleep SOS one
is definitely gonna be on the playlist
yo
Samuel keep on doing you alright y'all
thank you guys for watching like this
video share this video and subscribe got
a new video out called please donate
featuring big Matthew from card go check
it out link the description and see you
guys still next time I yeah hey
[Music]
[Music]
ha ha ha ha
[Music]
