that's an interesting texture what is
that but i'm still gonna disown you
you said it was so oily
hey my name is bianca i'm going to be
trying three different characters by
different moms and i'm going to try and
guess which one's my mom's hopefully i
don't disappoint her
if they don't get it right then they'll
be designed
the caricare is a filipino dish it's
actually a peanut stew caregiver is
usually eaten on special locations
traditionally made with oxtail and beef
tribe and it's usually served with
shrimp paste on the side you mix it a
little bit of the karakuri with the
shrimp paste and some veggies and eat it
with rice i don't remember too strongly
what my mom's katakana dish tastes like
do you think alex will be able to
recognize your one i don't think so i
will be very very surprised about which
one is mine we do cook correct at home
she will guess my version i think i hope
i don't eat filipino food too often is
she listening to me right now
[Laughter]
oh no i think this is tofu it's a
mystery meat that's a tribe never heard
of tribe i don't think my mother uses
trying i think that's eggplant there's
beans maybe this is my mom's oh my god
she said it's mine i'm just very worried
if i get this wrong the pressure is on
that's an interesting texture what is
that oh tripe let's try it's the lining
of the stomach oh
[Music]
it nice very good very peanut buttery
and very creamy i can't believe you made
her eat um tribe
it kind of tastes like pure fat which i
don't usually eat
bro
i remember my mom uses a certain type of
peanut butter and it doesn't taste like
it the beef is nice
very soft because it doesn't really eat
the ox stripe so i put the beef on it oh
my god this is gonna be so much harder
than i thought it was gonna be it's very
nutty the meat's really good but it's a
bit harder i can probably eat this whole
thing nothing like except maybe the
tribe i don't think
i don't think i really like that one
maybe i'd say maybe mums
oh more tribe okay so maybe it's just a
thing in karakate oh i think this is my
mom's no it's not mine what's giving it
away
is that whole chunk of meat with the
bone in it that's not mine it definitely
smells different oh my gosh this has a
little bag in it which is shrimp paste
which i'm allergic to so this is
definitely not my mom's the meat is huge
very easy to pull apart
similar to the one before it has like
tripe
and bok choy and beans but this one is
like oily it's definitely a lot stronger
and as i said my mom cooks very plain
not very plain but like she's hearing
all this
not too in-depth with spices so this one
i feel like has a lot of spices oh he
knows he knows how i cook yeah not as
peanutty as the other one you can taste
the meat more in this one than the other
one and i really like that katakado is
really good she says
it's good so i better cook it more
that's not how my mom cooks eggplant i
cook the eggplant differently to stand
out
and she didn't
get that this one is very delicious i
think i really like the shrimp paste as
well oh
i am so glad she likes bhagawa she's a
true filler i'm pretty sure this one is
in my mom's coz shrimp paste and i'm
pretty sure she won't kill me on purpose
i'm leaning towards this one being my
mum's oh it's the fact that the meat is
huge and i know for a fact my mom
doesn't put huge chunks of meat in her
kayaker oh no
one smells like the most different out
of all though so same kind of
ingredients i don't think it has a
shrimp paste this one also has a bone i
don't want to roast this do not roast
mine i just love option b's one of how
easy it was to pull apart eat it first
beef is a little bit
is that bone i don't know what i'm doing
the way that the beans are like in this
one is so different thank god it's huge
not mom's it's not nutty enough this one
has i think a lot more oil this one's
quite salty i can kind of barely taste
the peanut butter in this one oh no she
roasted mine that's it the beef is
really nice very well cooked i don't
know if my mom would cut
the peas diagonally like this yes i
would oh my god okay i'm sorry i i
totally failed my child the way that the
eggplant is cut up is not the same as my
mum's the way that the beans i cut up is
not like my mom's
it's a lot more bonier or maybe i just
got a bony piece like when it's just
meat i just like straight meat i don't
like to have to like dig through it and
stuff so i don't think this one
is hers either yeah i think that's how
he knows it yeah i wouldn't cook
bones i think he'll guess it correctly
so option a is probably the most strong
with the peanut taste bee is like almost
perfectly balanced he had zucchinis in
it which makes that special i think my
mum's one is b
i'm sorry
[Music]
are you
seriously i am
seriously proud that you ate but you
freaking love it yeah i've been avoiding
it but i'm still gonna disown you
how many times have i cooked for you i'm
so embarrassed
you're gonna start paying rent that's
for sure
so the first one was really nutty and
creamy which is the most similar to my
mom's the second one has bag in it and
the way that the eggplant has been
cooked is different as well the last two
also had huge chunks of meat and my mom
didn't have that in her current care so
i think that the first one's my mom
oh my god i'm like afraid this is mine
the second one
without saying biaka was right i would
cook the veggies differently separately
usually i cook the eggplants this time
i pan fried it oh my god you literally
duped me
how was i supposed to know oh my god i
wanted you to choose this but see what
was it
you said it was so oily
no but if you had done it like the
proper way that you usually do it i
still would have gotten it so the first
one i really enjoyed it wasn't too crazy
in flavor the second one it probably was
the one with the most flavor and the
third one tasted really good but there
was like a little bit more oil than
usual like as i said my mom keeps her
food really clean not much oil at all so
i'm going to say
that the first one i tried was my mom's
karakore yes he got it right watching
you actually i was so impressed of how
you observe each ingredients in each of
the dish i felt proud because you know
you know who am i through my cooking
clean minimal that's how i really cook
i'm very very proud thanks for watching
and if you want to find out more about
karakuri and other filipino dishes you
can follow the filipino food movement
australia on instagram and facebook
[Music]
