hey everybody its marine from Asian boss
can you imagine what it would be like to
live in a country where you can get
married but not divorced in the
Philippines divorce is still illegal but
the Filipino government is in the
process of legalizing divorce and it's
creating a heated debates so let's cut
our Asian boss reporter Jarek and Manila
to find out more about this controversy
married Nepal bio D Papa an amoeba
well a Pumas are we go Misawa yo sorry
Maggie goodbye boy Miyazawa c villa
ksama Hawaiian so in the comic Asad
sagrado son Castle certainly disability
Nastasia Goro EP nappa sayin cussing
aduba Delavan Ellen Tigh Sabanci you've
Attica and then young Philippines there
are young Hindi Telugu mckernon and
avoids bill Filipinos at you but the
conceit in along Saban mundo agua la
pomme de ver la cocina man Philippian
filipinas I mean lapa hadami own castle
we follow the law of God what God had
helped put together let no man separate
in the Philippines
Cassady Cassio cara mia' numata so most
of the people here they believe in the
sanctity of the marriage and we are
conservative people talaga or most of
the things that oppose our religion
English Agata except especially the
elderly biggest opponent government you
before it's built a legacy Linda Mae
pasa Depot virgin everbody Bonita now
echidna coolers America samosa trabajo
getting adorning a ERISA Congress and I
pinup as any legal name divorce
disability penis it's a team of telugu
kanchana may pasado mmm chance at
Allegheny mo pasa my encountered an
alien problem everyday they not the same
time in the Senecas window yes
especially marami Tyumen representatives
nah
the Hindi perfect and marriage Neela so
Massimo soon with nila yourself
interesting about the persecution a
Malakal chance though I think Marisa
long hidden agenda behind Etna since
Noah numerous medical personnel in my
own
leymah issued public or national second
no it's our I believe is up and on a on
Malakian chance of my passing divorce
bill kahit na most of us are Catholic
people
Mata's drinka see young rates eaten mara
manga abuses like you know some manga
but asawa so kite naman reported Molina
it's a shame preeminent but in young
hindi mandira report and closes of
artists in Omaha Filipinos Yuma Burnham
instances human emotional trauma and
abusive religion very big personal coach
trainer Philippines and young government
and uh no one can eat a loaf of Italian
Church but I'm in the moon bracelet in
Anka nah he possessed a from Gracie on
the boards Casa la D talaga Hina hiya
annum dancing Bank at all eco-otome
diverse disability when looking issue
Mirai clearly open a Filipino chambray
young male bands I'm a protest over
Malakand Gullu
I approved the circuit boards built
arrow 80 percent minimum Philippine Army
relation-back you know wellin actually
what animal are showing cuz it since
maraming nominal Christians are
Pilipinas of his channel and supper
people similar to me and not a Pollock
on paper I'm not a practicing Catholic I
don't believe in any religious system
neguin convict not only push up a
robotic mission and divorce blew a
bubble casts a yuca goes to an Indian
setting in go by Omega Saba Deepika
Mohan and divorce bill taught him about
it or backing me what I saw in Hindi I
think ya mus mug and then a gallon in
Paris among about that but not even I
young parents I guess I wanna make even
among about Anna Nagar our way sitting
in your pub much Maha book in a
Machiavellian Ellen Priscilla at the
helm appalling divorce I'm gonna sock
asylum who ended up at mug always ahead
up naman about that I am pro with
divorce bill but I still have my own
reservations as to how the people will
use the words bill boom mouth a booty
butt Allegretto for their families or
mugging foolish' for destruction of
families
diverse at the table I say para maana
nothing a pool of young tau para
you like so Sulaco Sigma Bacchus allah√∂
total at least for now becoming a cargo
look at me whenever I come up on the
mana bar sorry in talega much smoke and
a well on the worst panic mahila kalyan
for ever
Dominica Hassan - positive PPD team
examiner
Omega I will indeed Mao era or Soros a
merit
battle arabic surah muhammad attending
TC pan nyow telega dues a divorce kena
cerca de laranja bamboo high a determine
on demands upon onion will add a man
telegin anyon it is basically contracts
okay nothing going on my god or nothing
say no contracts are smoking legally
like a young person takes our team young
people
mondaya so team about the patella
gelding imported ships are cassava
shamefully Cassie propagated in Hawaii
taco meat rest at home if faithfulness
kappa Danza careless careless honest
Nanak Papa Russa some Salmonella lucky
to let adult Airy in Sabah a concubine
age disability penis know what and
unjust alike a Pyrrhic Baba well yeah
mattis natal by Wolper in talaga so what
Nanette I don't go in look at Papa
abusiveness among partner okay Olympus
economic Iran and divorce but then
intelligence equation ok dementia I say
is he finding at a new situation
unfamiliar sobrang Guillot you abusive
father Hindi net Baba go Jim Barton
effect or annulment pedagogic fell
annulment eater subpoenas but
relationship new a Malibu no kala Gandhi
no and no your own para you need
abortion SMS much smaller
unlike annulment Cassie sovereign Mahalo
like a very expensive maja buying
process or ki young it but telega musst
auch in a Maggie Whelan Ellen pero in
papers castle Scylla in a way one person
a perilous Miami New London I you see
noon judiciary system not in a that but
you may hear about Miriam and fun tailor
some other Nevada's Satine is a Toma
Gundam step towards being a progressive
country now yet I stopped lumen open in
Nevada
ha ha Sally pan and boom burger salad
island Jose Augusto lemon juice
Milana forgiving divorce ah sorry Paco
Mahalo cocina very rarely just turned to
him Philippines yes Simon Ammann
different brain Atilla happened in ma
approved mob mentality many are in a
condo Sabinas in vans just little
absently following along 1990 didn't
live in a balance of facts now renting
advantages Canada disadvantages when in
fact that but when tackling onion showed
up at both sides of meeting and lo a
pair of Mecca in Iranian Amanda I'm
opinion a so we should respect around
you more opinions than Bhagwat Issa then
come diuretic Manti disappoint my garden
sealer along with a decided saladna long
didn't only decide here - boss we do
these street interviews to capture real
people's perspectives and to get
everybody think critically on various
social issues and now it's your turn in
general do you think divorce should be
legalized or not record your video
response to this question and upload it
on YouTube with this title you can
record it with your phone anywhere even
from your room like this
hey this is Jamie and I just watched the
Asian boss video and recording my
reaction the church and or government
should not get involved in people's
personal life especially when it comes
to love affair I mean there's such thing
as a freedom of belief the government or
religion should not be the sole moral
standard when it comes people getting
divorced or doing anything with their
lives we will select the best responses
and will include them in one of our
future videos for more authentic insight
into the latest news and cultural trends
all over Asia be sure to subscribe to
Asian boss thanks for watching and see
you in the next video
[Music]
