hey yo what's up everybody it's your boy
JRE right now we're about to check out
icons bday why this better be my new
bday song like I said in the first one I
didn't bling-bling first if you haven't
seen that yet go check it out a reaction
to big bling-bling
jungyeon and yeah that [ __ ] was lit I
broke myself I just woke up and nothing
woke my ass up so go check that one out
this one's bday and like I said in the
first reaction video to icon I mean
bling bling I mean they change their
stage names to genuine jhr moves Chan
dong-hyuk is DK eun-hyung is song Bobby
bi and Juniata singh enough talking
let's go let's begin name it's kind of a
new city I'm from Indonesia I'll really
love hip-hop and our motive enzyme
endless and felt like you so play my
intro
[Music]
let's go come on let's get it
Oh what do you about to do
oh I saw the teaser to this there might
[Music]
they about to give them contacts
[Music]
we got
[Music]
well he had blonde blonde here then but
that was body wouldn't put on here right
and I mean yeah I got a little too I
they're like the beginning how we
celebrate well I like this shirt that's
how guys can win I like when like what
hey your name love his voice what's good
Jammu what's good
everybody Joe hi I don't know how'd it
go
[Music]
okay you guys dance boys okay hey we
should get and give up going even harder
to jeju-do you willing though
[Music]
the person that I don't know all these
bees I'm just kind of weird what's
happening what's going on you look like
the Thomas train face blond hair
everybody I just realize that most of my
blood look like make three or four of
them no that's everyone right Ana
well he got some nice teeth or the white
is showing
okay Dan that girl was like this like uh
and then you know be I was like
[Music]
so much I would like I con recognition
I'm really good fathers but I'm still a
little bit sleepy ah thank you
you know lately sleeping informations
that's my phone ringing Oh what is this
continuation composed by airplay Oh King
looks like who is calling stop pranking
me bro
freaking birthday definitely feeling
bling bling morning bday this one was
pretty hyped as well and it feels like
you know it will get the party hype
Bobby I'd be messing with that bling Lee
maybe because bling bling was the first
thing I heard - I don't know you told me
in the comments down below what you guys
think leave your comments in the comment
section yo like this video share this
video and subscribe this your boy jr.
Ephraim jr. each from what the boy Jerry
from junior you came out I'll be on my
six beautiful people listen to the kpop
it feels good listen to music it feels
good listener I kind of feels good this
is my beat nuts not my beat in but it's
like it's it's beating excuse me again
thank you guys for always supporting a
channel like I said I reached nine
hundred thousand subscribers that's
freaking crazy like I never think I
would reach this far but it's all
because he also I bow down to y'all and
thank you guys for accepting me for who
I am
uh because that's all I can say oh yeah
it's this new kids begin that's why they
changed names too anyways I got
sidetracked uh yeah I mean that's who I
am and think guys for accepting me
because I that's the best thing that can
happen it's like accept me for who I am
that's keep on dreaming dreaming stream
believe do repeat if you have a dream
out there put some hard work into it and
it might just come true okay hard work
oh yeah
see you next video alright buddy hey you
better subscribe
[Music]
yo can you watched itop for me like for
real like it's all good like you don't
have to but yeah you okay let's go
[Music]
ha ha
[Music]
