i don't know what it is about mochi i
think it's because it's got some of my
favorite textures that's soft and chewy
i recently bought myself a box of sweet
rice flour from my local asian market
and wanted to try to make some mochi at
home i watched this youtube video where
they flavored it using a mango malona
bar but one of my favorite dessert
flavors is ube which is a purple yam
native to the philippines represent
the flavor is often compared to a
mixture between vanilla and pistachio so
i melted the ube malona and added it to
one half cup sweet rice flour and a
third cup sugar
then i steamed it in a pot for 15
minutes stirring halfway through once
that was done i used cornstarch to
powder the super soft dough and rolled
it to about a quarter inch thick it was
super sticky then i finally cut out the
circles and filled them with a red bean
paste then i closed them up
and topped them with coconut flakes it
was a lot messier than i expected but
i'm glad i tried it because they were
delicious a touch sweeter than i'd like
but still yummy and honestly
