hello everybody this is Doug and today
I'm coming to you from a brand new
country for me the Philippines so I'm
here in Manila right now I'm here with
Molly everyone say hi hi so today is
just going to be my first impressions
walking around hopefully eat some very
delicious food and show you some of the
sites that you can find here in this
gigantic Asian Mega city of Manila okay
guys so where we are right now the first
stop today is Jose Rizal Park and Jose
Rizal is kind of the national hero of
the Philippines he was a resistance
figure during these Spanish colonial
rule and he was eventually actually
executed by the Spanish occupation in
1896. he was a poet and a propagandist
for the independence movement and so
this park is dedicated to him it's right
in the center of Manila very beautiful
very green lots of families here on this
Sunday just enjoying the nice weather
but extremely hot weather I'm probably
going to be several shades redder by the
end of this video but we're doing our
best
okay guys what else
um so we had breakfast this morning we
stopped off at a little cart on the road
where we had beef CC
sizzling plate of delicious meat and egg
and beef Paris which was this uh beef
soup very delicious what did you think
very delicious very good anyway we're
gonna be continuing on we're heading
towards intramuros which is the oldest
part of the city of Manila and
apparently it is totally preserved as it
was during Spanish
during the Spanish colonial era here and
apparently it's one of the most
beautiful parts of a city let's go all
right guys here we are we are entering
the old walled City so the entire thing
is still surrounded by this wall you can
see the name right there intramuros and
here we go a lot of people here selling
tours and whatnot they're saying there's
no way we can do it all on put which is
probably true but we're gonna start out
on foot and see what we see and then
maybe we'll get a ride for some of it
let's take a look and just enjoy it here
we go
[Music]
love these stores guys they're just
convenience stores but they're covered
in these trees and plants
and nice and Shady which is very
important because it is very very hot
here not quite a rock hot but it's
getting there so everything is colonial
here guys you've even got the Starbucks
in this nice
Colonial setting
very cool I actually love when the
modern Brands kind of integrate into
these historical places
I just think it's cool
adoration Chapel from 1571 wow
so the guys that are trying to sell us
the tours outside were saying it was
going to take us five or six hours to
walk around this place to see the three
main sites which are a couple of
churches and uh Santiago Port Santiago
Port is the furthest one I just put it
in Google maps and it's a 15 minute walk
from here
so
just be aware of these kind of tourist
offers outside places like this because
they're not always telling you
everything turns out it is perfectly
walkable in here and very pretty with
all the old buildings okay so with that
being said we have reached the first
stop which is Saint Augustine church or
San Augustine here it is it is over 450
years old
very cool let's go inside I'm mainly
excited to get out of the Sun for a
second
okay guys so we just came out of the San
Augustine church we're walking along now
and we're coming up to this church a
second church and this is the Manila
Cathedral it was actually built in 1571
in the same year as Saint Augustine and
uh we're gonna head inside in a second
this Square here actually really really
reminds me of like squares that I've
seen in Mexico which makes sense because
it's another uh Spanish colony and a lot
of times in Mexico you'll see you know a
big Cathedral on a Central Square like
this with food vendors and you know
trees and flowers and all sorts of
things around so cool to see that
similarity on the other side of the
world
[Music]
oh
[Music]
okay surprise guys we walked in there
and saw a wedding happening so I got to
see the Bride come down the aisle and
everything and everyone was dressed up
very nicely apparently at weddings in
the Philippines it's not only the bride
who can wear white because there were a
lot of other ladies wearing white
dresses and so we weren't sure who it
was at first but then it was very clear
we're continuing on now we've got one
more stop here in intramuros and then
we're heading over to the Chinatown area
to grab some food so stick around okay
guys we have arrived at our last stop
which is Port Santiago this place also
dates back to 1571 so the Spanish were
building a lot here obviously during
that time period and uh since then it
has served as a base for occupation
forces from Spain the UK Japan and the
US really really nice place here close
to the water in Manila all right guys so
you can see the building behind me here
looks very different than the Spanish
Colonial architecture that we've seen
around a lot of the rest of intramuros
that's because this is actually U.S
military Barracks so U.S occupied the
Philippines as a US US Territory from
1898 all the way until
1946. 10 hours after the Japanese
attacked Pearl Harbor in 1941 they
actually began an attack on the U.S
territory of the Philippines now after
the Japanese captured Manila they
actually used these U.S army barracks as
a prison and it says right here that
they actually imprisoned senator elpidio
quirino who would actually go on to
become the second President of the
Philippines in the newly independent
Philippines so just an incredible amount
of history that has happened here from
all different phases of uh of this of
this country's history
[Music]
good
[Music]
morning
all right guys so now we've entered the
main part of Fort Santiago this is the
plaza de armas or like the square of
guns cannons that sort of thing this has
the true Spanish Colonial architecture
Vibe this dates all the way back to the
1500s like I said and this is the most
fortified part of the fort because it
kind of sticks out right to the edge of
the sea and we're gonna go check out
that out in one second
[Music]
okay guys and straight out of that
tunnel we come to
the end of the pasig river which comes
from within Manila
and drains out that way into the Bay of
Manila
I'm on the outer wall yeah this is the
edge of the fort now we are going over
to binondo which is the Chinatown area
of Manila it is very hot it's time to go
eat some even hotter noodles and
dumplings perfect
[Music]
way to the Chinatown of Manila also
known dinondo this is a very popular
mode of transportation here
here is part of town
and I'm all over the place
all right and there he goes so that's
how it works
there's another one
there's the the Chinese dragons on the
lampposts and you can see here even uh
the signs for a lot of the stores or
Banks or whatever have Chinese
characters on them
pretty cool
all right guys we have made it inside uh
this place is called Chuan Ki apparently
it's the oldest fast food place in
Chinatown it's been around since 1940. I
didn't even realize that it was so
famous when I looked it up because I
just found it on Google Maps but there
was a line out the door it took about
25-30 minutes which I hope was worth it
I think it will be because the food
looks and smells amazing this Chinatown
vinondo here in the Philippines is
actually the oldest Chinatown in the
world it was started in the 1500s
[Music]
oh thanks I know that was for you
all right guys so this is stir fried
chami it's called has a little bit of
seafood I think a little bit of pork
maybe some chicken not really sure but
it is delicious
all right and then we've also got some
shrimp dumplings here off the dim sum
menu Molly do you want to do the honors
go ahead give it a try yeah
and chili oil oh my God that was almost
a disaster
what was that oh gosh oh gosh okay cut
cut Oh no I got it I got it
okay oh well done
oh how was it really good okay I want to
try here we go
with the chili oil yeah it's so good and
last up we've got some xiaolong Bao or
soup dumplings
it's hot delicious
not too hot and normally you're supposed
to bite the edge and like drink the soup
out but I didn't feel like there was
enough room on the spoon so I just went
for it it's safe to do so you can you
can go ahead now now that you know it's
safe
big mouthful
good very good all right so we're gonna
finish up here and then we'll see you in
a few
[Music]
okay guys we're walking along and we've
come to a market it's like a pet market
like the one that we saw in my Mexico
City videos but unlike there you are
allowed to film here so check out these
very cute puppies
hello hello
you got golden retrievers you got a
little husky
you got some uh oh it's so cute
they're very happy and excited
you get stuck in there oh he's biting
the wire wow
and we've got some parakeets
more doggos look at this is that a Chow
Chow wow so cute man these are tiny tiny
tiny tiny the size of my hand
amazing I asked the price of one of the
puppies and it was 5 000 Filipino pesos
which is like 90 US dollars
not bad
okay and we asked about the Huskies and
they're ten thousand so like 180 dollars
oh look at the little kittens
we've got kittens here yes hello
dark fairy tan
yes hello
how much are the kittens
two thousand pounds wow okay
so that's like 40 bucks 36 or something
wow for a kitten how old are they uh
three months three months huh
so cute
alrighty guys I think now is a good time
to end the video always good to end with
puppies so I hope you enjoyed it it was
just a quick look at some of the main
things that you can come and see here in
Manila the Philippines but other than
that thanks so much for watching and
I'll see you in the next one bye-bye
