so highlight yes I'm a little bit late
to this my bad but I always like to say
I would want to say highlight which was
beef before obviously after the whole
thing if you know what happened oh hi
mean to come into picture
hi my formerly known as beast they made
so much hits as beasts they are so beast
but since fricken you know cube
entertainment want to be a little be the
business end it's a little beeyotch so
they keep want to keep the name and not
make them use beast and you know so now
they're called highlight anyways you
already know what's good so let's take
this out let's go let's begin yeah I'm a
crush bomb I don't I fit risk especially
because I'm attending big and I love
zion.t and Malo as well and I play my
intro
it's so beautiful and yes it is very
much so
beast you are still beautiful music that
you make is still beautiful to this day
and it's going to still be beautiful as
you continue on a journey
anyways let's begin oh [ __ ] and already
with the piano now y'all right now it's
going to be like one of those songs what
was that
that by then go oh my god is that a song
y'all have to make a song like their
debut song even though they're not
really pretty group as highlight has
this kind of emotional song the movies
though I can't see it some reason
somebody else
Oh is he doing
oh the DOMA filmmaker or or or our
photographer the plasto packing up movie
on like a brooch
you're not Roach check the brooch oh
[Music]
that's what his girl so emotionally bad
like I'm getting connected with oh he's
getting married too he's on a date oh
[Music]
girl you
[Music]
what no way what just happened I don't
even want to grab all right I'm a
missing baby I don't know what has
happened I'm so I think I've missed
something
almost the read reveal you got to talk
to him he's a film basically Daniel owe
me
she got about that life now I want to be
friends instead or you Matt he just do
something and you like girl oh he's
gonna deny him don't you know it's like
this whole vibe of this freakin music
video
oh he oh no it's that time a hit
[Music]
oh my god it was like a it's like a
low-key wedding dress happening hey I'm
Wayne dress girl you let that his place
oh he's the best man but is he like the
girl oil just so many connections who is
that located I was Jenny for a second
from black taking the picture but
obviously I don't think it was yes girl
he put that in your pocket he got is she
gone maybe it sounded like to let things
go that kind of thing right Oh what if
that was an interesting kind of
highlight is this a title track of the
album or or is it a pre debut title
track I don't know that you know I'm
talking about
God yo the movie was actually really
interesting I was really I got caught up
high
yes like Usher did sing lyrics actually
as if the street knows that I'm without
you it embraces me
I was afraid things would feel too
unfamiliar but now it's alright don't
worry about me the break-up you left
behind is bitter but the love was so
precious because even this pain is from
you I'm able to smile so this baby of
them able to let go of the past came to
me and my dreams I'll do a new dream her
tears stream down my cheek you're still
so beautiful
ah that's about straight beasts
highlight just want to give them all one
big Oh for a second like for a good hot
minute not for a minute oh I like a hug
form is really awkward because a minute
is really long if you think about it I
like the it was nice I don't know if
I'll be like putting this on replay on
my iPhone to be honest with you because
I don't like too many sad songs it's
weird I like our be sad songs but if
it's like these not even kissing this
cuz they're like a ballad in a way
moving on kind of song so maybe yeah
what I usually pong replay they you know
I have checked out deal I toured a songs
d-day MV I just didn't want to reaction
because I'm not sure with a Japanese
music even though it's under YG I don't
want like took the risk because last the
mountain I've seen people to deaf
Japanese music instance like copyright
strike I'm like a nuts I don't want to
nah I try to stay away from it even if
it is under a name but I have listened
to it I really like it like I'll play a
little bit right now actually
they saw no voices like a brush-up fresh
air so in the comments of this uh the
music group said dear Daesung your voice
is divine you sing like an angel have
fun on your dome tour thank you for
lifting the spirits of VIPs with
emotions in your song with love a VIP
and love ah
even in music videos and variety shows
that he put some on my face but anyways
I just want to put out that I have
listened to it because people are asking
and I just want to put that in there
even though it's not about de song it
said its highlight for me Donuts piece
I'm not gonna put that in the title but
highlight both two beautiful songs a
song PDA and highlight it's so beautiful
anyways guys thank you guys for watching
like this video share this video
subscribe this your boy Jerry from JRE
km/l love you're my sexy beautiful
people to all the things I talk about
today link in description down below
I'll put a link out there and yeah mom I
want to go to Mexico que con Mexico see
you guys there I'm basically almost done
packing and I decided to do a reaction
for y'all because y'all deserve it and I
just want to check out the music video
myself too anyways thank you guys for
watching
but hey you better subscribe
[Music]
okay cool
[Music]
