in today's video I'm gonna be checking
out the famous Filipino celebrities with
foreign blood from our competitors a lot
of mix foreign blood celebrities in the
Philippines so I'm just curious you know
I want to find out more I have to say
there's a lot of really good-looking
Filipino celebrities that is all I could
say I stumbled across you know the top
10 world videos chase the top 10 world
presents Filipino celebrities with
foreign blood 5 Filipino half foreign
Filipino stars you didn't know five
hours later famous Filipino celebrities
with foreign blood you didn't know I'll
drop the link down below if you want to
have a look at the original video okay
so let's get started
top ten world presents Filipino celebs
with foreign blood you didn't know
okay it's a long intro there Marian
Rivera yeah I have seen her before and
some TV dramas in the Philippines and
commercials
so was born to a Spanish Spanish father
I don't know what's going on Spanish
father and a Filipino mother fair enough
now Philippines was conquered by Spain
at one point so makes sense
but it's oh she's half Spanish half
Filipino okay Jacqueline Jose or Josey
hopefully I pronounced that right okay I
don't know her I haven't seen her before
but in TV or anything
also known as Mary Jane
Santa kind of read it I was way too
quick for
enchong dee I think that's how you
pronounce it right
I know I deserve um what what foreign
blood is here yeah Filipino Chinese
actor okay
I remembered a being is a Chinese
surname
maybe but Donita rose yes she used to be
in channel v thing back in the days okay
Danita Rose is the oldest daughter for
American father and Filipino mother okay
hero Peralta let me guess Japanese
here paralysis eyes make him a legit
Filipino Japanese but you could tell
someone from their eyes he's Japanese I
mean I could tell from his name because
it's hero but Gillian warned the Chilean
pronounce that right as well I don't
know these people never seen them before
half American half a Filipino okay well
it did say Tardos famous Filipino
celebrities before blood you didn't know
somebody don't know any of them ken-chan
okay another what half Filipino half
Chinese
the video Chinese celebrity in the East
industry nah don't know him
never seen his face before bear Alonzo
yeah she is famous I've seen her in
movie posters before yeah she's very
very famous
she's you're half Filipino and half
British okay in the UK
and it was his DJ Falcon another half
American half Filipino
biological father is French French as
well so what half French half Filipino
and Kurtis year I've seen her as well
she's very fair she's very famous um I
think her boyfriend or fianc√© her
husband is a youtuber or urban maybe
she's born to an Australian father said
she he's half Filipino half Australian
right like caitriona great the Miss
Universe lady everyone's claiming her
her apartment she's from Australia even
though she pretend to live in the
Philippines anyways I'm sure she's bound
to be name can't pronounce a name but
this one Jill or guilt
Spanish father and Filipino mother okay
what if you have Spanish half Filipino
obviously this again with Filipino be
Philippines being a Spanish ball hard
Evangelista yes I have seen her before
as well previously in like TVs and
posters and stuff
hi philippine mm sir have to pick cars
from Filipino Chinese right okay she
doesn't look Chinese I didn't know about
that one
that's news to me okay who else you have
here Tom Rodriguez let me guess
either for either half Spanish half
Mexican don't know him as long race by
his American father who is an a u.s.
Navy servicemen what okay so half
American half Filipino
don't know him never seen him before as
law
that's it cool all right just stop this
for a minute so there you have it a
famous Filipino celebrities with foreign
blood that you don't know it didn't know
the Manos some of them I've seen them in
movie posters TVs advertisements and
stuff so comment down below let me know
who's the most famous half Filipino have
something in the Philippines would love
to hear from you really looking to find
out who is the most famous half Filipino
have something celebrities in the
Philippines right now okay because this
top ten video is relatively old but two
years old right that's really it for
today thank you so much for dropping by
and hanging out with me if you enjoyed
this video remember to give it a like I
really appreciate it and subscribe to my
channel for more videos and remember
guys my goal this year is to hit 10,000
subscribers so please please please
subscribe if you haven't thank you so
much in the fence anyways this is Dennis
I'll see you in the next video bye
