you know Life's Too Short until I find a
wife I'm meeting here a lovely lady and
if you don't mind me asking what's your
monthly budget like do you think someone
can live here for under $1,000 us a
month now before we jump into today's
video I want to take this second to let
you know about a brand new online
community I've started where you have
access to full training videos access to
a private Community where people share
tips tricks and also access to me in a
private setting where we can ask your
questions regarding anything to do with
travel now I've been lucky enough to do
this for the past 3 years full-time to
live my life live my dreams my passions
and I want to share all that knowledge
with you guys so go ahead and join
living abroad club.com the link is in
the description of this video and in the
comment section now let's get out there
and ask some people if you could live
here for under a th000 bucks hi what's
your name my name is Vincent where you
from I'm from England and what brings
you down here to the Philippines uh well
aside from you know the Beautiful the
girls okay Beach and the girls I like
the honesty man I really appreciate that
how long have you been here um just over
one year one year amazing do you live
here in b or a different place I've been
Sabu been DTI okay and now I'm in uh a
lot of people wonder if you can live in
the Philippines for under $1,000 what
would you say about that yeah you might
get a little bit thin
yeah uh well yeah you can do it right I
think so I think so as well how long do
you think you'll stay here uh until I
find a wife oh is that what you're
looking for have you been on many dates
yeah I had a girlfriend in seu city but
separate unfortunately didn't work out
huh what's the big difference between
Western woman in in England and woman
here I think the girls here
area Gua they're beautiful huh I know
that word all right man thank you so
much for your time I appreciate it hi
what's your name Rob where are you from
Australia what brings you down here to
the Philippines I just travel around
seeing the beautiful places here okay
how long have you been here here um four
years four years that's a long time have
you lived here consecutively or do you
go go and come back I had to go over to
Hong Kong for a week while my my Visa
you had to extend my Visa three years so
I just St awesome what do you like the
most about the Philippines the beaches
and the people it's a lot of fun I like
it here do you have a favorite Beach
anywhere specific you visited ah there's
lots this many I like I like up north
subu in Bain Island I like I like B
there's some beautiful places there um I
like Sig hor and and and barakai as well
so many beautiful places now you've been
here a while is there still something
you can't get adjusted to I can't get
adjusted to oh humans get adjusted to
everything over time so yeah after a
while you get used to it this
differences from you know from your own
country but like with everything you
adjust to it so it's it's not a big deal
and if you don't mind me asking what's
your monthly budget like these
days I I can't remember people always
want to know if it's like cheap to live
in the Philippines can they afford to
live on a th000 2,000 give me like a
rough estimate do you think it's okay to
live on that
amount well you know I I'm not like an
expert I'm living as a tourist so I
don't you're living life to the fullest
that's it you know Life's too short so
you got to love it enjoy it so as far as
like you know renting and AP all that
I'm not the one to ask so I'm the one if
you want to know about a hotel or Resort
that that's I'm the one to ask so how
you become so rich I'm not rich I'm
actually a vlogger myself oh nice so
what do you put your content on YouTube
or other channels YouTube I'm I do
travel Vlogs okay perfect it's time to
plug in your channel what's your channel
name that's finding Paradise on YouTube
very nice I'll be sure to check it out
I'm sure the guests will do as well
thank you so much for your time come to
Philippines enjoy Paradise perfect thank
you so much hey what's your name hello
my name is Anon and I'm from Germany I'm
here in Ayala Mall in seu City right now
why are you here in the Philippines it's
my fourth time here I came here because
the people are so lovely the weather is
great and it's just overall like a
friendly energy here and love the people
and the culture it's amazing that's why
a lot of us are here but any dislikes
something that could be improved or
better for you I've been traveling a
little bit and I don't want to talk bad
about the country I'm inan of course uh
but compared to Thailand uh it would be
good to create more Comfort here like
more SAS for example or like more places
to relax for foreigners just a wish
nothing bad of course I understand now
what are you are you working are you
just traveling how do you make money uh
I'm a uh I'm a freelance software
developer I talk also about it on my
YouTube channel coding Rich if you want
to check it out okay so I work remotely
so during the day I work now it's still
the morning so I go and get some
pretzels then I will work all right man
I'll be sure to put your channel Link in
description so people can check it out
okay are you single are you in a
relationship what's going on with your
you know I'm single I'm meeting here a
lovely lady and uh hopefully it works
out it will be great so you can come
here more often very nice what's the
difference between dating in the
Philippines and in Europe for example
many differences uh I've been also
dating in Europe of course European and
in my opinion here the women here are
much more lovely much more honest and
like you can be with them as you imagine
like as you learn at your childhood like
a man is a man woman is a woman you can
love each other there are no strange
mind games no manipulation or stuff yeah
you just try to love each other and have
a pleasant time together I didn't see
that anywhere else so it makes me also
very happy that's great now you are
earning money I assuming Euros or
something is spending in Filipino pesos
a lot of people want to know if it's
possible to live here under 1,000 USD a
month what do you think I think yes but
uh you have to put down your comfort of
course you can rent a condo somewhere
you have to stay in one place I
recommend uh rent something for free
$400 I think that's possible that's
possible but you cannot go out and every
day and like live like a king but you
can have a good time of course it's
possible I also maybe spend
1,500 per month but I live here as a
tourist not as a local so it's a good
got you awesome thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thank you more
he what's your name wend uh where are
you from I'm from United States and what
brings you down here to the Philippines
well this is my 10th trip I'm here for
vacation uh thinking about retiring here
actually I've uh I like the people the
food the atmosphere it's very relaxed
laid back especially in the province
once you get out of the city it's even
more relax okay so which do you prefer
Province life or city life I prefer
Province uh I've been several places
here
uh uh cities I've been Manila seu I've
been to a few other big cities I still
prefer the province not tiny not a
village but a province where you can get
your you know the things that you want
some a lot of positive things any
dislikes something that could be
better
uh no it's not good right now the the
peso rate you know versus US dollar is
up pretty good it's predicted to drop
some in the near future and then come
back up but you okay it's it's really
good I have exchanged money for as level
it's about 40 wow and it's at about 56
now okay so your money goes a lot
further in the Phil goes a lot further
yeah okay speaking of money and
everything do you think someone can live
here for under $1,000 us a month yes
definitely uh it depends on your
lifestyle you know if you want to live
like a king if you want to live you know
a regular life a normal life yeah easy
you plan to retire here and right now do
you have a specific place you want to
stay at do you have any idea where you
want to go uh no right now just kind of
I want to do some island hopping okay
kind of check things out uh probably go
back to Bal I've been there really
really
nice and uh just kind of look around
some of the beaches I love the beaches
here right
go you got it all right thank you so
much for your time I appreciate it
you're welcome thank you hi what's your
name I'm Alice oh hey me too H where are
you from I'm from Emon Canada oh me too
look at that what a coincidence and what
are you doing here in the Philippines oh
I come for holiday for vacation okay and
how long have you been here uh I just
get here so I got only two days okay and
uh I went there probably one month is
this your first time to the Philippines
no the second time and why do you keep
coming back here what do you like about
the Philippines I like the weather it's
a nice weather uh the beish MH uh people
very friendly very friendly most all of
them I should say 85 90% they are very
they answer you they're very nice people
and well just go around I I I like uh
since I came for the first time I have
few friends
already here the Philippines or Inu and
uh what do you do back in Canada are you
retired are you working right now yes
I'm retired I'm retired last year very
I'm I'm brand new pension guide brand
new uh do you think you could retire
here fulltime is this a place no
probably no no I I don't think no no not
so far not so far just because uh I want
enjoy
my my pension my retirement and probably
I'm going to start to go around Asia you
know Thailand
Vietnam very nice yeah that's my clure
and now when you're staying here do you
have a place did you buy a place are you
renting are you staying in a hotel how
do you take care of your accommodation
well uh the first time I came for 20
days so I just ran Hotel mhm and this is
second time uh uh so far because I just
got two days here so uh I'm rting uh I'm
I'm the hotel yeah and probably I'm
going to r a place and now I'm very
curious to find out many people want to
know if people can live here under
$1,000 do you think that's possible can
you live in the Philippines for under
1,000 bucks no I don't see okay no yeah
$1,000 American no and Canadian
definitely not huh no very not okay I I
say because my sure parents here MH I
should say you can leave with $2,000
$22,000 doable okay
but if you bring a apartment or
something like that yeah because in the
hotel you can leave but uh very tight I
got you now a lot of positive things is
there anything negative some things that
could be maybe better or some things
that you don't like about the
Philippines well like I said I this is
my second time here the first time I
come out for days now I'm only two days
mhm so I can't give you too much yeah
nothing yet right that's
great I'm not like uh those guys they
come here for s for three years for
years already long time no no different
but so far I I love it I love it here it
was very nice uh uh City very nice uh
place for sure I agree well let's hope
that nothing bad happens or bad
experiences thank you so much for your
time I appreciate appreciate it you're
welcome thank you thank you very much
and leave your comments down below let
me know what you think of their answers
whether you can live in the Philippines
for under
,000 yes or no now of course you can
live here for almost any amount of money
I mean so many Filipinos are doing it
for even a fraction of $1,000 a month
but it's like what kind of living do you
want to have do you want to live on the
beach do you want to live in the city do
you want to have air conditioning
private transportation do you want to
eat at restaurants every single day or
do you want to have simple meals at like
you know local restaurants or eat rice a
bit more often maybe cook your own food
so really you can live here under $1,000
yes you can but like it depends on what
kind of life you want do you want to
bring that Western Standard that Western
mentality of Lifestyle where you always
have fast food uh maybe you have to pay
a little bit more now for me I think my
budget is around 1,500 but I do a lot of
traveling a lot of like eating out and
it's just by myself I'm a little bit
lazy as well so and I don't live
anywhere outside the city senters
because I need internet and
accessibility to people so yeah you
definitely can't live for under a
thousand you can do it but do you want
to I'm not sure it depends on what you
want from your life and let me know what
you guys think if you're living here
already I love your budget share it down
below and give us some insights and as I
mentioned at the beginning of this video
check out living abroad club.com where
like-minded people share all the tips
tricks and you have full access to
training videos from myself so yeah go
ahead and join living abroad club.com
I'll see you guys there
bye
