I would say it's the Latino country of
Asia the most amazing is people are
really interesting I didn't even know
Philippines existed I'm actually here
with like a group of local Filipinos
here everyone's yeah it's been quite
nice let me tell you back then if you
can describe the Philippines in one word
what would you say hello and welcome
back to living abroad in this video I'm
gonna go out on the streets to see who's
study Philippines ask some foreigners to
describe the Philippines in just one
word I'm curious to see if there's a
common answer amongst these people and
stick around to the end of this video
I'm going to tell you my one word to
describe the Philippines before we get
out there do me who's your favorite
check out channel memberships is to get
some more access to live streams members
only videos loyalty badges one hour
video call with myself my WhatsApp
number and much much more so check out
channel memberships down below and let's
get out there talk to some foreigners hi
what's your name Francesca uh where are
you from
princess what are you doing here in the
Philippines so I am working as a
researcher in the mangroves and I'm
looking at how plastic pollution impacts
crab diversity oh wow how long have you
been here I've been here for three weeks
three weeks but I'm going to be here for
kids
what are your thoughts so far here about
the Philippines give me so much
experiences I really like it the people
are very friendly
um it's a beautiful place and I really
love the Marine the marine life and the
reason beautiful okay and tell me if you
have to like describe the Filipino one
word what would you say so far Heinz hi
yeah the people right what has been your
experience with the people uh really
enjoyed it and I've had a great time
with everyone and they have just been
really welcoming okay have you had a
chance to do some of the touristy stuff
not tomorrow I'll be going out
okay that's excellent what about
Filipino food I had a chance to try any
food
so I'm vegetarian so it's a bit
it's been quite nice thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it
thank you hi what's your name my name is
Eric uh where are you from
what brings you here to the Philippines
I've been coming here for 18 years
actually you're barely 18 man what are
you talking about 18 years yeah yeah so
first time here was 2005. and let me
tell you back then the city was
completely different yeah I say
undiscovered okay
um Manila was the place to go at the
time in Cebu was
um this little-known area of the
Philippines where it was like up and
coming I.T park for example had nothing
but Playing Fields nobody was there that
was like one building wow um so A lot's
changed in 18 years as you can imagine
yeah and the reason why I keep coming
back is because I'm married to a
Filipina we just can't get enough of the
Philippines obviously the lifestyle here
is what draws Us in year after year
because
winter sucks
um and we don't want to be there for
longer than we have to definitely as
much as possible we come here
um especially during winter and we just
tour around we go to places like Palawan
ball
um
and also neighboring countries but if
you're a traveler
and you want to go somewhere that is
easier to live in because you know
you're American and you don't want to
just go to some place that is a 180
degree flip I think Philippines is a
great fit like that's what drew me here
because that it's a good
English-speaking country it has a lot of
the same
familiarities that you're used to so
it's a good jumping off point if you
want to live abroad and still feel like
you're
connected to your home country got it
man thank you so much now did you meet
your wife in the Philippines or in the
U.S I met her here okay yeah I came here
for vacation because I I didn't even
know Philippines existed um yeah until
the vacation it was because a co-worker
saw my desktop with my desktop had this
you know really pretty white sand Blue
Water picture okay that's where I want
to go one day and she quickly said you
got to go to the Philippines yeah
um and she told me all about it and you
know she had family here so she said you
can meet my family
um you know they'll show you around so I
did that I took advantage of it
um and it was a great decision because
I've been coming back ever since that's
incredible man all these positive things
anything negative or anything that could
be improved maybe in the Philippines of
course no country's perfect oh yeah yeah
there's lots of it I'm not gonna
sugarcoat it yeah
vacationing here is very different from
living here
um so if you plan on being here for like
a month or longer you should definitely
do your research there are lots of good
Facebook groups for foreigners looking
to relocate so I would definitely check
those out
um because there's going to be a lot of
adjustments I'm not gonna lie all the
Comforts you're used to in the U.S
um you're gonna have to let that go and
you know very quickly you can get bogged
down by some of the negatives so it
takes a lot of
um courage and determination and
fortitude to come here and stay here
yeah and get passed through all the
negatives um and some of the negative
just to name a few
um traffic is a big one uh you're gonna
get stuck in traffic a lot especially if
you're here living here yeah the commute
is gonna be
um it's gonna be a pain yeah
um I'm not gonna lie and then also
there's a lot of
um really negative people who have been
living here for a long time like I
myself have been living here for a long
time but I managed to
find ways to stay grounded yeah and
positive which is kind of hard to do
because uh the government the
bureaucratic BS
um day-to-day grind of living here
um you're gonna have to put up with a
lot of red tape and just getting the
simple things done is going to be
difficult internet if you're like me and
you're in the tech world and you need to
work from home uh best believe you are
going to be dealing with a lot of
Internet issues and let me tell you I
struggle for a very long time to get
some stable internet going yeah uh but
in the last few years that's been
changing so fiber optics has been
um becoming more and more of a
mainstream option for a lot of folks
here about it so luckily I think that's
finally turning a corner okay and uh
tell me if you could describe the
Philippines in just one word I know it's
difficult but it's kind of the
Philippines in one word
um one word or one phrase one statement
um I would say fun but dangerous
you know some people like danger and
last question are you a Celtics fan
Celtics
um I was a Celtic fan lately I haven't
been watching sports but you know I get
asked that question all the time I'm
telling you because I'm tall yeah
um if you're tall be prepared to be
asked that question like five times a
day yeah are you a basketball player all
right man thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it all right cool hi
what's your name my name is Mark where
are you from I'm from France living in
South Korea actually wow what tell me a
little bit about that what's going on in
South Korea just I was living in South
America working South America to some
decision during the covet I created my
own company now I'm doing wine I am in
the wine business I was in the hotel
industry I'm in the wine business nice I
opened my own business that's great so
you're living with dream oh yes and how
long have you been here in the
Philippines actually I'm just here for a
few days I'm I was in Manila I came to
visit Cebu and we're looking for wine
importers okay so that's the reason why
I'm here in the Philippines at the
moment and that's it that's great have
you had a chance to explore maybe do
some touristic stuff a little bit yes
actually the first time I came here I
turned around I mean I circled the
island it's beautiful I went in the
North in uh
oh yeah
the other one the name escape to my
memory right now but there is so many of
them they're all beautiful right I went
to the South swim with the shark whales
yeah uh
swim in a very nice waterfall it was
amazing thank you okay and tell me about
some of your favorite things here so far
in the Philippines aside from the
islands what do you like uh yeah
actually my favorite part was really to
be in the North in Medellin and to go to
the islands okay uh
if not well people are really
interesting you know I come from I was
in Peru in South America yeah and I find
so much similarity with uh Latino people
actually they speak very good English
which makes the communication so easy
with them the connection and yeah
they're fun they speak some Spanish
words so it makes I get the feeling to
be in South America I would say it's the
Latino country of Asia okay that's my
feeling any dislike something that could
be better or improved
no nothing comes to my mind right now
but maybe
or we I was in Singapore a few weeks ago
I mean the cleanliness of Singapore is
something unique yeah maybe we they
could improve a little bit this this
side but it's question of money of
course and lastly if you can describe
the Philippines in one word what would
you say
welcome it's a welcoming country that's
great that's exactly how I feel too yeah
all right thank you so much for your
time enjoy your meal you're welcome
thank you hi what's your name my name is
uh Russia uh where are you from I am
actually from Middle East Middle Eastern
and why are you here in the Philippines
I'm coming here just to
like foreign
how many days have you been here so far
I think 12 days and what do you think of
the Philippines so far in 12 days what
have you experienced people really too
kind
and that caused uh life goes okay yeah
everything okay okay I hear if you can
describe the Philippines in one word
what would you say the Philippines is
kind right okay I understand and how
many more days will you stay here
uh another one week and what do you plan
to do for your week
uh maybe we'll go to the beach okay and
swim with the shark they have they say
yes I want to do this uh I will try to
do it are you single are you married
okay are you here with your family or by
yourself alone okay especially a new
country you have to visit just try alone
okay next time bring your family okay
very good thank you so much for your
time man I appreciate it thank you hi
what's your name my name is Carlos where
are you from I'm from Spain Valencia are
you a Madrid fan or a Barcelona fan in
fact I'm Levante fan
okay and what are you doing here in the
Philippines we are just stopping because
we are coming from
okay and we are going to Taiwan we stay
we're staying at the end 15 days in the
Philippine Island I don't consider that
in Philippines the most amazing is the
behavior the character of the people
it's amazing you are really really like
at home yes and also the environment the
landscape with the food in general well
to be here is light beam being happy
okay that's good and tell me if you can
describe the Philippines in one word
which word would it be I will tell you
happiness awesome thank you so much for
your time thank you take care hi what's
your name my name is deer and where are
you from
um I'm from United States Arizona uh
Cardinals fan or no no okay uh what
brings you down here to the Philippines
uh I sometimes long story I moved out of
the states because I wanted to get away
for a while and I took a vacation here
um and I ended up moving back I was
actually I've moved so I actually left
to go to Thailand and I was there for a
while and I came here and I kind of
liked it and I stayed here for a while
I'm curious about your thoughts about
differences between Thailand the
Philippines because a lot of people
considering either or what do you think
um there's pros and cons for each uh
Thailand obviously has the
infrastructure uh definitely easier to
get around
a little more more modern uh
uh more conveniences you're more used to
in the west than than you have here here
everyone speaks English one people are
much friendlier Thailand everyone Smiles
but they're still kinda you know
you know it's a little different the
culture wise uh so and I mean if you
like the beaches and you know
a lot of islands a lot of beaches a lot
of places to go and enjoy and relax as
much as slow slower yeah and so if
you're into just kind of relaxing this
is where you want to be okay gosh if you
have any advice someone that wants to
come here just for vacation two weeks
what would you tell them uh two weeks
isn't a lot of time I mean there's lots
of seeing lots to do yeah
um at this come I mean it's it's fairly
easy right now to come
um the Visas the the Visa Situation's
easy especially for Americans just show
up basically and you can stay here for I
think they just changed lost 60 days
yeah that thing in talks I'm not really
sure if it's passed or not I'm not
informed and finally if you can describe
it's one word what would you say is that
word
um laid back awesome man thank you so
much for your time I appreciate it thank
you thank you hi what's your name Alyssa
where are you from Ohio from the US so
what are you doing down here in the
Philippines just traveling how long have
you been here uh over a month tell me
about your experiences huh what's your
experiences here in a month I've been
here in Cebu I went to siargao uh in
Palawan just doing like you know boat
tours snorkeling swimming doing all the
fun stuff right yeah which place is your
favorite so far uh mobile and charcoal
okay did you swim with the sardines and
all that yeah cool are you traveling
solo with friends or uh yeah I came solo
but I've been kind of traveling with
people on and off yeah it's awesome have
you had a chance to meet like local
Filipinos yeah I'm actually here with
like a group of local Filipinos so it's
been good and what do you think of
Filipino people I love them they're very
friendly right yeah they're awesome for
sure and if you could describe the
Philippines in one word what would you
say Okay fun fun you know they say it's
more fun in the Philippines would you
agree yeah actually and how long do you
plan to stay here I'll be here until the
end of June okay and what do you do back
home if you don't mind me asking
um well I was just recently in Australia
but I've been doing like wine work for
the past like four or five years oh so
working in wineries during the harvest
season very interesting awesome thank
you so much for your time
and there you have it some Foreigner
described in the Philippines in just one
word leave your comments down below let
me know what you think of the answers if
anything surprise you anything you want
to share if you take your time to write
it at take time to respond and let me
know if you've been to the Philippines
and how would you describe the
Philippines in just one word I would
love to know personally I think the
Philippines is welcoming that's my word
welcoming the government to the people
the culture everything about the
Philippines is welcoming and that's what
I am here so guys consider becoming a
member of the channel check out the
description down below for a link and
full details of each tier and what you
can get for less than the price of a
coffee so see you guys in the next video
bye
thank you
