[Music]
[Music]
what a beautiful
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so proud to show my nominal friends my
beautiful country India we will discover
together incredible natural places far
away from the cities
it's amazing feeling we held a
competition on all of our social media
accounts where all of the people could
vote for the most beautiful natural
place in all of India we had hundreds of
thousands of votes and it came out to be
Shillong in northeast India
we just landed in Toulon India it's so
exciting that sa P came up with this
whole idea and helped us make it happen
and we also decided to shoot our new
music video here beautiful life
[Music]
[Music]
nothing prepared us for what we were
about to see
[Music]
guys this is late Liam Grand Canyon
it's overwhelming it's a lot to take in
it was an experience that I'll never
forget
[Music]
[Music]
so I have this crazy idea since we're
here in India and it's so amazing and
incredible and beautiful I thought we
should freeze this moment in time by
writing letters to ourself and burying
it in this box here and in five years
we'll come back and find the box and
read the letters we wrote to each other
oh my god I love it
[Music]
first shot of the day it's happening
here in India insanely beautiful as you
can see
[Music]
these shots are gonna turn out
incredible but it's very cold so all of
us are struggling a little bit but it's
the most beautiful place I've ever been
to in my whole life
I love it it inspires me it energizes is
it makes me feel like I have to fill the
space with all my movement it's pretty
chill to be dancing on the edge of the
cliff close to death but I mean it's for
the shot a little bit scary yeah I'm not
looking over there the whole time
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay guys so everybody in first position
top of the south
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I've always wanted to do time capsules
it's a lot happening in life and you
just sometimes forget so you have to go
back
remind yourself why you started honest I
think it's so cool to see in five years
what we thought in this moment I
actually have written a few things that
I would like myself to achieve within
five years and also includes
confidential things if a fan comes here
in digs the letters up then they've
found out one of our biggest secrets
[Music]
all right I'll see you in five years in
my letter I wanted to remind myself in
five years all the great things that I'm
so grateful for right now after five
years we're gonna come all together to
the same spot and only me and no one
know what the spot is so it's gonna be
cool to find the box
[Music]
I feel like it is very important that we
preserve these natural beauties that are
around the world because for future
generations they need to see this place
when we're living our busy lives in the
city sometimes we forget how beautiful
nature is you have to come out and
cherish this beautiful nature around us
in the end of the day we're human beings
and nature's our partner in this life
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
