[Music]
what where is it Oh God do his words
don't know am i doing
God serving up take got7 just came out
never ever it's called the Orion flight
log arrival we are riding in this
business
never ever we about to get this left
begin shall we shut jump yes let's begin
yo what's up Gary my name is Jesse I'm
from Atlanta Georgia
you nerd channel are hilarious my
favorite group is got7
and my ultimate - is jeiza stem cell all
day now let's run that intro
you know before sergeant's reaction beam
I just want to say y'all hope you get
better Jackson I know you've gone
through some health issues right now I
just want you know it's it's really sad
to hear anything and I don't haven't
really talked about it on video arts but
I did talk about and express it on to my
snapchat so to those who follow me on
snapchat you know I'm talking about but
I really do hope he gets better if he is
getting better I'm glad I or if he's
resting at least and yeah just hope to
see a CEO get better like you know you
don't want to see your face like become
ill and everything so I want to say that
before I start this high so let's get it
let's go
never ever never ever okay stop so oh
[ __ ] everywhere everywhere Hey chills
bro the other dance Holly bout that
becomes a thing that trends in a kpop
exoti Selena is Jackie looking good
[Music]
cioppino I mean I would never want a
children but you know you do you boo boo
yeses yes
[Music]
my god why the drop
[Music]
he went Burma I love the way I do like
the reaction but oh yeah it is awesome
to watch what else are you busting oh
[Music]
wait look in the car is a game oh baby
boy I'm Yours you're mine no I fired
Danielle and always in a bus some reason
this honey in the bus well is Mark I
even comment about mark my bad yo
Youngjae Annabel
pretty cute boy okay we saving people
[Music]
it's definitely like a dan paladin
although some suggest EDM electron you
Jim is talking away how that transition
though was good when you save it less
like he's always trust some worth it's
an operating table looking Bob and his
getting higher something hospital or
he's not trying to get high from the
poison never endlich never ever
Leo casually who's loving him
[Music]
okay wait defending him apart
I don't remember maybe in the beginning
you good bloke
you woke you won't he say he say bulk
like he damn JYP a maintainer was good
number ever okay you hear hard never
ever still feel like if you do with my
favorite come back but this is pretty
dull is pretty little not gonna live
this peasant like a poor poor head apart
I just I don't know why I just forgot no
anyway provide more so just wash it
throughout again the second time and I
just want to say I don't recommend only
voices that McVie know what they wear
but I be feeling what Mark was wearing
let me all of them especially but Martha
that you know that's that term reckon it
I mean I judges you know just don't
anyway so I'm going to comment down
below what you guys think of the music
video and the song in general comments
down below
remember guys to like this video share
it and subscribe thank you guys for
always doing that and yeah he's your boy
yeah he's is 22p what you think about it
I'm reaching but like there was that art
like where bambam was like inhaling
stuff or like China inhale that
operations
see that's a perfect partnership like
right I have a new Resident Evil video
gameplay video out right now go check it
out link in description I'll play a
little bit right here where what's that
door
oh [ __ ] wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait and yeah go check it out give
that video like this in the kpop school
is going to keep on dreaming dreamers
love beyond my sixty beautiful people
keep on dreaming dream again Hey
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yes they know place it is
[Music]
