cultural differences are you expected to
financially support her family too well
I'm going to go with the one that won't
get me in trouble I wish I would have
known you're R out of money that's it
you're on your own before we start
today's video I'm excited to tell you
about a brand new channel I launched
where I react to the most popular and
interesting videos about the Philippines
there's lots of content out there so
this is my way of expressing my reaction
to those videos if you want to see those
go ahead and check out the link down
below and be one of the first supporters
and subscribers to reacting abroad now
let's go ahead and sit down with today's
guest hi what's your name I'm
Reggie where are you from Columbus Ohio
what brings you down here to the
Philippines oh man uh you know nice
weather nice people you know um it's a
lot of things that you can do and uh
everything seems a little bit more
friendlier so yeah how long have you
been here I've been here for about a
year a year that's a long time yeah you
plan on going back to the US or you
think you got to make this your home
yeah I plan on going back uh because the
US is my home of course um but you know
I can see this being long-term ter you
know maybe later on in life right now
it's just a little too early but you
know it's uh it's definitely a good
place to stay for a couple months or
maybe a year if you want to if you're of
younger generation yeah honestly I can't
tell if you're in your 20s or in your
40s you know you know Brothers never I
don't understand how old are you how do
you finance yourself tell me a little
bit about that well nobody ever gets the
age right I'm going to let you guess how
old you think honestly anywhere from 21
to 41 I 21 to 41 oh my god well I mean
that's definitely within the range um
I'm 35 okay
um and I think you asked another
question you said yeah how do you how do
you support yourself for a year it's a
long time you know oh I'm self-employed
okay so I just do things for myself and
uh you know it's easy and it's hard you
got to find a motivation to get up every
morning and do it but uh but it's
definitely rewarding at the end of the
day to Be Your Own Boss and uh know
exactly where everything's going to go
so it's great now you mention a whole
bunch of good stuff are there some
things that can be better or improved
but like here in the Philippines
Philippines life you've been here for
year a lot of positives uh what's like
the most annoying thing or something
that could be improved well I'm going to
go with the one that won't get me in
trouble um so the traffic situation can
definitely be improved um I think that a
lot of the traffic issues come from the
fact that there's not proper traffic
controllers um yeah they have traffic
enforcers but I'm talking like automated
like we have in other countries where
it's uh stop lights um signs things like
that roundabout
yeah cuz if you I don't know if you ever
rode a motorcycle out here but there is
nothing out here that informs you as to
where you're going what you're doing you
just got to know yeah and that can be
very dangerous um lack of accessibility
for people that are handicapp I mean not
to kind of go on that but there's really
not a whole lot of ways that someone
that is less capable than we are to get
around you know I mean nothing for that
the sidewalks and yeah the sidewalks are
very dangerous um other than
that that's pretty much the only thing I
can complain about right now well I
drink cuz I have a a question that might
be a bit personal but what's like dating
life are you seeing people have you been
are you married tell me about your
relationship uh I'm not married I do
have a girlfriend um
it's it's good and it also has its
challenges um it's mainly due to
cultural differences so as a foreigner
you have to be more patient um but you
also have to try to coach if you're
dating a Filipino you have to kind of
Coach them into being patient as well
because um there's a lot of things that
are parallel like I'm going to think
something she's going to think something
but we may think it's normal and they're
going to be like what the heck are you
talking about so you have to be able to
be patient enough to explain that and
let them know that they have to have
patience as well and that's going to be
the hard part um because once you're
self-aware the other person is not going
to be self-aware of what they're doing
even if you point it out so um yeah
that's that's the one challenge I can
say but other than that um it's very
easy to talk to someone you just have to
open your mouth don't be shy yeah as
long as you're not shy um the women te
seem to be pretty nice so you just have
to be outgoing open your mouth don't
expect everybody to come to you but
instead you go to them got it now how
long you been with your girl it's been
about like maybe oh wow I lost count by
like a year or so it's been a while it's
been a while it's been a while now as a
foreigner as a businessman are you
expected to financially support her
family too um it depends on the
expectations um so typically what I find
is if your partner has their own job or
their own thing um they don't expect
that much but traditionally it is
expected that the man does support the
house and things like that even if
there's not like a whole household yet
it's just you're dating they expect you
to kind of support things um but when it
comes down to growing into a family and
actually getting married that's a little
different then it turns into okay well
support our immediate family and then
you know maybe support the extended
family too um it can be a little tricky
um it all depends on how much you can
spare if you can actually do it but I
say to guys that do end up getting
married I'm like hey look you know do
what you can don't try to be the hero
because if you do you're going to
overextend yourself and it's going to be
way too much score yeah I mean naturally
if you love the person you want to
support and help before you know it you
know you got drained if you're not
careful oh yeah absolutely absolutely
and and that's um that's something that
you also have to be cautious of because
you know they have their family system
here MH but you don't if you run out of
money that's it you're on your own like
nobody's going to really try to save you
um one harsh reality I should make known
is that there are quite a bit of
homeless uh expats just roaming around
and they can't go back home they cannot
do anything they need to do for
themselves and they're stuck here and
the government and no one does anything
to help them so you need to be prepared
and have backup have a reserve amount of
money for yourself just in case
something goes wrong or have a backup
plan or have at least enough for a
ticket to go back home if you need
because things can get pretty rough
pretty quickly and there's no assistance
so keep that in mind definitely I mean I
I've had a homeless Gentleman on my
channel I try to help out as well so and
I see I was in search of another one the
other day cuz somebody sent me an email
saying this gu need some help yeah so I
get it um and lastly any advice for
someone that's never been here whether
they're coming for relationship or to
retire anything that you think you wish
you would have known before coming
here I wish I would have
known how deep deep of a culture shock
it would be um because when you get off
the plane at first you're extremely
naive you're super happy everything
seems cool oh wow I'm so happy to be
here everyone's so nice but um as you
start shipping away at the individual
aspects of the Philippines which you
will if you stay for any extended period
of time um you start to realize that
there's polarizing differences between
Western culture and Asian culture that's
just period doesn't matter if you're
here South Korea Japan doesn't matter um
but the thing that you have to keep in
mind like I said in the beginning you
have to be patient um because it's going
to hit you all at once it's not going to
be patient but once you understand
what's going on and you're like okay I
know how to navigate and it will lead to
frustrations I've been frustrated um and
you know speaking more specifically on
dating you know because that expectation
we have in the West versus what they're
wanting here you're going to go into a
situation and think okay well why did
they expect me to do that yeah and
they're going to just be like well this
is exactly how our men do it why don't
you do it this way cultures most of the
time they they don't want to compromise
with each other it's just like okay
learn my culture okay learn my culture
and we're we're guilty of it as well um
but um that's the one thing I wish I
knew more about was better prepared for
um but other than that it's been a
fantastic time here it really has been
um the weather's great all the time I
haven't worn a jacket in a while I know
right shorts and t-shirt which is great
and
um I really like the fact that if you
need to um decompress or just relax
there is a beach very close there is a
resort very close um a wonderful trip is
like maybe 45 minutes to an hour away no
matter where you are um and that you
can't get in the States you just you
just can't I agree same with Toronto man
if you want to go somewhere you got to
plan it out like a couple days at least
now I was going to end the interview but
you're really well spoken and I don't
want to highlight this or make this the
main point F but as a as a black guy
obviously do you face racism here
because I know a lot of people have
mixed answers and you know how do you
deal with that if you've had any bad
good experiences or anything wow you
know it's funny um I have another friend
and he's also a black guy and we we talk
a lot about that um because it is
absolutely 100% real um I hear a lot
about in the states where they're saying
there's racism there's this there's that
but Asia says hold my beer okay like
it's like are you serious no hold on
I'll show you um but it's different it's
it I have to be very clear about it it's
a very different type of racism it's not
from from a place of hate it's from a
place of lack of understanding and what
they see on TV and the things that are
portrayed in the media so rather than
finding out for themselves hey black
people actually are gangbangers and
doing riots and their girls shap their
booties and things like that rather than
looking into that deeper they're like oh
well that's what's on TV so you must be
like that yeah and I found a lot of
times where if I talk to Filipinos and
Filipinos
um you know just candidly like I'm
talking to you they're like well you're
not like them like like why are you not
like them and it's like because not
everything is like what you see on TV
because the inverse do you know that
when the Philippines is refer it on TV
it's scam heaven or oh hey it's raining
all the time and everybody's poor they
live in Huts I can't tell you how many
times somebody was surprised that I told
them that there was an an Apple store
here and I'm like yes and that's not
fair because the Philippines is actually
pretty welld developed and they have a
pretty decent economy going on um even
though it is unequal mean but what
economy isn't you know equal right now
none of them are um but you know to
varying degrees I mean sometimes I feel
like there's more Rich than there are
poor here uh or should I say the rich
have more than what the poor have
because it's more poor than Rich
um but I think
that my friend put it this way he says
that you know we can go one Filipino at
a time and try to improve the the image
um in some points I do agree with him
but in other points I feel like it's a
it's a mute point because yeah I could
go and change the mind of one Filipino
but then there's 10,000 more that yeah
disagree you know or there's like you
know an entire population that has like
one mindset um um I think that a lot of
the I think some of the racism also SP
spares stems from um cultural self-hate
um what I mean by that is like the uh
the colonization of the Spaniards coming
here um into breeding mixing with the
Filipinos and the image has been forever
screwed up um because the Spanish as
they as they refer to the El out here is
oh wow that's the pretty one mesas
they're like wow she's Mesa she's
beautiful she's light so we have this
culture that doesn't love their own self
when really and I don't know if you've
ever seen But like native Filipinos or
native Filipinos they're some of the
most beautiful people you ever see on
planet like we want the T skin but they
want the be light skin beautiful like
striking if they put them into Miss
Universe they would win and crush it
every single time but instead what's
valued out here is okay well are you
like Mesa are you like you know par
Spanish or you know are you half German
are you half like you know anything
white yeah um and that's just kind of
the sad reality of it is that it's
almost like it's a people
that have an
identity but they refuse to appreciate
it and love it because they can't see
the value within themselves so there is
pooy pride but there is
also how can I say this without sounding
horrible there also poo shame and that's
it for this video guys leave your
comments down below let me know what you
think of Reggie's experience in the
Philippines some things you agree with
disagree with anything that surprise you
I'm sweating as all always so if you
take a time to write it I take time to
respond now whoever comes to the
Philippines is going to have a very
different experience from anybody else
of course it depends on yourself why
you're here who you meet the people you
interact with the place you go visit
your budget a whole bunch of stuff but
that's why I make these videos to bring
you actual raw content and unfortunately
that video got cut off at the end but
because you know these are all
spontaneous I don't script these I don't
plan them out sometimes I come across
some interesting people so I sit down
with them and the videos go a little bit
longer than I anticipated so I ran some
memory on my card because that was
supposed to be like a one or two minute
interview I'm going to do much more
content about the Philippines as I
mentioned the beginning of this video
check out my brand new channel called
reacting abroad the link is in the
description down below be one of the
first subscribers on the channel and
that's it for this one if you found this
video entertaining informative as always
if you're new to the channel subscribe
hit that like button share the video all
that good stuff I'll see you in the next
interview
bye
oh
