[Music]
hey guys it's Mike Shanin here in Manila
really really excited for a while I'm
bout to eat tonight
I'm at that damn side this is a
fresh seafood market all the fish all
the seafood is caught locally and what
you do is you go and you pick out the
seafood you want say a fish crab
whatever it is then you take it to the
restaurant of your choice and cook it
the way you wanted to so basically just
a super customizable seafood meal all
right let's go see what the catch of the
day is so from the outside the market
cells live through a lot of vegetables a
lot of toys and then he's just like hip
it in just just let's go I'm not very
deep into the seafood market yet but
this area in the beginning and people
seem to sell a lot of cuttlefish tons of
shrimp and lobster really everything is
as fresh as it can be I mean oh I can
see that it's just jumped out of the
bucket and what's kind of interesting
about this market is that it doesn't
smell bad there's not really not much of
like a fishy smell to it everything's
pretty good oh look how colorful
what is that mahi Mahi's what is this
that looks like a rainbow fish to me
it's colorful guys might have to eat one
of those things later all looks really
really good huh you taking what are you
taking which one did you get you're from
Saudi yeah yeah what's your favorite
fish you cook it we're at home at your
house go with you yeah you gonna let me
see what you got yeah
no we're gonna go eat at his house
seriously okay let's go good you know
this guy's place what what fish is you
get salmon la blah blah blah blablah is
a very Filipino fish right that salmon
looks beautiful by the way
[Music]
salmon is going in so tomato garlic
chili and shallots were in there that
fish just looks ridiculously beautiful
tomato paste he cooks like like Chinese
people because we don't measure you
don't measure everything you just kind
of like I know how much I should put in
there oh man
close the pie Nance is great because a
lot all that fat is in the pine nuts a
lot of oil in there all that is going
into the rice look at that that's a way
to jazz up your rice all right the food
is ready
look at that Wow oh yes that color is
beautiful it's enough fluffy the Rice's
oh man I cannot wait to eat that oh my
mouth is watering right now I just want
to say thank you are they for cooking
this wonderful meal well thank you guys
for having me in your home it was very
close dental wore off cuz I don't
believe in coincidences but it's great
meeting you at the at the market fish
market so seriously these guys is the
most friendliest people I've met and
I've gone to Saudi Arabia because of you
guys I get to go to your house they eat
your home cooking right this guy's a
master barbecue or as well tell me about
this dish you made so the rice is tapsa
yeah a very traditional Saudi Arabian
dish is a spicy word um yes
I like spicy to each other rice because
you put a lot of ingredients in this
rice so fluffy a nice
Wow am i eating at a restaurant right
now wow this is so fragrant I'm gonna
taste the different spices to raisins in
this rice you guys don't know usually
like are you that whole pot of fish and
a whole pot of rice but you're lucky
today I already ate otherwise you won't
have enough food here huh but the salmon
a nap
my friend we shall open a restaurant Wow
you can taste how fresh suspicious -
this is fantastic
a very aromatic we must taste all the
different spices dyli put into the fish
and i want to take a bite thank you for
giving me this by the way no I like it I
like it I love the pine nuts now you put
into this I was like such a nice fatty
flavor I'm like eating every single
queen of this because seriously it's on
the best rice yeah no joke so good I
want to thank you guys again for for
having me here I mean you guys have been
more than hospitable I mean it's just a
nicest gentleman and you know sharing a
meal with you has been one of the most
enjoyable experiences in all my travels
guys such a beautiful meal thank you I
am gonna go back to the market and show
you guys the entire process everything
but this has been such a fantastic
experience
you guys can see we're back at the fish
market this section is a lot of
different types of crab Christine Oh
crabs throw out to the crabs you get a
lot of clams oysters scallops some conch
now let's pick out some seafood all sea
grapes
that's delicious I haven't seen those
since Japan oh I'm definitely getting
back can I guess I'm see some clam yeah
this one yeah the one that spit at me
thank you thank you thank you
let's get a crap Wow how much hey 15 how
much it's same same price we looking
your keys you better sound good tea
so jumbo for 850 okay so I got a jumbo
crab for a 50 so originally it was 1250
I don't know if that's a good deal I
don't know what's good like half a kilo
what is that how much how much how much
how much tell me where I get yeah
well guys it's good does it get them
what's the biggest prawn biggest okay
sounds good so 500 he's gonna give me a
free prawn with what the other two
prongs I got there you go all right
thank you what fish sunfish oh wow that
is ugly but I'm sure that's delicious
look at what is that Bharath just
kirochka that was crazy as well
spinal pattern I got some crab I got a
fish I got some jungle prize um I got
the clams I seen it I think I'm ready to
get this cooked let's go find a place
alright buddy thank you thank you thank
you thank you
so basically the rule of thumb is you
find a restaurant that has a lot of
people in there and that's probably a
really good place I heard about this
place Hong Kong master cook and it's
still packed with people this is the
first time I've ever brought seafood
into a restaurant before this place is
packed so I think you bring the seafood
to this counter here and then I get I
guess some sort of cooking magic happens
I want whatever that is
yeah that looks crazy that looks like
it's filled with chilies right there you
just wait everything I brought and in
there as he's weighing it he's asking me
how I would like the fish prepared where
would where the seafood prepared just
one how do you guys cook it salad yeah
is there are different ways of cooking
this we're only one way okay okay that's
fine sea grapes you don't need to do
much with can I do different types of
crab yeah so smaller one citron Lutron
bigger one salt egg yolk thank you
this is insane experience right now I'm
so like I'm kidding man
this is like so cool so we good all
right take this to a table okay thank
you thank you and that's it you take
this to your table and wait for your
seat with a swim - yeah oh
the first item has arrived to get his
little tiny crab this is cooked us sits
front style that smells glorious onions
green peppers red peppers chili peppers
can now way to dig into this I'm gonna
take a claw right here look at this
thing look how nice that crab meat is
dip it in some sauce
Wow this is by far the freshest crab
I've ever had and this mean it's just so
ridiculously tender as soon as you put
into your mouth it just falls into like
a million pieces I never had crab meats
melt on my tongue before and their sauce
spicy peppery it's gonna go great with
rice pour some of that on my rice here
you've got that beautiful tamale oh yeah
this is good eating my friends oh yeah
oh that tamale was in sync this is one
of my favorite parts of the crab right
here
oh man this meat is so Sookie literally
just sucking to me right out of his
shell that is some sort of beautiful my
friends I really don't think I've ever
had crabs it tastes like this before it
goes so lovely Oh
see grip thank you my ocean salad has
arrived you know this must be what Ariel
used to say ten I don't know now sea
grapes if you guys remember but
something I first had in Kyoto Japan and
this thing which is it just blew my mind
but how do you miche's it is mutual
fault is like a burst of seawater you
can literally taste the ocean in here
it's so crispy and briny and nice yeah I
actually I actually miss these things
they really didn't do much with it they
just clean it up added some onions out
of some Tomatoes I honestly think these
things will be great with some garlic
and vinegar on that's all
that's beautiful as well oh here we go
our clams right here thank you
plants and black bean sauce one of my
favorite ways to eat clams it scoop up
some of that gravy put it all over my
rice
those plans so ridiculously tender I
mean you saw a fresh these things were
they were squirting up a storm
each piece is so gentle and flavorful
this song is so good by the way a nice
amount of black beans this is a great
rice companion normally if I'm just you
need that depends on its own I love it
with some garlic and butter but what's
rice this is what you need to do with
the clamps and seriously guys this is
beyond ridiculous today as it was I'm
super it oh yeah amazing will be an
understatement
really what all the prawns are here yay
look at the size of this monster
I was gonna eat they hit a little bit ah
huh crack it open look at that beautiful
beautiful meats Oh
just as I was getting into the prawns
look at this the fish has arrived citron
style and a hot surrounded by spices and
garlic and cabbage and everything else
that just makes this fish beautiful this
this is a feast to be to hold my friends
hang on a second I'm gonna get to this
but I got a tasteless prom for us before
he gets called oh oh the head the head
is intact he just took up the antennas
all right gotta have their head and sock
on the inside
look at this thing was a crazy sting
ever dip that into fried garlic do not
sleep on the fried garlic this might
just be one of the happiest days of my
life
correction this is one of the happiest
days of my life that Swami so
ridiculously sweet it's bouncing you
cannot get anything fresher than this
those are eating a shrimp lollipop is so
naturally sweet I see this big Bulova
it's just chili soup sitting here I
think I'm gonna take my proper strip sir
my way monster prawn conquered the broad
get some that spicy yet spicy know me
happy let's go for another dip it's a
beautiful day whatever a monster prawns
are involved there really is and now now
let's get to this fish look at this
crazy fish let's dig into this thing oh
look at that beautiful flesh let's get
some sauce with it put it on my rice
let's get some cabbage in there as well
you know I'll make sure I eat my veggies
everything about that was amazing guys
oh my gosh what a day I'm having right
now let me just taste the fish on its
own here that low tender I want to go
beauties with some of the skin what I'm
loving about this this whole fish it's
kind of like the fish tempura so the
fish is fried the skin obviously
battered it was crunchy and they put
into the spicy nummy rock so that the
bitter in the skins it's just so dump
all this just delightfully spicy elixir
so every bite you get up the fish
discuss so much of that irresistible
draw all up in here the string is not
like overly soggy
it still has a semblance of Tunis to it
this fish is just beyond tender and it
got some great veggies in here that that
also soak up broth and all this just
goes perfect with rice
this is a perfect style to cook this
fish our last item has arrived the
salting egg giant crap yeah you're
beautiful you know it
this is a salted egg crab but check this
out I'm this morning I was at I was at a
local market and I saw this egg this is
this is a salty duck egg I'm gonna add
my salty duck egg onto my salty egg crap
I think I just came her out of hunt Oh a
lot of food coloring in this one though
there it is I'm gonna kind of crumble it
up
okay that's stupid that's stupid okay
that's done it didn't go as I thought
I'm sorry but let's give this a try you
see all that delicious yolk just running
just coursing through every inch of this
crab leg zip that meat into the salty
egg sauce there's one of my favorite
ways to eat crab the piece of my pie
salted a guy
don't knock it till you try it it's like
liquid salty egg and solidify salty egg
I think it's pretty good they Noakes my
favorite part oh yeah all right you guys
ready to open this thing up oh there's
the tamale gotta have some that tamale
get some salty egg sauce
oh by the way I look at this guy's we're
gone terribly mashup it's flawless
holy cow I'm pretty sure this gloss unk
ships before all right I think I managed
to get most of the clock intact look at
this beast of a crab claw but this isn't
that then touch the salty egg sauce it
is so sweet because some that yolk out
here
[Music]
[Applause]
this has been one of the greatest
seafood meals I've ever had
this day in general has been incredible
I go to the seafood market he just
randomly we need three awesome guys that
invites me back home for dinner which
was absolutely spectacular and I end up
making three awesome friends come here
grabbed a bunch of different seafood
this restaurant cooked it up one of the
freshest tastiest seafood pieces I've
ever partaken in so if you are ever in
Manila I highly highly recommend coming
here and doing what I just did also guys
I just want to note that what I did
today meeting just like three random
strangers if you're going back for
dinner at their place that's not
something I recommend you guys do all as
you feel 100% safe and comfortable I
mean that's especially something you
shouldn't do if you're traveling alone
but for us we ended up talking to these
gentlemen we felt pretty good about them
we took some precautions and pleasures
three of us so we felt pretty
comfortable going with them and that
ended up being a fantastic experience
but by no means uh don't don't do what
we did make sure you engage every single
situation for yourself and if you do
decide to go hang out with some locals
we're with some new friends like I said
make sure you're 100% comfortable with
the entire situation with that said I
just want to give another shout out to
my new friends Ali Mohammed and Ramon's
you guys are just the most friendly most
awesome most hospitable gentleman I have
met on the strip and thank you so much
for having us over and sharing a meal
with us that was by far some of the best
rice and salmon I've ever had and as
always guys I put the information for
this location in my description box
below thank you all so much for watching
this just incredible seafood event
Ripken until we eat again see you later
