everyone in spain is so beautiful
there's no black people
why is being dark bad there's a
follow-up no one like explains it hi
everyone my name is asia jackson i'm
black and filipino and i'm anthia i'm a
ghanaian woman today we're going to
react to anti-blackness in filipino
culture anti-blackness is like filipino
food some of it is found on colonized
past it's always been present growing up
in our family traditions our community
culture and even in the media
first of all say prince zuko second of
all in the philippines when you're
younger they tell you to pinch your nose
so that it grows taller
oh wow yeah because like europeans when
they came to the philippines they had
like really tall noses and a lot of like
indigenous filipinos have like flatter
noses even though i experienced colorism
i was always complimented for my nose
because it's like tall and pointy so it
was like a really
interesting
experience i don't know filipinos are
naturally dark in fact the indigenous
people of the philippines valued their
dark skin as spiritual and celebrated
through religious ceremonies okay i
think that was really interesting that
he brought up indigenous people because
i'm indigenous like my mom is igor i
didn't really experience colorism from
my own family did you experience
anything like that from other people as
well oh you've gone a bit darker
i wasn't aware of why it was like
something that needed to be pointed out
it's like why is being dark bad yeah
like no one really there's no follow-up
yeah like there's no follow exactly like
no one knows why
being dark is bad yeah no one like
explains it
we know it or not as in to excuse our
anti-blackness behavior at our family
dinner my grandfather was sitting across
the room from me we were talking about
having kids and he said just as long as
they're not black and it's even more
alone
i have to tell you it's a story
something that happened with one of my
mom's co-workers who's also filipino i
remember she went on vacation to spain
when she came back she told my mom
knowing that she married a black man and
has a black child she told my mom like
oh my god everyone in spain is so
beautiful there's no black people
and my mom was like
like what a crazy thing to say and it
was crazy because she was so
casual about it like my mom was supposed
to agree with her or something and i
think that just speaks to how ingrained
ingrained it is in the culture that you
could just say something like that yeah
and she thought the response was going
to be like oh really oh my god yeah i
married a black person and i have a
black child you're totally right the
assimilation factor that many of our
filipino families adopted when they came
to the states made it even harder for
them for us for you to look in the
mirror and say goodbye to the whiteness
that we see i wanted to speak on like
the assimilation aspect
even like if you didn't grow up in the
us or you're not like part of the
diaspora you're just like growing up in
the philippines this like singular
beauty standard that's being sold to
people because of anti-blackness is kind
of taking people away from embracing
what they naturally have thinking that
there's something wrong with them
growing up in london we have like a in
east london we have like a big filipino
community so then when i started like
engaging with filipino media i was like
why is everyone lighter because i've
always assumed most filipinos were brown
yeah despite the fact that like there's
a large group of people that look
nothing like them but they are never
shown on larger platforms exactly
acknowledge that our struggles are tied
to black struggles filipinos should care
because our very rights and freedoms as
filipino americans
are a direct result of the black
liberation movements of the past
and of the present i think that this
kind of messaging though can be taken
in a wrong way you know what i mean
because it's like we have our rights
because of black people so because of
that we should care
but i just i don't know i feel like
solidarity should be more about like uh
they shouldn't have clothes behind it
yeah i feel like you should just like
care because it's the right thing to do
but i do agree with what they say i just
think that it can be taken
in a different way yeah if you are black
and fill up the next like me tell your
story at least to your family
it is 100 on you to put that noise the
systemic racism behind you and walk into
a more loving accepting version of you
who's ready to co-create a brand new
world with the rest of
us oh my god what she just said is one
of the reasons why
i
speak so much online about being black
and filipino because when i first
started like my career in entertainment
and online space i was like very
ambiguous they were like oh you're
native hawaiian you're samoan like
you're latina like there was just so
many things and people didn't know what
i was and i kind of liked it i was like
nobody knows what i am but when i was
younger i loved apple the app from black
eyed peas because he's black and
filipino and i remember how much
happiness he brought me in a way because
he was so proud of being black and
filipino at that time when i was like 10
years old i was so ashamed of
identifying that way maybe i could be
that for somebody else and i think that
just goes to show you like how important
it is to be comfortable in your identity
as a public figure i feel like i had a
plethora of like role models in real
life he had beyonce but then kelly
rowland for me was like she's like
closer to my skin though but she's still
this beautiful talented woman rather
than like a star adjacent and then when
she went out and did her own thing i was
like oh okay so she's like standing on
her and as a darker skinned woman and
that was really special to see like
american media is all like you look at
people who are half filipino olivia
rodriguez she's halfway living which is
half white then you have someone like
steven lacy who's half filipino but he's
half black there's a lot of filipinos
like her and sweet but all of them are
half black so it's like they're not
valued the same way because they're like
they're black necessity before they're
filipino yeah identity to be on the
right side of
history that constant affirmation to our
children that their noses
hair
skin and body types are beautiful
and when that time comes and believe me
if it hasn't already that we're faced
with the question of our black brothers
and sisters
does my life matter
what will you say
black lives matter
all right now we're going to read some
comments from the video i see a lot of
paragraphs here so i'm probably going to
get mad but it's okay
filipinos in the philippines don't
define blackness under the same context
as westerners do if a black-skinned
person went to the philippines they
would be adored for the blackness of
their skin
as a black person i can tell you right
now that that is just not true there's a
reason why to look a certain way it
makes you higher class or exactly it's
because it's further away from blackness
exactly exactly why is that associated
with that you can't separate the
association with the reality of the
actual color right now we have to
address why
being darker skinned is not higher glass
right this is beautiful i'm not asian
but i can relate my aunties used to tell
me that if i get too dark no proper
latino would want me
it still affects me even when i know
it's not true i still worry about being
too dark despite being a medium-skinned
black person it's beyond crazy how this
intersects cultures all of the people on
this video have amazing skin and are
beautiful i totally relate to this after
i experienced colorism in the
philippines when i was in high school i
was captain of my dance team and i
almost quit because i didn't want to be
outside to like be darker like it made
me so insecure i had a childhood friend
who was like
there was like three of us but she was
the the fairer one and she got a lot of
comments about how pretty she was
growing up and i was like so much lucky
what's kind of like why someone talking
about this one person there's something
different about us that i don't really
understand because from the same country
we're from the same tribe what is the
difference between the two of us that
she is the beautiful one random but
we've ever ended up being the same
person when we were in secondary school
that i dated him first and she dated him
later on who made me very self-conscious
for a while i don't know if we're ready
for this conversation but if we talk
about anti-blackness within the
philippines we need to talk about
anti-indigeneity as well the two are
tied together i'd really like for us to
push from the idea that our colorism is
solely rooted in classism like the
chinese it's rooted in anti-indigeneity
slavery in the trafficking of our people
i hate it when i talk about online
whenever i make a youtube video or i
talk about colorism in filipino
communities online someone is always
like oh it's because
in asia if you were like lighter skinned
than you were you know the noble class
if you're darker skinned you were like
working out in the fields and i'm like
listen
philippines is a cluster of islands in
the south east pacific so being brown is
normal like it's so it's okay to be
brown you know what i'm saying east asia
was not colonized by europeans the way
that a lot of southeast asia was
particularly the philippines i mean they
were under spanish rule for 333 years
and then right after that they were
under american rule and then there was
you know japanese occupation between
that but it was literally rooted by a
caste system that was put in place by
the spanish it's based on classism but
the class system was based on race it
was based on skin color i think a lot of
people don't realize that the one they
implemented in the americas
enslaved africans were at the bottom of
this hierarchy in the philippines the
negritos the indigenous black asians
were put at the bottom of this hierarchy
so i really like that this person
brought this up because there really is
a difference colorism exists all around
the world but i think in the philippines
specifically it's definitely rooted in
colonialism
probably the same in ghana i mean i
don't know much about ghanaian history
yeah it's pretty much the same yeah the
aftermath of colonialism yeah like the
lasting effects of it this skin
lightening cream is an interesting
conversation because that's something
that perpetuates every
country products everywhere which is
interesting because we have fairest
ingredients and dark skin but like
everyone is black so it's like you're
trying to approach being closer to
whiteness which is something you will
never achieve yeah i think it's
interesting that you brought that up
because there was a study that said that
girls specifically young girls are
cognizant of the effects of skin color
and like the importance of skin color as
early as like six years old i think it's
sad when you're young because you don't
understand that it's a system that is
bothering you you just take it as oh
because i am this way like i'm less
pretty or yeah i'm less desirable
i actually get older you understand like
there's certain systems and like things
exist outside of your control when
you're younger it makes you like oh well
there's nothing i can do about this
thing learning how colorism and
anti-blackness was all a system and
learning about the history of it it gave
me like a greater sense of self like you
said
this was much bigger than me and some
people don't learn those things and they
they continue being insecure and i think
that's why education about these topics
is like really really important
thank you one down these are really
really important conversations to have
especially in filipino culture but you
know worldwide we met online a very very
long time ago i would say like 2013 yeah
yeah and we've been friends ever since
just came to visit having a teenager in
a couple years so we'll take a trip get
some sun don't forget to
support a black-owned business and
follow your girl on youtube and
instagram
you can follow me always anthea
[Music]
[Music]
you
