hey everybody its Marie from Asian boss
we notice from our previous Filipino
video that a lot of you were very
fascinated by the way Filipinos mix one
of the Filipino languages tagalog with
other languages so in today's video
we're going to ask Filipinos to explain
why they speak the way they do and see
if they can handle some fun challenges
too for more let's go to Asian boss
reporter Gerry in Manila
so the team began Academy a new
poroshenko nama Filipino you fluent
Allah gas buggy English more than two
thirds
I think fluent 60% more more than 50%
because I totally nominally ins our
environment the best Philippines some
official language that an English and
Philippines so say you're personally a
new language medalist manga Newtons upon
ro ro but Nandita our chambray mostly
Tagalog I think preferred language
better like a English berry and when
talking with my local friends Tagalog
Douglas Filipino in English but I'd put
AG leaves because a Filipino Colombian
go English but there's significant
people money is for you but I'll do
Filipino more so I look I see behind by
the pad Filipino dad bad mommy taught an
awesome question that's a good sign now
changuk I avoid uncle Philip in the game
Obama for Filipino oil yes oh so big
question coming in question about
illegal biodiversity the Philippines the
ban till now so p.m. Obama insurance
onion and my possible abacus
but he's a good some books ability no
Paris are in the Paris are conditioned
by a pupusa sakuramiya numata a la luna
sat in camera is the leg got the leg on
a jacilla for the leg Filipinas a
Christian ambassador ba so para mas FINA
pahala Granada new i conserve also
depend the come on Ian depending on yeah
they are hailing Halen or eun-hyung
built alone
in the jicama Omega
they are singular though that heal
something in coma shadow I'm big enough
I say I'm Sinbad since I've been either
with a push trooper announcer bageno
annulment cuz they're on me but I
am record knocking a selca but divorce
me record canopy myself gosh so unions
are because it's happy now professor
come Holy Spirit I think I like the Holy
Spirit for Dvorak in the implement ina I
think it's a nice even world were
justified in use as a vehicle on fine
translates ability don't happen Kadima
Philippine oh you won't believe me
television having that would be in the
direction Tagalog line and let's say I
know Filipino major there's something
like that like I talk English so I did
not fulfill it in a lot well in the
mouth standard standard we now put this
I've been on it for English double
Tagalog that gut feeling was not
securing as a difficult enough
vocabulary more when you're a hotel
townhome in Tagalog give a better later
and said if I'm ever like this can
engage the most comfortable I think well
an emergency no pseudonym
rules or combination hapara
must have been taglish the essence of
investor you switch from English to
Tagalog and then in turn be handle care
for some more I think that is good
enough sitting in mobile piranha give me
three more apparent Peter and um
parameter English little Philippines
I think the gigging trance Chaka say
first of all maganda education at in
and also because we are colonized by
America and so I think like Miguel
Miguel factory influenced in social
media and Segura Dennis a millennial
each tile shot I own in Mashhad nothing
in embrace you among culture like
Western culture newspapers school diba
usually have been adapted
english-speaking Quebec Elementary never
Marin Cilic rules about English London
Sparrow kapag canasa bhai Filipino
monatomic oolong so barring a Google
Ohanian cognitive development nothing
propagating English but I must Motta's
human level Mikasa
don't say anything like English because
if you would talk straight na Tagalog
balan hindi gonca up-to-date or modern
maritime provinces and my gramming
ethnic groups CBO I think ma ma more
than 100 language and dialects somewhere
and its opinion Philippines English
achieve mobility no muscle not Filipino
on the removal a young sense of
nationalism not a new identity nothing
well it's sad we're losing our Filipino
language but at the same time it's not
at all bad because I advantage and
certainty because if we can go around to
different kinds to different countries
and then we can communicate with them
typical Ibanez a bang lugar para socket
a muumuu let's go no issue the editing
panel in the moral are you personally
tonight Dana Filipino for a second a leg
ankle on a diplomat in the satin
international in for Selita
now Filipino we hope you enjoyed
watching this video and gained some more
insight into Filipino culture along the
way we should make it clear that the
Philippines is not the only Asian
country where English seems to be taking
over so we will be covering other Asian
countries in our future videos to see
how English is impacting local languages
how common is English in your countries
let us know in the comments for more
authentic insight into the latest news
and cultural trends all over Asia be
sure to subscribe to Asian boss thanks
for watching and see you in the next
video
[Music]
