[Applause]
[Music]
like put it in your
mou there you
[Laughter]
go
wo oh my
God we got to go in this water right now
over here this is exactly why we should
buy those those water backpacks for this
reason yeah I'm regret I I'm I'm
regretting it right now I'm really
regretting
it this is crazy I thought they were
going to get
us so I got to keep my backpack up like
this this is about to be really
annoying the last I'm right but this
time I would like to remind this is not
your school this is not your work this
is your vacation all right so much
better we get a stop full energy okay
once again good morning everybody
morning your energy is success
without energy
Bor so first of all yes I would like to
get you welcome to is hoping that
greting is from to our company company
of hockey life and I hope you're a good
bu everybody's good are you ready to
rock and
roll good morning La morning you want to
see the
sample all right and also I would like
to introduce our V uh very veterans mod
captain Captain Chris AKA Jack
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
Sparrow morning guys and welcome to a
brand new video in the most beautiful
place in the world I cannot believe that
I'm here right now this is unbelievable
guys I am filming from Palawan Province
this is Elo tour a you have access to
this tour any travel agency in elnido I
got this one from where I'm staying at
at friends hostel shout out to them I
paid about 16600 Filipino pesos to get
here and at this first stop we are at
the S Commando for about 40 minutes guys
let me just stop talking for a second
and look at this this is
crazy incredible for the duration of
this video I'm going to show you all the
island hopping you could ever imagine
here at Elo Philippines guys you see my
Quran video it's going to be pretty much
very similar that's kind of like what
they do here at the uh islands in the
Philippines we do a lot of island
hopping there are other ways to do this
as well this is just one of the tours
that are offered within this tour I
chose tour a there's tour B Tour C but
tour a is actually the more popular tour
amongst people that visit here in the
Philippines guys so without further Ado
let me stop talking show you the
views this is my new friend Isabella hi
where are you from by the way I'm half
nigeri guys she's half Nigerian just
like me that is amazing this is my
sister all right we're having a good
time we're in the Philippines where you
should be first of all what do you think
about ELO U this tour so far what's your
first impression it's really beautiful
and it reminds me of Thailand if you go
to South
like it is the same VI but general what
blue just 10 out of 10 10 out of 10 I
totally agree all right boss what's name
again Julian nice to meet you man so I
see you're here uh friend you where are
you guys from Canada awesome what
brought you to this destination today
about it we just heard from friends
about it so we're like about to come out
can check it out really yeah last minute
last minute yeah um have you gone any
other tours yet like the c or B no this
is the first one yeah why did you choose
the egg if I turn this one the
EG I think Theon was really
like okay and you guys were like
traveling the world or traveling to Asia
Asia uh world world yeah World Travel R
here what's your favorite place so far
that
visiting in the world are
here um I think this is top for now here
to um I think favorite spot in the world
is uh la la yeah
really you it's too hard I've been doing
new places anding old ones meeting
people on the the appearance is very
different gotcha gotta okay thank you
thank
you
[Applause]
had to do that bro this place is pretty
nice for a first
stop kind of like Hawaii almost you
really can't sell this on a
GoPro um
I don't know it's like a small island
party it's very chill sun is on point
today and I just couldn't be more
grateful to be here right now so we're
getting ready to leave pretty soon like
I said this is a very like short first
stop about 40 minutes um took a dip in
the water very nice water's kind of like
mid like mid lukewarm on the colder
side yeah that's pretty much it and now
is it happy life guys this these are the
guys that are these are uh the sponsor
tour is happy life these are the guys in
charge of what's happening today so can
you tell us what to expect more from
this tour for right now yeah well in for
in general like this is the first step
yeah this is First Step so like chilling
relaxing but it's a good place so after
this we're going to a big Lagoon we
going to do like kayaking oh my gosh y
so you guys if you guys love kaying this
is kind of the perfect spot
next stop right yeah in the next stop
let's do it all right so this part right
here I still can't get used to cuz I
really wish I invested in that bag every
time we're going to do this for like
seven times I really wish I invest
invested in that
bag actually it's not that bad this
time
[Music]
yeah
yeah
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
you yeah
yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
so that's why they have aak we Doak okay
hey that's that's the homie Marlin
what's up
bro
hey all right that's my peoples right
there man damn yeah yeah yeah yeah I got
his number I got his number okay guys
guys next stop this is the Big Lagoon
this is kind of the highlight of the
entire tour a this is a part where you
actually run a kayak for 300 fipo pesos
you get to mus canal with a partner or
even by yourself and
just
sorry sorry sorry so before the crash I
was saying if you're interested in doing
this I highly recommend it because it is
a highlight of the tour is only 300
pesos and if you can do by yourself or
with a friend however you want to do it
I wouldn't really skip it it's nothing
really close to the Quran experience
very different I'm very more colorful
and wider so we're just going to do that
right now and that's pretty much all to
it we have about 40 minutes to an hour
give or take so I'm going to see how
this goes and show you guys what it
looks like all
right I want to shoose you guys to
another friend of mine from my same
Hometown la this is this is Julian
Julian and you you were here on like uh
vacation work here for work for two
weeks and then another week vacation
that's amazing traveling around the
islands a little bit trying to explore
outside of Manila how do you like this
place so far what's your first
impression heaven on Earth heaven on
Earth cuz the title of my video is um
the most beautiful place on Earth yeah
would you would you say I would say I've
traveled to 45 countries and this is the
most beautiful island wow that's that's
a testament dude yes sir wow so how how
much more time do you have here on uh
uh Philippines another six days six days
back to back to LA than the Homestead
thank you man sure so I don't know if
you noticed it got really quiet we just
made a quick U-turn around because
there's a cave at the end of this trip
this path so if you just listen H
welcome
tole you can hear that but if you just
listen there's
actually silence you just hear birds you
just hear like bugs and birds trip and
whatever so this this is pretty cool I
actually really I'm really enjoying this
part of the tour I almost didn't do this
part cuz I've done it in pan but I'm
actually really glad I did it it's
really pretty the water is really
healthy and blue it's not that deep it's
actually pretty um
that it's it's actually not that deep as
what I thought it would be all right
guys so we finally found the cave it
took us a little time to find the
entrance but we came from the back part
over there we're supposed to come from
the front part over there so it's okay
um everything else always comes in out
the other it's all good and but we're
going to make our way over that way and
make oursel come out from the front
because we are kind of short on time
right now I think we have like a little
bit about 10 15 minutes left but just
looking at this cave it's you know it's
simple cave nothing crazy pan lath kind
of like a path to a secret Pokemon you
know it's actually pretty cool um
it's tall too I would have never
expected a season like this in here but
yeah look at this guys this
is pretty cool and again it is
quiet no I like that too though are you
a blogger too or no just
pretending you should you live on
Amazing Island you have good energy
though yeah you should cuz that that
energy attracted me to talk to you right
now so we should think about that I
would watch your
[ __ ] you got to go pro like um this is
not mine I just actually borrow uh this
is uh the company where we are working
okay well you got a free camera free
camera though yeah camera free camera so
yeah this is a GoPro to we have a we
have a GoPro 12 bro Oho Straight Ahead
me
Timber that supposed to be
funny I know this view is is insane
behind me this this is a real place I'm
telling you honest this is not AI this
is this is real just wa be there like 2
minutes because we're going to prefer
your food H in a minute okay just
waitting there thank you so they advise
us to wear water shoes because this part
of us getting our food we have to walk
across some sharp Coral I don't have
water shoes it's okay I have chel just
doing just fine so we're almost
[Music]
[Music]
there everybody can you proceed here in
the table
and
up shut I say l
this spread is absolutely mental mental
absolutely mental
absolutely it's mental it's
mental Man shows how to really eat that
Filipino food with our hands right so
first you got everything here and you
use your thumb to like push it back to
your mouth amazing try that lose the
fork bro just try it just try it just
try it all right so got like a little
bit of food okay just put your hand grab
a little bit of food get some rice uhhuh
get some rice yeah put it in your mouth
and use your thumb to like put it in
your
mouth there you
go how you feeling bro not professional
but yeah thanks
man
[Music]
you see anything cool down there starish
oh oh starfish okay
starfish okay I look for
starish you see anything down there yeah
there was a big starfish okay we all saw
the starfish okay everybody saw a
starfish so this is shimu this is our
stop right after having lunch this is
really good for snorkeling so we're
going to Deep dive no pun intended and
see some fish down this this water right
here
[Music]
right wait wait he's about to do a bad
flip do a back
flip oh my God that was
sick yo he's Spider-Man
dude
[Music]
I was like why y keep call me no one's
looking at
me baby we get everything
baby we get everything
baby we get every don't kill yourself
don't kill yourself don't
yo this is this is the thumbnail
[ __ ] what's
on
one
ELO the most beautiful place in the
world all right guys we are now at the
last stop in Tula Island here we're
going to be here for about an hour and
it's pretty much just chilling until
it's time to go it is a beautiful
literally a really white sanded Beach
straight from from like Cast Away
straight from Lost movie I'm going to
have a good time here and we're going to
play some volleyball actually so I'm
going to make my way across and show you
this part of the tour this is the island
this is the last island of the tour what
I would describe as lost you're Cast
Away I'm literally walking on white
sand Paradise in itself I hope you guys
really enjoyed this video I had a great
time coming here and I had a great time
showcasing what I believe is the most
beautiful place in the world if I might
say I mean check me
out and over
here right now my whole tour is playing
um volleyball I'm going to join them in
the bits but I do want to kind of walk a
little bit and see what this Paradise
Island this last Island looks like above
and below guys this my friend what's
your name again Carla Carla Carla from
Ecuador Ecuador is in the building yo
she came from Ecuador she's here with
her daughter and her babysitter and she
this is her last spot here on her
vacation so she's just enjoying the day
we have the beers Cheers Cheers English
Sal
salz BR and
franina
sa Sav I don't no no say no say no say
th th th you heard the
lady Paradise o this is good I haven't
been to like this is all it this is all
this island is is is I like I I can do a
small tour if you want me to but I can
go from this side to this side that's it
then like they were playing uh
volleyball over there we got our drinks
if you guys are actually
thirsty
can you can head over
here hello
Kaia just just showing like what you
guys have you guys have like a lot of
different options here noodles chips
drinks Mom how are you doing
Mom good everything's good so yeah cash
is king
So I think we have to head out now yeah
yeah
yeah it's time to
go what you
say yeah because you can't swim
bro yeah
yeah
this is this is
[Music]
actual oh my
God
be here
baby if you've gotten this far thank you
so much guys this is the end of the
elito tour a if you have any questions
let me know in the comments below and
I'll be happy to answer anything that
you would like if you enjoyed this video
hit that like button and subscribe if
you haven't already to get this video
pushed I have one more video left of my
time in the Philippines and that is
Quran that'll be coming up next guys all
right so until then wherever you're
watching this have a good afternoon good
evening and good
[Music]
night
