because of the way you look or because
you're filipino that you don't have
marketable yeah it just sucks that that
happens you know and i'm just being real
hi everyone i'm aj raphael i'm a
singer-songwriter hey i'm b.j rasals
from the philharmonic and we are
reacting to our filipino musicians
marketable filipinos love music but the
music hey trace
back
as toddlers
made us their prized performers
did you do that growing up like with a
mic and everything totally but the
moment we take the leap to pursue music
as a career our dreams are rejected
filipinos have to revolutionize the
internet just to get their foot in the
door take aj revital oh look at that
but it's like a million subscribers
this is me crying right here by the way
i i didn't expect to see that number you
know i knew it was coming and then when
i saw it it happened it took a while to
get there yeah it really did i think
there may be a lot of obstacles i'd go
strong for like a year or two and then
i'd stop get burnt out right and that's
what being an independent musician as
y'all know takes a lot of like content
yeah knowing that too in the
philharmonic i definitely relate so
while tick-tock stars today can book
late-night appearances to promote their
music after barely singing 15 second
snippets true an asian artist and his
decade of internet popularity has not
led to the same results it is
interesting yeah technology has grown so
i'm never going to hate on like a tick
tock star getting success or even
anything newer than like youtube and
using different platforms although i do
think that comparison is a little it's
nuanced yeah there's so many different
layers i agree yeah i think that what's
interesting is that basically aj i mean
you started this whole entire like
youtube game for asian americans but
just in general when youtube started
like you really i felt like pioneered it
from the beginning and because of the
way you look or because you're filipino
that you don't have
like marketable yeah it just sucks that
that happens you know i'm just being
real i feel you and not just me and
thanks for the props and all that but
jeremy passion you know i think of
jeremy and his song lemonade right and
like how big it was man if it did play
on the radio but then if someone did see
that he was like filipino or something
exactly would he
blow up period we'll just never know we
don't know so
why can't filipinos sell why are we
worth a viral forecheck
is this not a real career for us it is
absolutely a career for us yes
trace why do you ask that question yeah
nah i think that very fair to ask that
question of course because we don't see
many people like us say you have someone
who is very good who is white and then
you have someone who's very good who is
filipino maybe the person who is white
has multiple experiences of shows and
and all that stuff so it's worth it to
to hire the filipino because
then it gives
drive and courage to do that thing
because they saw that person that's so
true yeah you know i wish i saw more of
that growing up yeah so but i guess we
are seeing it more so yeah yeah we are
we're part of that man i love that yeah
that's crazy remember the group far east
movement and their massive hit like a g6
the beginning of their career they were
told to play down their asian identity
their signature sunglasses look was
given to them by their label to seem
more ethnically ambiguous they were
instructed that they would sell more
records if they could hide that they
were asian olivier rodrigo
album sour high level biggest lover
by a female artist on spotify not a ton
of people know she's filipino that's
true that's always left out with over
385 million streams
good for you olivia now we know it's
good for you
conversations around her ethnic
ambiguity took over twitter
whether it's arguing that white
celebrities have shifted to look more
ethnic or filipino celebrities have
shifted to look more white what's clear
is that it's made it harder for olivia
to claim her filipinoness when having
the internet is arguing she can count it
all interesting
obviously it's not her fault that she
looks that way so if she wants to claim
her filipinoness you know who's who's to
say that she's not filipino enough to
represent for us right right right and i
feel that way with a lot of my mixed
friends as well i feel that it's just a
complicated issue take jessica sanchez
and philip phillips the finalists of
american idol season 11. jessica was a
powerhouse singer in comparison to
pillows
yeah
white men with guitars do we know why
guy was guitar compared to how i mean
don't you feel that like that happened
because technically in america like that
is more marketable so producers are like
oh easy easy win which sucks right it
absolutely sucks and that's the norm and
that's why it happened for sure it
didn't happen because of talent
now we're not trying to pit any artists
against each other there's plenty of
success to go around but while filipinos
clearly have the towel to compete the
music industry has consistently doubted
our ability to sell yeah for every
youtube discovery that has given the
world justin bieber and charlie puth
there was the aj raphael and jeremy
passion that's so nice of y'all
uh
justin bieber used to watch jeremy
passion's youtube videos left comments
on several of them dms and stuff charlie
puth went to berkeley college of music
where i went as well we were good
friends for a couple years not that we
became not good friends but he became
famous really famous we actually spoke
on a couple panels together but it is
really hard to see comparisons yeah and
you're like you're saying oh here's uh
justin bieber and charlie puth and then
here's aj rafael and jeremy passion you
know like it it's
yeah
can't really do it totally but i also
love shawn mendes because we got to work
with him too lately
so he's so talented and we don't want to
compare and like he said like there's
success to go around everywhere space
for all of us space for all of us bella
porch who created the most liked video
on tick tock ever has yet to book any
appearances weeks after her first song
that's true that's interesting because
developers who immigrated from the
philippines has a lot of potential for
exposure the pub boy band sp19 who's
already had some number one hits they're
great
whether it's like inspired by k-pop
inspired by hip-hop inspired by black
music inspired by you know all of these
other genres there's definitely space
and it actually starts with us the
filipino community our artists will only
be as marketable as we allow them there
you all are there you are
and our money engage with their social
media stream their songs share their
music with your friends especially your
friends outside the filipino community
stop asking your family to perform and
then not expect them to love singing and
for filipino musicians
trust your community
lean into the fact that you are filipino
filipinos don't need to reinvent
anything we've been here from the start
it's just time the music industry
recognizes it trace that was really well
said that was yeah pre-chat all the
things that trey said at the end
has been especially true for me about
like leaning into my filipinoness i
remember in my beginning college years
i'm playing all these filipino asian
american club shows and then some people
tell me hey you gotta stop playing those
shows so you can get outside of the box
and stuff i felt like i had almost a
responsibility to like yeah keep playing
those shows and i feel the same way like
just being in the philharmonic i
realized like we all just really loved
singing and doing music but yeah i think
the bigger picture is looking at it like
we're never represented in media and so
that has kind of been like a big vision
for the philharmonic and that's why i
appreciate just being in that group and
i appreciate you oh my gosh you're doing
so yeah like trey said you know we need
to continue to build that up through
community and be proud exactly you know
wherever we are in our journey
it's very like bold that in y'all's name
it says philharmonic you know what i
mean filipino yeah that that itself just
your name
is is inspiring for others so very cool
thank you thank you thanks aj
thanks one down for having us react to
this awesome video and to have some good
conversation and discourse about this i
actually just launched a podcast with my
fiance alyssa navarro so and it's on
spotify apple google podcast and on our
youtube channel so just type in sweet or
savory podcasts oh also i have a lo-fi
album that just came out as well
instrumental versions of my old red
roses songs red roses it'll never go
great album we're literally doing a song
from red roses what about you what are
you up to vij you know just singing with
the philharmonic we have a ton of things
coming out and we're just excited to
release all of this music with amazing
artists like you yeah and we're doing a
collab wow
