yo welcome back to the channel man you
guys know what is it's your boy careful
man
okay so you guys know that big fight
yeah almost another big finalist you
living under a rock man Manny Pacquiao's
Keith Thurman man you guys know you guys
must know by now I think the whole world
knows by now who won that fight man
anyways man so there was this video when
you guys want me to check out it says
pretty much you know the major streets
in the Philippines during the fight of
Manny Pacquiao vs. Keith Thurman it's a
complete ghost town so like what is that
it's not the truth man it's not really
the truth so I'm like you know what I'm
gonna check this video I'm gonna tell
you guys what I think about it man and
see if that's the actual truth man
cuz I don't know for a whole country
whole nation to go quiet while one
boxing fights going on man I got to see
I got to see with my own eyes so let's
get into that video
Wow
raise
guys one our before Manny Pacquiao's
fight so this is the time 11:16 Sunday
21 July we are updated when Anna daya
while on diet little guys so this is the
fireman style of how they watch man if I
care but I'll not be watching here so
people go here some arrests over the
social style of what you mind if I cows
fight but me I will not be watching here
because I'll be watching somewhere else
cassia KO Padmasana at home so I thought
Makati guys one are before the fight as
you can see you never in Makati not that
crowded but today it's not crowded at
all you see how the cars very few cars
in here and also very few people because
people are all
but appearing for money back outs my man
that is crazy
I've been to my car T man and it's it's
always like a jab over there man I'm
looking at this is completely like
almost empty there's no traffic no
people who as crazy as you and I just
parked here to show you the streets to
show you the people the cars mama a
Sammy's mom fight drive-by Oh from
Makati to head side to Manila we're
gonna see the empty street so we're
gonna see how Filipinos know oh my god
Wow streets are so empty so this is the
best time to travel in the Philippines
so it's 12 p.m. already guys look at the
streams why are the empty
that's the highway right you can barely
see a car
that is crazy
I remember the street when I was born
when to buy a hotel one of the cold
beans
you have the streets guys are getting
empty bless people so I'm listening to
the live news while I am on my way to
the five K's then I heard that Pacquiao
he knocked down turban in the first
round the streets are very empty you can
see just few cars driving around look at
this you see the street in the middle of
Manila there's no cars when I'm here or
one on a car that's Ross Boulevard there
you can still remember the mayor's but
they empty oh no Tao voila natal no
Tahoe no coche every car is just worth
yeah see this is what I like about the
Philippines
that is insane it's like everything
closed yeah the Christmas everything
shut down voil√° natal talaga empty as an
empty
look at this side the supermarket is
empty what an Tao you see LBC is always
full now it's empty
drugstore empty this is drugstore girl
yeah definitely man - no no she lifted
to watch Pacquiao here see the tricycles
does have people
here we go the square penis
so all I see it's totally like so many
people in here
it's bad people we can't event go
further inside because you cannot even
pass
amazing so this is route 6 I think but I
think we're gonna win today
so you see another space space of you so
deserve I'm standing yes
whoo it was ready for the pastel fight
so I am on top of everybody because I'm
standing here
I know six-round said we're gonna win
the bar oh man I know
we're gonna win man they're one nation
so I think this around seven
Oh
three years old while manufacturers like
40 years old ten years difference
now they're at this must be round table
ramiz's round 8
- a very good boxer and
if giving a lot of punches you know
hopefully we're gonna win I still have
hope factory gotta waste is given first
area that was we are here to win we came
all the way here to win
we're not here to lose you know we never
big space
know that knows the winner money fuck
out one
pretty shortly one
that
for the beans
everybody went crazy
they
like the plant
I know what do you want to say to Manny
Pacquiao gays congratulations from
Manila Manny Pacquiao burger Kahneman oh
my god
so it was a very nice fight I enjoyed it
so much
plus it was free so people didn't have
to pay to watch the fight which is also
amazing because it's liberal you know
have to pay don't even try to challenge
us team Philippines Philippine us always
winning
don't even try challenges you see after
the fight look at the side normal life
the streets are full of people again the
life went back to normal I just parked
there but yeah but yeah champion but in
Miami kara but kara I'm always happy for
it truly truly happy anything good for
the Philippines and even though you are
Filipino champion I feel you are my cup
of iron so congratulations senator Manny
Pacquiao from me the hungry still I
wonder I wish you all the best
so that was it mama kappa bye and don't
forget to subscribe to my youtube
channel always proud to be part of any
Filipino ceremony so road to 400k yoga's
sobre messiah osama ha Wow alright man
this guy in classy this guy's a Filipino
okay that doesn't matter what anyone
says how he looks man he is Philippine
oh right that's what he is this video
though it clearly shows you that every
Filipino man loves Manny Pacquiao man
like I know I heard that Manila has some
horrible traffic man I think the
solution is for them to do what them to
do they don't need to build better roads
man they don't need to have better
trains all they need to do is have Manny
Pacquiao fight every day that's it
everyone will be glued to the damn TV
and don't got to worry about traffic
jams don't worry about too many people
walking around but for real all jokes
aside man
that is insane how like the roads were
completely empty no business was open
that everyone was just glued to that TV
watching that there senator Manny
Pacquiao fight and you know what man
like every Philippine are so proud of
this guy man everyone respects this guy
I'm sure if if everyone sees Manny pack
in the road they'll run up to him talk
to him say thank you sir and he will
stay there and talk to you for a minute
that's how good this guy is men that is
why so many people look up to him and
that's why people like what do you look
at Manny Pacquiao it looks like like
inspires you inspires so many Filipino
like you can get up and you can do more
with your life man you can do so much
more so much more because you guys
everyone knows the story of Manny
Pacquiao by now man I don't let us say
but everyone knows the story and if you
don't then you got to go check out some
videos go talk to some people about
Manny Pacquiao because you you got to
know his story many stories truly
inspiring and amazing but anyways man
you guys made it all wait end of the
video guys know what to do man give it a
thumbs up the video man thumbs up if you
loved the video man don't be scared to
subscribe and subscribe if you loved the
video and all your comments notification
bells turn it all on I would catch guys
next right peace
