i messed up there for sure
this is sensational
hello everyone it's godfrey hello hello
hello it's me ada and today i'm
challenging my friend godfrey to make
only nigerian meals for the day i've
also challenged my friend adar to make
some filipino food so the meals i've
chosen for godfrey are for breakfast
he'll be making yam and egg for lunch
she'll be making jollof rice and for
dinner he'll be making okra soup and
parmesan for breakfast i'm going to get
added to cook something we call tosilog
for lunch i'm getting added to cook some
pansit bihon which is basically a noodle
dish and for dinner i've got ada to cook
an absolute classic chicken adobo let's
go
me and her family would eat this for
breakfast and it's such a banger in the
morning honestly the sea log is sweet
pork with egg and then with some garlic
fried rice for this you just get the
pre-marinated meat chuck in the frying
pan fry that up for a little bit
i've added the oil and i'm gonna step
away
then you use the same pot grab some
garlic some pre-cooked rice i love some
protein
then finally once that's cooked you get
the fried egg and you make that nice and
crispy once that's done you get it all
on your plate you put the fried egg on
top of the rice and you crack that bad
boy up and you let the yolk ooze into
the rice and you eat it now time for the
most important
the taste test okay
yeah oh
this pork is bursting
what'd they put in this what are they
marinated as well
um
i may not have made it correct but what
i can taste right now is premium it's so
nice i've had to see outside
top coaster if i let me just eat this
for the rest of the day i don't need
nowhere else
for yarn egg it's actually quite simple
so all you need to do is cut that skin
off chop how much you think you can eat
then you boil it for like 30-ish minutes
or until it's like soft for you you
could fry it i didn't want to add that
complication into it and then for the
egg you dice all those peppers onions
maybe tomato season that thing two eggs
crack and crack them mix that thing up
throw in the
onions and tank saute saute saute then
you throw in the egg scramble scramble
scramble yeah i'm looking oh feeling so
oh soft too soft okay let me get a yarn
out because
very simple it's actually very simple
dish it's quite heavy for your breakfast
i would think so this is what my yam and
egg is looking like
[Music]
this is a good breakfast i'd eat this
any day do we it's a bit more tomorrow
than i think it's meant to be
nice
[Music]
traditionally we would have this at
celebrations or at birthdays the noodles
kind of signify a long life which is
great because we don't get our attention
here until like 68 anyways first you
cook the meat you get your chicken and
your pork done cooked out the way take
them out then using the same frying pan
you get your chopped onions garlic let
them soften up a bit
i'm gonna interrupt
my chopping because i just got a message
from godfrey saying you tried to kill me
what maybe i made everything a bit too
spicy add your carrots your cabbage
quickly in there then you add your
seasoning then you add the chicken stock
adding your noodles on top once that's
all absorbed into the noodles you then
put your chicken and pork back in just
stir it up a little bit then it's ready
to serve and enjoy
i don't know what has gone wrong but
like it looks like four very separate
pieces that i've just lumped in they
haven't come together to make a cohesive
meal oh well let's go
[Music]
it tastes nice
i just know this place tastes better
like i can i'll finish this plate no
problem chicken chicken is bland so
i messed up there for sure
we move
we all make jollof rice different like
let's not come in the comments here's
how we make it in the nh household
you've got your tomatoes you've got your
onions you've got your scotch bonnet and
you've got your bell peppers slam it all
into a blender
blend that thing up
[Music]
that is spicy dice up onions throw those
in then you fry those up until they're
small small brownies and then you throw
in the blended mixture that you just
made either telling me it's gonna pop so
let me get my my shield ready pour it in
oh he's gonna pop
it's all about the season throw those
seasonings in throw in your maggi cubes
throw in your pepper throw all that
stuff in long grain rice all you basmati
things get out of the comments and you
throw the vlog very nice and basically
you treat the stew mixture as water and
then you cover it with foil 20 minutes
bob's your uncle it should be finished
moment of truth
whoa
look at that my first attempt i don't
know if that's good or not because i
don't know what it tastes like cheers
[Music]
nice but boy trying to kill me
two scotch bonnets you know
this is what you have in a regular
delicious though
i see myself making this again i really
like it for someone going from plain
white rice to this
it's a lot my tongue is on fire right
now but
some water
all right thank you
so believe it or not i had to go to the
gym i was having so much food i needed
to do like some extra extra movement to
get the food to digest anyway we've done
that we're back the chicken adobo is
probably one of the more classic dishes
this is one of the ways you can do it
start off we want to marinate the
chicken we put some soy sauce or some
garlic in there just mix it all around
so it absorbs a little bit then we get
the chicken into a frying pan fry that
up for a little bit and that's so
they're nice and seared around the edges
everything's going wrong look at that
what's going on
while that's being cooked we get some
more soya sauce you get some sugar some
bay leaves some black peppercorns mix
them and mix it all round
and then we add that mix to the frying
pan where the chicken is then we add
some water to the bowl to give it a nice
little broth once that's boiling you
turn it down put a lid on and let it
simmer once it's simmered in there long
enough we add some vinegar once that's
done ready to serve chicken adobo goes
really nice with rice get some of that
sauce in that bowl and pour it over your
rice just to give it that nice sweet
bitter flavor chicken adobo it looks and
it smells premium so i'm actually really
excited to tuck into this so let's get
it let's get into it
[Music]
this bangs
it bangs heavy
this is
sensational i am gonna make this every
day
yeah
perfect just to finish on
smacking
i have set god for a bit of a task
because i personally don't even know how
to make this dish you've got your okra
you can either chop it really small or
you can blend it whatever's easiest for
you
then you boil a cup of water and you add
the crayfish and wash your dry fish with
water just like basically it's like
loosening it up and then add that to the
pot with the crayfish and then you know
just let those cook i don't know
anything about diamonds so really it's
up to you i'm so sorry i'm not very
helpful i might add the seasoning to the
pot roast and spinach it just got so
much degrees man i forgot to chop it the
spinach i thought i could just add it in
and the fish ain't softening it's really
not working out for me when the water is
reduced a bit then you add the opera
throw the opera in and then you add the
palm oil then you should be fine i'm not
gonna let this poor boy a pound yeah
i just got him the mixture it's easy
enough fish
my forearm dead um and that's pretty
much it i'm gonna play up the pounded
yam which is not smooth i definitely
have messed this up here's my attempt at
pounded yam sorry ada if this is your
family recipe i'm told you're supposed
to use your hands which i'm going to do
because it's the authentic way
[Music]
i can see how this works well together
i just wish someone was here to tell me
how to do it probably because i reckon
this would have been so nice i mean it's
not too bad anyway but i don't think
i've got any of it right i know i've
definitely failed making aqua suit and
um from what you said you can't make it
either so i guess no one's better
[Music]
we're here guys we made it to the end as
you saw it wasn't an easy journey what
did we learn i learned i can't cook i
learned if you haven't cooked it before
don't go in there straight in the deep
end i think or even if you've not tasted
it before my issue was that i don't know
if this is tasting good there was no
benchmark i didn't know what was nice
because everything was new to me i
thought it was good i really enjoyed
this challenge and hopefully i haven't
you know done a disservice to nigerian
culture probably not i'm sure you did
fine and also yeah i'm really i'm happy
to have tried filipino food my way now
i'll probably go and find somewhere to
actually eat it if you've got any
authentic spots from either of us to go
visit please let us know in the comments
and we will try and i guess and go to
them try and go to them or if you want
me to come to your mom's house i'll also
come but i'll prefer home cooking so
peace
[Music]
you
