[Music]
all right let's go good morning my
Belanger I'm gander Gaddafi today oh
diva oh yeah Annie Nanak mom again doc
oh man oh man so indeed no Manta like a
former get up arrow from Sasabe nuna
maganda maraming salamat to Mata bottle
again Coco we are going somewhere today
she tell them where we going no Johnny's
you know asking me to go out like a daze
or a surprise he never told me that
where are we going so I don't know I
hope it's worth it because because it's
worth here it's a long way and a huge
what I've got on my new bug net in a lot
all right I will just get with some
metal no off to talk to you
secret where I'm taking it you will find
out letting guys it's one of hers
meticulous my sunglasses so let's go I'm
very excited but thank you hon for
taking me out because the be honest I
really don't know where are we going
bye-bye girls we'll be back
Jensen will be here later to feed the
dog
about an hour are we going done I think
I know where are we going now because he
did plan this last time and it did not
work and now they finally breath baby
one day we're going to secret I'll tell
you later
there's a lot of seagulls look oh my god
there's a lot of them
yes we are here we are here my glossary
spirits darling thank you hon we're here
muffled I'm got and we are going to a
zoo I never been to any zoo that's why I
asked Jen before can we go somewhere
because I never seen like elephant Tiger
because in a little tiger because in the
in the province where I come from
there's no zoo in there and now finally
the time I see them
the place is BC my Hopalong Josh there's
a lot of people mostly families bringing
their child their children's John is
just being and look
[Music]
thank you very going let's go some we
will have some coffee first before going
around so nice I want something John
just went to the toilet and I was really
near animals to see you also got the
Philippines but in it dear we have a
Philippine spotted here yeah I'm proud
with that
right we're ready for the B journ√©e well
is there it is there it is so we are now
in lion enclosure that's what against
AIDS there's a Lion King here here I
could see it oh my god is looking away
it's looking away hello
look at that
[Music]
oh yes I did
are you having fun
[Music]
see was it nice surprise
[Music]
you're welcome darling okay up
woopsy no good for doing some
my
the big devil
[Music]
oh and organ donor - Abramoff along
[Music]
I am sniffling thank you babe I know a
lot of people and children I could see
the children they're very excited to see
their show you well so am i I am very
excited
[Music]
hahaha - Walker see the include
Philippines oh it is my love casts and
me2 or six five Morgan and malakas is
strong in maganda is beautiful and
before there's a story about Maleficent
maganda yeah oh thank god
so proud of these low Philippines I'm so
proud that even where you are in UK
include Philippines because of the
temperature here is warm and the
humidity is high good my camera is back
to normal now when we entered that cave
it's so warm
and my lens is fogging so that's why I
exchanged or I use Jen's phone so Maha
palanca my battery is now flashing so I
will see you soon again bye John bye
[Music]
[Music]
