so I don't know if you're ready for this
we didn't know if we were ready to see
it but you know what we like to immerse
ourself in whatever culture we're in and
everyone told us we needed to check it
out so we did and here we go
on this episode of trying something new
we are definitely trying something new
we are in Mobile in the Philippines and
we're going to check out a cockfighting
tournament
so one of the main reasons that we're
doing this lifestyle and venturing
outside of the box is really to
experience other cultures and see what
they're into and kind of what makes them
tick so what we like to do is bring
these experiences to you guys when we
document our travels and whether you
like it or don't like it you agree with
it or don't agree with it it still
happens and it goes on in parts of the
world so I feel like it's up to us to
document these experiences and share
them with you so that you can have a
chance to experience it too so with that
being said we're about to show you an
experience we had in Mobile in the
Philippines it was pretty intense for us
and it was probably pretty intense for
you so a viewer discretion is advised
here we are at the cockpit and I don't
know what I've seen a couple of videos
probably here too long but let's go see
what happens got a cockfight so
cockfighting dates back 6,000 years and
every civilization across the world has
been a part of it at some time or
another there's about 2,500 stadiums
across the country of the Philippines
and an estimated 30 million roosters are
killed each year in this sport so they
say that cockfighting in the Philippines
is a multi-billion dollar a year
industry and is locally known as Saban
to make defi it's much faster and more
aggressive they've attached a sharp
three-inch blade to one of the roosters
legs the main purpose of these three
inch blades is to stab into their
opponent so they can wound them and then
finish it with their feet and then this
guy had his very nice chicken and I've
had it what's red what's red watch your
head watch your head what's in yeah
right I did not like going to the
cockfighting I love history and I was
doing a lot of research on cockfighting
and found out that cockfighting used to
be huge in the United States and some of
the major presidents used to actually
endorsed the sport like George
Washington Thomas Jefferson Andrew
Jackson and Abraham Lincoln it was said
that a fighting cock almost became the
national emblem of America and lost by
one vote to the American bald eagle
yesterday it's too graphic it was so
funny how all of a sudden were they're
not sure what's gonna happen and then
one of the guys said something and the
crowd started to go crazy but they were
all speaking Tagalog we had no idea what
they were saying but it was it was
something it was definite I like the
cockfight
but it was time scary because all the
people like everybody was cheering and I
just didn't know what was happening for
a sec
they do all their wagers by hands
motions and signals they don't have any
computers any anything that says hey I
gave you a hundred two hundred three
hundred four hundred pesos like I don't
know amazing so this is the spot that if
you don't like this kind of stuff you
want to turn your head or stop this
video we found out to make the cocks
even more mad before they went into the
arena to face their doom some of the
trainer's would spit on their cocks and
make them more aggressive in the ring
it would have knifes on their legs
really clean bed they put their mouth on
the chickens mouth to make em still
fight in that like these are the
chickens and then they go like this and
then they go like this and then they
going this and then we go down yet
when I saw the chickens killing each
other very very sure when we entered the
arena we felt a little pressure that we
had to bet something so the guy asked us
for some money we gave him a hundred
pesos we ended up winning and then it
kept half our money
our match was over it lasted about seven
minutes the next one was getting ready
to start but we had experienced enough
we are a one-and-done kind of family in
situations like that
and when we left there I was shocked
many people consider this to be a really
disgusting outdated kind of barbaric
practice but consider this the chickens
in the US and these massive slaughter
houses and farms with thousands and
thousands and thousands and one small
little enclosure they're injected with
nasty hormones they're subjected to all
kinds of crazy stuff and in contrast to
that the cocks in the Philippines they
get to hit be one of the family members
treated like little kings and some say
the cocks we've been treated better than
children or spouses I got very nervous
all of a sudden there when they started
crowding around us and that's screaming
and I was like I don't know this is a
really bad situation where I like
different cultures that do different
stuff from us it's just really fun that
it's a new cool it's a different culture
and I really appreciate it
yeah all right so I think this goes on
all day from 1 to 5 p.m. we saw one
match we bet a hundred bucks because we
kind of felt like we're supposed to it
got really weird in there like 100 pesos
and we want to hunt papers and the guy
that did the Betty for us tickets are 50
oh yeah I'm not really complaining about
50 Cent's very interesting to see so I
don't know I think we're gonna buy a
great plate before we wear out our
welcome
basically we're bowing out quickly we're
blazing with a couple cameras and three
kids so yeah okay well no we should be
there nice I would never go to a
cockfight we know this is a
controversial topic in many parts of the
world we don't condone it we don't
necessarily agree with it but we were
there in the Philippines and we thought
we check it out and we wanted to share
with you make sure if you're going to
Philippines please try the mangosteen
there's a goodness things in the whole
world if you guys like your videos make
sure you subscribe to our YouTube
channel and follow us on Instagram and
like us on Facebook and whatever you do
make sure you get out there and try
something new
