jollibee one of the largest fast-food
chains from the Philippines opening up
once again another first for our
beautiful capital city right here in
Edmonton Alberta Canada this is the
chains fifth location in Canada with
first being in Winnipeg Manitoba it's
absolute fanfare and love for Jollibee
as it's a reminder of home that is the
Philippines for hundreds of Filipinos
waiting in line called the equivalent
feeling Canadians get for Tim Hortons
but more this Filipino fast food chains
menu is so different from North American
fast food chains offering Asian noodle
dishes and flavors coming straight from
the Philippines most very well known
menu items include the Jolly crispy
chicken and jolly spaghetti it was our
turn to join the party on the third day
since the grand opening so was a three
and a half hour wait worth it let's find
out welcome to Frakking Creations the
channel where we show you the good stuff
while more videos on food or travel hit
that like button subscribe and enable
notifications for the latest and
greatest it's been four years since the
last time I had Jollibee in San Diego
California there are a lot of hardcore
foodies and fans of Jollibee who started
lining up outside three days before the
grand opening they have two big tents to
shelter customers from the weather the
main one here and the second one here
waking up at 5:00 a.m. we were
determined to partake in the Fan Fair on
the third day of the grand opening
arriving at 6:15 in the morning the
weather for this day was 9 degrees
Celsius and rainy but it did not deter
any hardcore Filipinos from lining up we
were number 277 and 278 in line for gosh
sakes crazy we were in line for three
and a half hours and I'd say a solid
ninety-five percent of the crowd were
Filipinos since we were in the tent for
a while we were glad we came prepared I
highly recommend bringing a small chair
because standing for many hours can get
tough
okay thank you hey removing removing LMG
we're moving to the other tent haha
that's the funny part we're just moving
to another tent our order is written down
Once we reach the counter our order
cannot change.  Here are the restrictions
for ordering. Woo hoo, going inside. Hi. Good morning...
Wow
so we came from here
and now we're inside the staff are super
nice and happy they even offered to take
our picture I gotta tell you waiting
three and a half hours in the damn cold
weather a smile from a jolly be employee
makes all the difference check out their
menu and how busy the counter is look at
these busy jelly beans yeah we can place
our order this place is really nice
look look look check it out it's the
mascot for jolly be it's jolly be here's
our order peach mango pie the pie has a
super crispy thin crust probably more
fried than baked because the crust is
not as thick as the pies you would get
at McDonald's also the sweet mango peach
filling has some real pieces of fruit
mixed in that gooey richness oh it's
super good whew oh okay okay here's a
quick tip don't eat the pie immediately
let it cool for at least 10 minutes
because the outer layer tastes way
crispier than when you eat it fresh yum
burger the yum burger meat was savory
and slightly salty the sauce is like a
mayo ketchup sauce and of course had to
add cheese the burger meat is pretty
thin than other burger meats not really
my favorite but was to my husband's
liking since he was really hungry
pineapple clincher drink the pineapple
quench a drink is really good just
enough sweetness in the drink and love
the pineapple juice so good it's so
delicious falafel Fiesta a typical
Filipino noodle dish where the sauce
tastes very similar to homemade Filipino
palovak sauce which is like a seafood
sauce mmm very good with some sort of
vermicelli noodles shrimp egg and pork
here's another tip don't forget to mix
up the noodles with sauce before you eat
it as it tastes better this way also for
those who know how to make pulao book
from scratch if you're craving for it
now you can go to jalebi to get a fast
fix jolly spaghetti this is not your
typical Italian spaghetti where it's
more savory and tangy this jolly
spaghetti is more sweet than savory
where it's a sweet meat sauce served
alongside with round hotdog pieces
cube-like ham pieces and of course
shredded cheese all on top of spaghetti
noodles it tastes fantastic to eat the
Jolly crispy chicken with the jelly
spaghetti as you get that sweet and
savory contrast on your palate once
again make sure to mix the spaghetti to
even out the flavor of sauce and cheese
throughout the noodles jolly crispy
chicken of course saving the best for
last
the fried chicken is right on for their
crispy and crunchy skin must set up for
me almost tastes a bit similar to
Church's Chicken crispiness meaning
it's got good flavor
chicken is deep-fried well we're all the
batter is cooked to perfection it's
really good and not too salty the meat
is moist too you must be wondering why
on earth is there a gravy included well
it's not for dipping your fries or pie
or spaghetti it's for your chicken
Crispiness oh did you hear that crisp did you
hear that crisp look how crispy that
stuff is oh my god is so good yum yum
alright so we're gonna take this and
we're gonna dip it in here oh this stuff
is so good so good look at that look at
that dribble look at that gravy dribble
we finally left jollibee at 10:15 in the
morning oh my gosh four hours later
thank you for watching if all this food
is making you hungry
check out our channel Frakking Creations
for more videos of food and travel have
a jolly day
