a simple history epic history TV
collaboration in the late 1400s a great
new age of European exploration began
led by Portuguese Spanish and Italian
sailors they made great voyages into the
unknown full of danger adventure and
discovery these pioneers were driven by
Christian zeal and profit in Europe
spices like cinnamon cloves and nutmeg
which grew only in the Far East were
worth their weight in gold whoever
controlled their trade was guaranteed
immense wealth by 1518 the route to the
so called Spice Islands was dominated by
Portugal Spain wanted a route of its own
enter 38 year-old Portuguese sailor for
now a damag ilish Ferdinand Magellan as
he's known in English was a brilliant
navigator who'd spent many years sailing
the Indian Ocean but he'd fallen out
with the King of Portugal and now
offered a bold plan to his rival King
Charles the first of Spain Magellan
believed it was possible to sail around
the new world and reach the Spice
Islands from the east
since contrary to popular myth it had
been widely accepted for centuries that
the earth was round
King Charles accepted Magellan's
proposal have helped him assemble an
expedition with 270 crew and five ships
known as Carrick's the fleet set sail on
the 20th of September 1519 and crossed a
stormy Atlantic to reach the future site
of Rio de Janeiro in modern Brazil
here the men traded with local tribes
exchanging simple objects like metal
fish hooks and playing cards for fresh
food and water
Magellan continued south until winter
storms forced him to camp at puerto san
julian there Magellan faced a mutiny led
by Spanish officers convinced he was
leading them to their doom Magellan
acted swiftly and ruthlessly he sent
loyal men to kill one of the ringleaders
while another was captured and executed
two others were marooned left behind
when the fleet sailed south again in
August as Magellan searched for a
passage west one ship the Santiago was
wrecked the the crew were saved another
ship the San Antonio deserted and sailed
home but Magellan did discover a 350
miles Strait which now bears his name
through to the far ocean a sea that
seemed so calm he named it Mara Pacifico
the peaceful sea or Pacific Ocean but
the Pacific Ocean was far bigger than
they'd estimated their supplies ran out
the men were forced to eat rats and
drink putrid water 19 died of scurvy
then after 99 days at sea the lookouts
spied land they'd found guam in the
Mariana Islands but when the Islanders
stole one of their boats fighting broke
out and Magellan had to leave without
fresh provisions
a week later Magellan and his men became
the first Europeans to reach the
Philippines where they were able to
feast on bananas and coconuts with
Magellan's Malays slave acting as
translator
they sailed on through the Philippines
to Seibu where they made an alliance
with a local ruler who agreed to be
baptized a Christian and swore
allegiance to the king of Spain a local
chief from the island of Mactan then
asked Magellan for help in defeating his
rival named dato lapu-lapu and Magellan
agreed he crossed to Mactan with sixty
men in boats but though the Europeans
had superior weapons and armor they were
massively outnumbered after burning the
enemy village Magellan's men were driven
back into the shallow water where
Magellan himself was cut down as they
tried to reach the boats now their
former allies on Cebu turned on
Magellan's crew butchering 30 of them in
an ambush the survivors fled with only
enough men left to crew two ships they
burned the concepci√≥n and continued
their search for the Spice Islands
they traveled to the Muslim Court of
Brunei on Borneo and were amazed by its
splendor finally with the help of local
guides and more than two years after
sailing from Spain they reached their
destination the spice or Maluku islands
today part of Indonesia they traded
everything they had for all the cloves
their two ships could carry but as they
prepared for the long voyage home the
Trinidad sprang a leak and had to stay
behind for repairs its crew later tried
to return to Spain across the Pacific
but most of the men became sick or died
the survivors had to return to the
Maluku islands where they and the
Trinidad were captured by the Portuguese
the Victoria the last and smallest ship
of Magellan's fleet sailed west for ho
captained by Juan Sebastian Elcano
[Music]
crossing the Indian Ocean it took nine
weeks of battling headwinds before they
could round the Cape of Good Hope the
men began to starve once more 21 died
before they found fresh provisions that
Cape fed on the 8th of September 15 22
almost exactly three years after their
departure the famished exhausted crew of
the Victoria cast anchor at Seville
Spain just 18 of the original crew of
270 had made it home
[Applause]
but what they and Magellan's expedition
had achieved was astonishing the first
voyage of circumnavigation around the
world mankind at last at final
conclusive proof that their planet was a
sphere and a greater idea than ever
before of its vast size it was an
incredible feat not repeated for 58
years when an Englishman named Francis
Drake made his own remarkable voyage
around the earth this video was made
with our friends at epic history TV
watched the other half of this
exploration double-bill with the story
of Francis Drake here and if you don't
already why not subscribe to both
channels and click the bell to get
notified of every new video
[Music]
