I wasn't impressed there's a lot more
poverty here nothing in life is easy I
really like it here oh my God
we came what are your initial
Impressions about the Philippines it's a
good question hello and welcome back to
living abroad my name is Alex and in
this video I'm gonna go out there talk
to some foreigners and get their initial
Impressions about the Philippines now I
love these videos because it gives you a
nice idea of what foreigners think about
this country before I do that guys we're
very close to 100 000 subscribers hit
that subscribe button hit that like
button and consider becoming a member of
the channel for exclusive content like
members only live streams members only
videos a one hour video call myself my
WhatsApp number and much much more check
the link in the description down below
to get much more detail about
memberships of the channel let's get to
talk to some people hi what's your name
hi my name is Joel and where are you
from I'm from Finland what brings you
down here to the Philippines so I've
been uh backpacking around southeast
Asia around around five months now okay
shut up oh somebody's on there huh okay
all right so five months so where have
you been so far I've been all over like
Thailand Laos Vietnam Indonesia Malaysia
sorry I'm gonna I'm gonna mute this one
okay and house so what are the
differences between Philippines and some
of those other countries
good question I think they uh
people here
the beaches are beautiful I think the
most beautiful beaches I've seen while
traveling and also the diving as well I
like to dive oh yeah
a lot of people coming for diving any
dislike some could be improved or better
not really not per se like getting from
one place to another can be tricky at
times since it is mainly black Islands
the whole country so you have to get
flights from all of this to another
instead of taking a bus so getting from
one place to another is a bit more
tricky but uh I don't think that's too
much but I really love to feel like what
were your initial thoughts about the
Philippines my initial thoughts yeah so
I landed in Manila which was kind of a
big city slightly hectic
um so from that I thought maybe this is
a bit of a hectic place but I flew
straight from there to Corona which is a
very like beachy place kind of touristy
kind of media they saw like the crystal
clear water people will start playing
the amazing like fifth formations out of
the water so I really love the kind of
beach scenery got it so Finland how are
you managing the heat as you can see I'm
sweating right now
me too yeah the heat is tricky but I
mean I've been out for a while so
starting to get used to it thank you so
much for your time I appreciate it yeah
no problem hi what's your name hey my
name is Keenan uh where are you from I'm
from Texas USA what brings you down here
to the Philippines uh just exploring I
had some free time so I thought might as
well explore southeast Asia and
Philippines was next on the list how
long have you been here I just arrived
here two days ago but uh I spent a month
here a couple weeks ago okay so what
were your initial impressions of the
Philippines uh you know it's a very
friendly Place everyone here is is very
willing to help out whenever you have a
question or yeah
and and it's really really an amazing
amazing place it's very hot though very
hot and you're from Texas
on a whole different level right yeah
okay
um aside from the heat are there any
other dislikes what don't you like about
this place
um I'd say you know I've been to
Thailand and Thailand's very friendly
it's a little I think a little more on
edge than Thailand there's a lot more
poverty here it's kind of a an
eye-opening experience to come here and
see that
um
but uh other than that you just gotta
you just gotta be careful when when
you're in certain areas but other than
that it's it's fun okay have you had a
chance to go anywhere outside Cebu have
you visit other places I've been to
Battalion Island uh tell me about that
how was that amazing amazing beaches uh
very friendly people it's kind of a
low-key there's a city called Santa Fe
there that's that's the port that you
come into and it's pretty low-key I mean
good food great bars great desserts
great place now are you single in a
relationship with single have you got a
chance to meet any Filipinos over here
there's uh there's a lot of uh friendly
women here so okay any difference
between like dating here compared to the
U.S
um
I honestly I don't really date much in
the U.S but uh
maybe that says a lot
people are here a lot more approachable
myself to yourself yeah I agree I mean
it's it's very easy to just strike up a
conversation with somebody and ask them
hey you want to get you know dinner
tomorrow night and it's basically always
a yes well thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it thank you hi what's
your name hi my name is
now where are you from I was born in the
United States but I'm originally from
Somalia what part of the states are you
from I'm from Minnesota
and what brings you all the way down
here to the Philippines I'm actually a
student so I came down here to
yeah so
yeah I'm a student okay what are you
studying but
I see a lot of medical students here
yeah it's popular from Mexico I was
gonna say I guess a lot of international
students in school or there's quite a
few yeah okay and uh tell me what are
your initial impressions of the
Philippines honestly
where you're like visiting for the first
time ever yeah it feels like home
basically okay now of course you're
wearing a head scarf for a job do you
think there's discrimination in the
first week I know it's very early to
talk about I know some countries people
are really like standoffish when they
see that so anything with that any
experience with that not at all
actually they actually like they say we
love your
love you're like so far in your week
it's just so hot extremely fine humid oh
my God it's very humid okay amazing have
you had a chance to try any Filipino
food
I have had white rice but they're
popular for pork yeah and because of my
religion I'm not really supposed to eat
pork but
white rice you know I've not really seen
much but I feel like down the line I'll
be able to see you know much more but
right now the lines are like very blurry
in terms of like what they eat what they
don't eat so down the line maybe yeah
definitely and have you had a chance to
visit any nearby Islands yet or just
close to me but I do plan on visiting
some before school starts because I know
will be very hectic okay and I guess
that's in September August early August
yeah let's start August over here are
you nervous excited tell me about how
you feel about going back to school like
starting like a new chapter in your life
is not easy obviously moving like for
your family is not easy at all so it
plays a big role in starting this new
chapter honestly I wouldn't say I'd be
nervous but nothing in life is easy my
sister was living here for a year on her
own okay so kudos to her okay some might
consider that being you know Brave and
courageous so good for you thank you all
right thank you so much thank you hi
what's your name Tim uh where are you
from United States and what we did down
here to the Philippines uh vacation okay
how long have you been here
two days only two days yeah I went to
Thailand first for a week okay let's
talk about that in a second but first
tell me what are your initial
Impressions about the Philippines oh my
God weather's very hot yeah okay the
people are very nice
[Music]
um
the malls are fantastic for sure right
and I just got back from the seaside
mall and that that overlooking the ocean
is yeah breathtaking it's a beautiful
mall right it's got so many things going
on a lot of people everywhere
it was really packed I was there during
covet and there wasn't many people
inside I thought it was gonna fail for
sure but I was there recently and it's a
lot of people oh yeah see it was just
jam-packed today yeah definitely you've
been here only two days but is there
anything that you don't like so far
about the Philippines
not really I really liked it like I said
uh just the the humidity is so hot yeah
that you got like at least two showers a
day yeah I understand fully now are you
single are you married I'm single okay
so tell me a little bit about that have
you had a chance to meet any Filipinas
yet
um they've been very nice yeah they've
come up to me I had um three high school
kids came on holiday and they were doing
a project when they're supposed to MVP
different people okay and so we had a
very good conversation and that's why I
promise I'm not a high school kid so but
but they were they were doing it for a a
project yeah and so um I thought it was
that was my first day I thought that was
pretty cool yeah I noticed a lot of like
even University projects involved
dancing or singing in the Parks I've
seen a lot of that around here all right
yeah yeah okay and how long do you plan
to stay here I'm over here two weeks
compared to Thailand tell me a little
bit about that are there any differences
so far between Thailand Philippines
well I've only been here two days I had
a week in Thailand
I think the the biggest difference I've
seen is the infrastructure as a little
bit more advanced than Thailand yeah
than it is here the people are still
very nice yeah in both places and
they're just the infrastructure just
looks like it's more about like they've
got like uh I think four or five G over
there yeah here they only got 3G I think
um internet wise they're they're behind
the sidewalks here are very uh dangerous
yeah
over there they're pretty smooth and all
that but that's all that that's she made
these to say well thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it
hi what's your name my name is Manuel uh
where are you from I'm from Austria I
have family in Austria oh cool in
Salzburg it's a beautiful city yeah
actually I'm not far far from Salzburg
it's okay amazing and what are you doing
here in the Philippines I'm actually I'm
traveling or traveling already for seven
months in Asia and I have been to the
Philippines already twice yeah I really
like it here
it's my last destination now off the bed
I need to go back to work because money
finished yeah and yeah the people are
nice the islands are nice I really like
the attitude of the people here
definitely thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it thank you
what's your name my name is Georgia and
yours
and where are you girls from from the UK
okay and how long have you been here in
the Philippines
here we've been traveling since January
so we've been all around in Southeast
Asia so this is our last stop before we
go home pretty interesting what places
have you visited so far on your trip
it's your first time to the Philippines
yeah it's what were your first initial
impressions of the Philippines well
well let's start with
um because of the typhoon and okay yeah
so we had the effects of that yeah and
but then like after a few days it all
picked up so it was gorgeous so and we
went and did we went to small world
first so we went and started off the
canyon area and everything like that so
it was so much fun sounds wonderful any
different answer for yourself what were
your first impressions
yeah
yeah I wasn't impressed and then we got
down to the islands and then I loved it
yet it's used for about to do
um but yeah my first impressions was I
was in a bad mood the grumpy a little
bit right yeah
it's a different impression now so
that's great have you had a chance to
speak to any local Filipinos
and any dislikes so far something that
could be improved or better
um trouble yeah it's so hard to get
around yeah it's like one narrow road
that goes from one into the other right
it takes forever schedules with just a
nightmare to get on and off Islands so
that's one thing out here okay how are
you managing the heat oh my gosh
yeah
why not right thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it thank you and there
you go some people's initial impressions
of the Philippines and sometimes it may
start off as a nightmare but I guarantee
it ends up as a dream right so let me
know your comments down below let me
know what you think of the answers
anything you want to share if you take
your time to write it I'd take the time
to respond and if you found this video
informative entertaining or just want to
show your love for myself a living
abroad help me reach that 100 000
subscriber goal I know you guys can do
it hit the Subscribe button hit that
like button consider becoming a member
of the channel for exclusive content
like everything I mentioned before you
can see the details on the link in the
description down below now that's it for
this one I can't wait to see you guys in
the next video bye
thank you
