I sold everything sometimes there's a
scammer sometimes they're asking for
money I stole my passport hi what's your
name I'm Chad Rainey and where are you
from I'm from Texarkana which is half in
Texas and half in Arkansas oh wow I
never heard of Texas it's right in the
middle of four states just uh north of
Louisiana south of Oklahoma right in the
middle of the four states area and I
grew up I grew up on the Texas side and
I'm a Texan and I've been texting all my
life Wow and what brings you down here
to the Philippines
uh well actually I was gonna fly here
last year but uh during typhoons I kind
of I was kind of afraid to fly for 14
hours and I uh went to Costa Rica for
two months and I liked it but I didn't
know how to speak Spanish and I figured
I would come here uh funny thing is is I
started a medical supply company years
ago and I was 24 years old I broke back
when I was 13. when I was 24. I started
a medical supply company and all the
Filipinos were physical therapists and
occupational therapists and they're
actually from Cebu and uh just great
people I met great physical therapists
uh the Filipinos I met and then I
started meeting people online last year
and um
yeah
um and there are a lot of they're
honestly
sometime there's scammer sometimes
they're asking for money sometimes you
just gotta say no and
um that just it just but you know what
once I got here
um I didn't want to meet online yeah now
I don't now I just I literally uh I run
I run into people yeah and um
I don't know um online dating
it's hit or miss right like you don't
really know what kind of batch of people
it's going to be a transgender or
they're not they'd say they're a woman
but they're really not a woman like whoa
what's a surprise I don't want to deal
with it no you just mentioned in a few
minutes ago about you broke your back
did you say it I broke my neck you broke
your neck I broke my neck on a
three-wheeler in 1983. that was whenever
the three wheels were very dangerous
yeah Honda
um
came out with these three wheelers said
he's uh
ride on the Follow the Leader he's on a
Honda okay that was their model or
whatever right the old tagline and
um
I went I met some friends and I I was at
a church camp uh called Brook Hill and I
met a friend and his dad was very he was
very
successful up in Little Rock and I had
no idea I went and met him and then we
hopped him the Freewheel Road around and
I came home I told my dad I was like Dad
this would be awesome for you going
hunting because my dad yeah my dad was a
big hunter I thought it would be awesome
and uh and I hopped on it one day a game
came home to school and I was making a
turn and I put on the brakes through the
older they had handlebars down 10 feet
into the ditch and I broke my neck and
then um and is that why are you in a
wheelchair I guess yeah 40 years ago oh
my goodness 40 years yeah and there's no
medical advancement so I mean I can't
really see something going on but you
know I well just you know at that time
I was one of the first people in that
area
there's a place called Life Net in the
area and where they take the helicopters
and they take people to
um bigger city they think of Houston or
Dallas or Little Rock or or wherever uh
for better Healthcare yeah and 16 hours
after I broke my neck it took me in a
helicopter from Texarkana to Dallas and
six months I was in Dallas in the
hospital but that was just the very
beginning I was number now they've been
14 000 flights I was number 21. now I
feel like I always told the guys like he
told me I was number 21 I was like I
like 21 I like to play Blackjack I like
that yeah I just I was very blessed at a
certain time I was very I've been
the doctor said someone said I would
never walk again some of them said I
would never be able to do this do that
yeah and then I walked across stage got
my diploma and at that point I said you
know what
I accepted I couldn't walk yeah and I um
how is that in the Philippines because I
know as far as infrastructure goes a lot
of I assume struggling with ramps and
things like that everywhere yeah it's
not the the funny thing is whenever I
told people when people told me it's not
accessible
I was like oh you don't know Trump
you're like yeah it's it's not very
accessible but I found a little condo
just a couple blocks away and it's a
wheelchair accessible bathroom and it's
a one bedroom for like three hundred
dollars wow
17 000 pesos incredible you know and so
that's all I need I don't anything
bigger right now it's just myself and
I'm happy and
um
I just you know I've been very blessed
being here they're good people I met
good people and that bag of people yeah
I met a girl she was way very jealous
and I've asked her to go home since she
went home so you know it's just a hit or
miss sometimes but they're good people
and there are bad people you never know
let's say you're going to meet where
you're going to meet them just you know
in my wheelchair I go from here to the
mall the other mall and my I'm on I
don't go on the sidewalks yeah I'm in
the street I see I drive in the streets
and always there's there's always buys
people on bicycles people on motorcycles
Jeep needs service I mean I'm like yeah
I'm afraid of it being hit by a TV or
anything else but you know it's just
it is what it is there's some there's
some problems there's some I mean thing
is is somebody in a wheelchair here it's
not the most successful place to live
okay but
I live right across the street I live
two blocks away I have two two blocks
away from the mall here I'm gonna eat
here and I uh I need friends here I met
people who the alcohol AAA meeting yeah
I'm at field AAA meetings and I met
people that are drinking beer on the on
the fourth floor in the social room okay
the social so and I know I mean I know I
met a lot of people I met a guy who he
owns his own Island and his own house on
his own Island my goodness and he has a
condo here so I mean there's I met
people that
from
all around the world right there's
people from everywhere here where are
you from I'm from Canada yeah so a lot
of Canadians here Americans a lot of
Canadians a lot of people from the UK a
lot from Australia uh link
instein I got lincolnstein I don't know
like 30 000 people that live on the
country of Liechtenstein and it's the
most the richest people in the world
live there yeah I had no idea I'm like
it just um
I met a guy from
huh
South Korea
um and he lived in California and he
moved here and then he's married to a
Filipinos yeah you know there are people
that when they find a good woman they
find a good woman and they're very
caring
um
very there's a lot of people that have a
lot of love they're more empathy yeah
they're just they're they're good people
but they're but you know I just think
that it's kind of the like any country
there's gonna be opportunists right
they're trying to like you know
obviously if you have a little bit of
money or successful like any other place
yeah I'm happier here than I am and uh
our country now and what is the reason
for that I'm curious that why would you
choose to live in the Philippines
instead of the U.S many people dream to
go to America so what is it that brought
me not happy with our country I'm not
happy with uh our president
um
I think you know he needs to retire I
think he needs I I don't I don't want to
get into politics yeah I don't want to
get into politics but I just think that
you know maybe somebody needs to step up
from the Democratic side and then
Republican side and then just go Toe to
Toe got it with somebody that can
get a younger president or get somebody
you know somebody just I wasn't a huge
Trump fan but yeah Trump I mean I mean
but now I mean in my opinion
Hillary Clinton she had she had files
yeah she left with they never they never
filed anything against her yeah I mean
people a lot of people have taken their
stuff in the past and I just don't I was
something apothesis anyways right so I'm
curious would you like stay here
permanently if you meet like a very nice
Filipino you said you're single right
yeah I'm single I'm actually out of 16 I
got here eight months ago I was in my
passport for six more months yeah I did
for six more months if I go somewhere
and just for if I go somewhere I have a
10-year Visa if you know my country
I love my country
and I love my family yeah but my mother
has Alzheimer's
and uh
it's hard to go see her and I can
imagine you can't talk to me like I used
to um
and uh my parents just celebrated their
60th 60th wedding anniversary 16 years
that's amazing so hopefully you'll get
there soon too right yeah now so this is
a place you can see yourself retiring if
you meet the right person and things
yeah and I'll you know if I do man I've
found people that have land on other
Islands yeah and I would I would uh
well I've never I've I've been to Makati
and Manila and it's just so busy it was
like being in New York City I was like I
didn't want to jump I don't want to be
like yeah the uh but I like it here it's
just sedan City there are better doctors
here they're better uh I bet nurses here
doctors here amazing people yeah
veterans I've had a lot of veterans yeah
there's a lot of veterans that come here
to live here it's so much cheaper I mean
you can live I mean you can't live sir I
don't think people can live here for a
thousand base a thousand dollars a year
necessarily but no people always they're
always people always put stuff on
YouTube
for a thousand dollars less like oh it's
always two three thousand
I mean
I like Thai food I like Vietnamese food
I've got everything here huh I've said
tacos for lunch I mean you can have
whatever you want it's just it's just
there's places when you go to like
different stores you can't get
certain things
you'll never be able to get everything
that you want in the USA or Canada
you can't get Canadian of course
Canadian bacon you can't get it you're
not going to get it Egg McMuffin muffin
it's just different but you know but if
you could accept those things
it's very minor changes yeah it's very
minority I'm so much happier here I'm
writing my I've written several books
and I'm finishing my book oh wow trust
your passion and uh it'll be up on
Amazon the next couple of months
and I'm just I'm happier and uh
that's all that matters right like I
mean in life if you're happy everything
also looks secondary right and
everything positive will be just a bonus
so I'm glad that you're having a great
time here any final advice or anything
you want to tell people that are
considering coming to the Philippines
um if you're gonna come here and you're
in a wheelchair
get get a hotel room
uh find a hotel room online
um
yeah
I like being here within this the this
is called the CB the Cebu Business Park
I like it it's a safer neighborhood yeah
it's very safe there there are cameras
every on every corner everywhere so
there's not gonna be I don't see any
crime at all I don't see anything when I
was in Costa Rica I was downtown Costa
Rica San Jose and I saw a guy this two
guys left behind this big black guy and
they pulled his black uh chain off the
back of his neck and ran in different
directions I've never seen any kind of
crap yeah a lot of people are concerned
about safety in the Philippines too I
told somebody the other day I was in the
Philippines and they were abroad like
Philippines they're dangerous there I'm
like no I haven't seen anything
personally oh I've never seen you I mean
I well I will say this a little backpack
I came a backpack right here one day
over behind me I was I was I've been in
real estate for 10 years okay
and I sold about a thousand house over
the last 10 years I was with Remax and
then I was with Keller Williams and then
my point is and so I'm still in real
estate
and
and I'm working at night I call people
in the U.S and maybe three in the
morning there but maybe two o'clock in
the afternoon there it says 13 hour
difference yeah actually back then it
was 14 hour difference and I called
people in the middle of the night talk
about business and at some point like
how can I hear and have a cup of coffee
I fall asleep and so I took my backpack
off and I sat it down and I fell asleep
for an hour somebody ran by and I
grabbed my back yeah that's all my
passport stole my my Kindle stole my
iPhone my phone stole everything hit
that didn't steal my phone but they sold
my extra phone my local phone I had here
so you know it's the only thing I've
ever seen if you're ever here hold your
personal little items mostly yeah
whether it's McDonald's whatever it is
don't get too comfortable and watch out
for your grab your phone yeah hold your
phone in your hand just be careful
that's the only thing I see sometimes
people still respond
or whatever
I like it here it's a different I've
never been here before my grandfather he
was here in World War II okay
and he shipped a coconut
back to my grandmother wow and I've had
that
up on my shelf all right so
ever since he passed away
me anyway but he was he was in a war and
he was here and uh in the Philippines
but he sent a coconut back to my
grandmother and uh Texarkana and so when
I left I took my coconut to my dad I
said I'm going I'm going to Costa Rica
up or I'm north of that and uh
just
I sold everything yeah I had I got rid
of my van I don't need all that stuff
anymore
a friend of mine he has a van here I can
read his bath in your Vander right here
yeah
um if I stay here a long time I'll buy a
van here
it's just let's [ __ ] yeah okay I got
the end of it basically it's a night the
weather it's what 85 degrees right now
it's I mean it's you're yeah you get a
little you can see me wiping my sweat
throughout the whole incident it's still
humid it's not humid but we just started
a rainy season yeah rainy season just
started and so um and the typhoon we
just missed the typhoon so you know
typhoons happen I know that I've been
I've had virtual assistants for 15 years
okay I hired 15 years ago for 300 a
month 240 hours a week wow and what
could they help you with specifically uh
building websites I built a website and
I told them to all the content I carried
all the content for all the pages nice
inspirational speaking for a while yeah
I've done everything okay I've been
Insurance I've been in real estate I was
gonna say what like what are you using
right now for income like are you fully
retired do you have some sort of can I
add
first lawsuit in the state of Texas
against Honda okay so and that's the
time in 1983 1985
I'm sorry that's 83 1988 those five
years there were a thousand people that
were killed on Three Rivers oh my
goodness and there were 350 000 people
in the ER wow
so it was a crazy period of time I took
action my dad and my my good friend
who's a lawyer he had we had a big
lawsuit and we were gonna we were gonna
sue them yeah and we took him to court
and then with the sellout uh the weekend
before we went to court and
um
I was doing that my dad took suddenly he
said yes and uh
I'm a fighter and you know we you know
the thing is is
um I've been very blessed but at the
same time I made a lot of change
positive changes you know I was in
People magazine I was on TV shows uh
Gary Collins
um one of the girls from the Charlie's
Angels you know yeah Jacqueline Smith
and uh I just I was it was crazy in the
80s I mean I got out of my cap and Run
DMC got into my cab it was just like it
was just wild times it was it was it
crazy crazy time in my life and uh
but in those five years a thousand
people were and then like at 86. they
took them off the market so I mean if we
think between not just we had a lawsuit
but also I we asked to be a few People
magazine and said sure we'd love to so
they flew here could visit me take
photos and then the next day
after that then they call my mom and
said would you come out to be in La yeah
to be on TV and uh
so it's just been different ones it was
crazy I mean I remember calling my
friends from a cell phone in L.A and
limousine because they picked us
limousines every time I was like guess
what I'm calling you from
yes like 85
it was different back then all right man
well thank you so much for your time and
for all the experience it's so good to
meet you I've seen you interviewing
people and I never knew where I got here
I was like you talk to people at Iowa
and like and I saw you just meeting
other people and then I saw you talking
to somebody else I was like that's the
same guy yeah thanks for saying hi I
appreciate that because a lot of people
would be interested in your story they
might be in the wheelchair themselves
though I don't know if it's okay to come
here or just have questions right and
it's always good to hear someone's story
and you seem to have an incredible one
you're very strong of course and I
appreciate you saying hello to me yeah
exactly exactly and also my website will
be trustyourpassion.com that will go
live soon so you can see there also
thank you for your time thank you man
take care
leave a comment
s dark and gentlemen that's living in
the Philippines now instead of the US
while still being disabled share with us
if you take the time to write it at
taking time to respond and if you found
this video entertaining interesting
orange my story support for myself at
living abroad please hit that like
button share this video consider
becoming a member of the channel and
I'll see you guys in the next one bye
foreign
[Music]
