the Philippines is an island nation
located in the western Pacific the
region boasts one of the world's longest
combined coastlines due to the nation's
set of thousand tropical islands these
islands have beautiful coral reefs and
spectacular diving while life like whale
sharks and Duggan's and mountainous
tropical rainforests here is a look at
some of the best places to visit in the
Philippines
the huge orange eyes and tiny fingers of
the minuscule tarsier serve as the
spokesmodel for the island of Bohol just
a short trip from Cebu this area is one
of the few remaining homes for this tiny
primate the unique geologic oddity of
the chocolate Hill serves as the second
draw for the non-diverse to the region
Cebu is an island province in the
Philippines consisting of the main
island itself and 167 surrounding
islands its capital Cebu City is the
oldest in the Philippines and home to
the nation's second international
airport the city is a smaller but
similarily busy version of Manila with
many of the same urban benefits of mail
all cutting edge and cultural
this Asian mega city is the capital of
the Philippines the fly end point for
most tourists and a bustling opportunity
to appreciate bounce of culture new and
old from tall gleaming buildings on the
skyscraper gazing tour to the
turn-of-the-century landmarks on the
self-guided downtown tour there is much
to see in Manila
one of the best places to visit in the
Philippines Pahlawan is an island
province that stretches from minority
borneo between the south china and
silver seas where del Princesa which is
close to large karst formations with an
underground river is the provincial
capital
visit to the Crystal ago Street region
of this town is like a step back to
colonial times horses pull carts along
cobblestone streets and dark wood
mansions flank the sides as a reminder
of the grand life that many enjoyed in
this colonial Spanish trading post at
the time many goods like beeswax and
gold were traded to China for exotic
Asian items the mud walls rise terraces
in banyu we are reason enough to take
the bus trip from Manila to this unique
indigenous town the agricultural
engineering system represented here was
built 2,000 years ago and passed on from
generation to generation though the
serene and impressive flats would be
enough to make this a must-see the
spectacular with carp rice Guardians
make the trip even more worthwhile
endless white sand beaches colorful
Palfinger sailboats rides and beautiful
resorts grace this island that has been
consistently and the top three beaches
in the world by travelers i'ts
the most populous region of waraqa is
the central part of wide beach which has
the most opportunities for food
adventure shopping and public merriment
moving further away more remote options
are available but they come with reduced
the manatees
located in the province of source aw
gone a place of pristine beaches
stunning waterfalls and unexplored caves
the sleepy fishing village of dancehall
is the place in the Philippines to see
whale sharks they like tropical waters
which makes thoughts Albay a great
habitat for them
my d'Oro is an island that consists of
two different regions mines or oriental
and mined or walks a dental which are
separated from one another by a high
mountain range the north that the region
is mostly promote and home to the
primitive manga and tribe this trip is
well worth it for divers however as the
town of Sabin is the doorway to the
island of Penguin and the pristine
Aparri Maureen Natural Park the towel
volcano that sits majestically above the
town of Doug day is a combination of
active and extinct craters that create a
beautiful tapestry of must-sees Lake
towel is nestled inside the old town
volcano crater and the central island
for the Lakers the currently active
volcano craters which can be seen
steaming on certain days
