Video ID: 8DYPxsr7kDI
Title: Filipinas:  Do Not Show Up LATE - Dating A Foreigner

Transcript:
[Music]
today's video is going to primarily be
towards you filipinas I normally am
talking to the foreigners and actually I
will after this first part in the same
video after addressing you with
Filipinas then I'll have some just some
commentary for the the foreigners so
let's go ahead and jump right into it
what is the purpose here of this video
I'll tell you what it's not I'm I don't
know you I've never met you I'm sure
you're a sweet woman but there is an
issue that needs to be addressed and
chances are if you're if your boyfriend
sent you this video it's either because
he's warning you ahead of time or this
has already become an issue in getting
to know you now I understand the culture
in Philippines is very different things
kind of move a different way but that's
also true about Western culture or any
culture really outside the Philippines
and if you're going to date a foreigner
my purpose here is not to criticize you
my purpose is not to put you down in any
way again I've never met you I don't
know anything about you but my purpose
here is to help you my purpose here is
to make your dating experience with a
foreigner go smoother okay that's the
whole goal of this video so how can we
do that well out of all the things that
can happen especially when you're
looking to make that first impression
the first few dates we're talking about
may be the first five dates especially
if you're if you're still together after
four or five dates you're kind of sort
of entering into a regular relationship
where you know each other a bit and but
those first four dates or so is your
chance to make a good impression now yes
it'll be nice that you know you do your
makeup or you put on a nice dress or you
do your hair those are all good things
to do to make a good impression but
where so many Filipinos drop the ball
and ruin things before they ever get a
chance to even get
started he's on this one important and
I'll emphasize that again important
issue which is showing up on time okay
so you're it's your first second third
or fourth date this is your chance to
really impress him on this one key point
so what we're gonna do in our example is
we're going to say that the foreigner
has asked you out you met him somewhere
got exchanged numbers you talked a bit
and now you're gonna have your first
date
or your second day and so you both
talked about it and as you're talking
about it you're discussing what time you
get off work what time you get off
school when is a good day when is a good
time where's a place easy to meet these
are generally how you set an appointment
and the crucial part is what time so for
our example we're gonna say that you're
foreigner boyfriend and you agree after
he has asked you what time you get off
work
in this example we'll say that you get
off work at five o'clock and that you
need a little bit of time to go home
again do your makeup whatever and get to
the place so let's say that you get off
work five o'clock and you both agree
that you're gonna meet at 7 o'clock that
gives you two hours you agreed this is
enough time for you to get home do what
you're gonna do and then get on a
jeepney and get to the location now
let's say that it's at the mall and you
agree okay you're gonna meet at the mall
at Starbucks seems like everybody meets
at Starbucks so you're gonna be you both
agree you're gonna get off work at 5:00
and then you're gonna do what you got to
do and then you're gonna get there and
you're gonna both meet both you're gonna
both be there at 7:00 p.m. at the
Starbucks at the mall
so when you get off work at five o'clock
and if you know that it takes 20 to 30
minutes for the jeepney to get from your
home or wherever you're gonna be coming
from if it takes 20 30 minutes for the
jeepney to arrive at the Starbucks at
7:00 p.m. this means you need to be on
that jeepney no later than 6:30
because again you subtract 30 minutes
from 7 o'clock and at 6:30 so you get
off work at 5:00 you go home
you do what you got to do you look at
the clock and you go oh my goodness at
6:20 I better start heading out the door
so I can get the jeepney because you
already know sometimes the genies are
full sometimes the genies are late so
you're gonna need to get out there at
6:20 to get on the genie at 6:30 so that
you can arrive at the mall by 650 or
7:00 p.m. on time now that's what you
need to do that's what you need to do
and if you if your boyfriend or your
upcoming date sent you this video it's
because either you've already been late
once before or his previous dates were
late and he doesn't want you to be late
because being late to a foreigner is
very rude very rude and and I understand
that there's Filipino time and all that
but when it comes to a date you do not
keep a date waiting and waiting and
waiting you don't do that
it's very rude so I'm gonna be talking
to the foreigners here in a moment after
we just cover this and and I will tell
you right now
general courtesy says that you wait for
a business appointment about 15 minutes
if the person has not contacted you that
they're running late and 15 minutes ago
by the person waiting has the option to
get up and leave now if they get a text
that says within those 15 minutes I'm
almost there I'm in traffic I'm on my
way well then you can give them another
15 minutes okay now here is the problem
a foreigner will wait and it'll be five
minutes to seven or even seven or even
seven ten in our example and the
foreigner will get a text from a
Filipina saying I'm on my way and then
he'll get another text at 7:20 saying
I'm almost out of the shower I'm gonna
go get the jeepney
now here here is something that that
drives foreigners nuts if you're gonna
be somewhere at 7 p.m. you don't leave
your house at 7 p.m. I know that seems
simple but it happens all the time
and it drives foreigners and nuts
because you cannot be at the Starbucks
at 7 p.m. if you're leaving your house
half an hour away at 7 p.m. it's
impossible it's impossible you're not
gonna get there in 30 seconds if it
takes 30 minutes which again this is why
you leave early now I know a lot of
excuses come up and the text will be
well I'm late I'm the the traffic and I
couldn't get a jeepney and I was waiting
on my babysitter and I just got out of
the shower and my brother you know went
to the sari-sari store how that connects
with anything nobody knows but here's
the thing is we foreigners know that
every single day filipinas wake up every
single day millions of them and they
they get on a jeepney for 30 minutes and
they show up at work and they clock in
on time every day six days a week if
they got to start their shift at 8:00
a.m. or 7:00 a.m.
they already know they got to leave
early they already know they got to
account for the jeepney they already
know how long it takes to get from the
street to their time clock so that they
can clock in on time so we know you can
do it which is why when we wait for up
to two hours because we're being told
I'm almost there I'm almost there
and really you haven't even left the
house yet or decided to stop by your
sister's house to borrow some shoes at
7:15 when you should have been at the
Starbucks at 7 o'clock so I will tell
you I'm telling you this because I want
your date to go good
so my recommendation to you filipinas is
please show up on time treat it as if it
was your starting shift for your job
it's that important because we know you
can do it we know you can plan and
arrive the place on time because you do
it for work all the time or you do it
for school so when when you leave us
waiting for half an hour an hour hour
and a half two hours it tells us we're
not that important to you we're not
important enough that you would plan
ahead and be there on time that's what
it tells us so if what we're sitting
there waiting alone thinking you know if
she really wanted to be here on time she
would have left earlier
I guess she's really not that interested
so as I mentioned a common courtesy is
to wait 15 minutes and if there's a text
we'll wait another 15 minutes after 30
minutes even with excuses the person
waiting has the right to just reschedule
or cancel the meeting the date so do not
expect a foreigner to wait more than 30
minutes it won't matter how many excuses
you got you could have been there on
time and so after 30 minutes if if
you're not there expect that a foreigner
may very well
get up out of this chair pay for his
coffee and leave and what he does after
that he may give you another chance on
another day you know he might reschedule
and say you know I had plans now we're
gonna miss the movie that I had planned
or we're gonna miss this or that so
we're gonna have to reschedule now if
you're lucky he will reschedule on
another day if you're not so lucky he's
gonna say you know what she's just not
taking this serious so he's gonna get
out his phone and he's gonna go through
his contacts or he's gonna go on one of
the dating apps and or he's gonna just
walk into the mall he's gonna find
someone else to go out with who can be
there on time so if you want a good
dating experience with your foreigner
boyfriend show up on time if you show up
half an hour late
45 minutes late an hour late don't
expect him to be there don't expect them
to be there I mean some men are very
patient maybe even too patient and if
you're lucky he's one of those guys but
really he's already been insulted
you've already been rude to him you
already had him sitting there waiting
for an hour because you didn't think it
was important enough to leave on time
okay so that's it that's it if you
really want your date to go good plan on
being there five minutes before
if he says 7 o'clock plan on being there
five minutes to seven and you'll impress
him okay
now that's all I really have to share
with you filipinas if you want you can
end the video right now I'm going to
talk to the expats now and we're just
gonna kind of like go over this
ourselves now if you've been dating in
the Philippines for any period of time
again I've been dating on and off here
for the last six years and when I dated
in the United States it was it would
happen its life sometimes you do get
caught in traffic and the thing is
though pretty consistently if a date was
going to
delay more than 5-10 minutes I usually
got a text and they would text I'm at
such-and-such intersection they would
let me know where they were so that I
could calculate okay well you know
traffic there at this intersection
you know there's communication and and
it's usually honest communication I'll
give you an example
I was now meanwhile in the Philippines
give an example I was in CDO and I
hadn't even planned on going out on a
date that night but a Filipina contacted
me on Facebook and said hey I heard
you're in CDO I want to meet you at the
mall and you know big fan of your videos
all that I said okay
so I got dressed and I said okay let's
go meet at the mall at 6:30 and we can
get some dinner and get to know each
other so I arrived at 6:15 I got there a
little bit early even though I had never
been decidió I I got on the taxi early
and and I got there at 6:15 at the mall
and then I had to I'd only been there
once before so I had to find my way to
where we were gonna meet at the food
court and by 6:30 I was there waiting at
the food court and I waited until 7:00
we were supposed to meet at 6:30 and by
7:00 no texts nothing saying that she's
late nothing and then around 7:00 I got
a text and are you there well of course
I'm there it's 6:30 or it's 7:00 and we
were gonna meet at 6:30 so yes I am here
and and then it became this tumbling
random text I'm almost there
I'm just about there I'm in the jeepney
now this went on until 7:30 7:45 now
this went on until 8:15 it had already
been almost two hours an hour and 45
minutes and she finally at 8:15 said
after already telling me she got out of
the shower after telling me she's
already on her way now at 8:15 she says
oh my sister showed up so now she's
gonna watch my baby and now
can leave the house and I said well
where are you how far are you from the
mall and she goes oh it's not far it's
only 30 minutes now she's already an
hour 45 minutes late she already told me
she's on her way and now she's telling
me she's about to leave the house at
8:15 when she was supposed to be there
at 6:30 and she's not gonna get there
till quarter to 9:00 which is 15 minutes
before the mall closes so I told her no
I'm leaving I mean I really shouldn't
have waited beyond half an hour but
again I believed the text she was
sending me and that's the message that
I'm gonna share with you expats I've
made this mistake believing what they
tell me now I have a whole new approach
to it and this is what I want to
recommend to all expats I think we need
to communicate to all Filipinos through
our actions that we're gonna have from
now on a standard rule a standard rule
which is if if there's no text to
explain why they're late 15 minutes
after the date no text at all we're free
to walk away if there is a text within
the first 15 minutes of them being late
and they're saying they're on their way
we'll give them another 15 minutes
because that 15 minutes plus the next 15
minutes makes 30 minutes now if after 28
minutes they're still telling us well
I'm on my way I'm almost there when they
should have been there a half hour ago
we need to let them know it will be our
decision whether we will exercise or
exercise our right or not - now walk out
because they're more than 30 minutes
late so if they say I'm almost there
and and I'm like don't leave because I'm
almost there we have the option to
either leave at the 30 minute mark or if
they're telling the truth if they're
telling the truth that they really are
almost there give them one last 15
minutes shot that's a total of 45
minutes we don't have to give them that
but if we're being really generous to
the patient that day we go okay and if
she's still not there
after explicitly saying that she's
almost there
in the next 15 minutes which is now 45
minutes late we got to just walk we got
to just leave even if they do show up at
40 44 minutes we need to just go because
it's just insane there has to be
consequences this is why they show up on
time at their job every day because
there would be consequences they would
be fired if they showed up at work every
day an hour or two hours late they would
get fired and and if this girl is trying
to make a good impression on us and she
can't even respect our time to show up
within 45 minutes of the agreed time
she's understand
we're rescheduling tonight's date is
done in fact at 30 minutes we really
have the option to just walk the extra
15 minutes is like the last bit of grace
she's gonna get but really at 30 minutes
if she tells us after being 15 minutes
late that she's almost there and she's
still not there 30 minutes late we
really got to start walking we just got
to go and either reschedule that if we
really want to go out with her
reschedule it reschedule it to the next
day the next weekend whatever there
needs to be a consequence to making us
wait it's just really extremely rude and
and we also have the option of just
going you know I I want to be with a
girl who wants to be with me wants to be
with me enough that she'll show up on
time not leave me lollygagging around
for two hours while she's picking out a
pair of shoes at her sister's house
before she even gets on the jeepney
know we need to start
down line 15 minutes wait a little
longer if there's a text within that
first 15 minutes if they're still not
there in 15 minutes and now it's the
31st minute we really got to just walk
just walk and and if you're really that
disgusted find someone else to date you
know you're probably already at the mall
just go and chat up to girl and ask her
what time she gets off work and then
take her out you know or get on get on
one of the the dating apps and and say
hey what are you doing at 8 o'clock I'm
already at the mall you know my date
didn't show up you want to meet and then
take them to the movies you know take
them to a nice dinner because the other
girl again you know if she's gonna show
up late and unannounced bring along some
friend that she never mentioned and and
just show up with this other friend and
say oh I hope it's okay
well no that's not gonna fly either we
need to just say you know I had a date
scheduled with you you showed up half an
hour late with a friend we're gonna talk
about this over text but tonight's date
is not gonna happen sorry and then just
walk away and and you know again if
she's gonna say well I got all the way
over here yeah you got over here half an
hour late with an extra friend so we
really got to start laying down the law
and again it'll start communicating
through action that no the days of us
waiting around an hour or two hours for
them to show up and totally change the
schedule totally change the plan totally
everything that's got to end so 15
minutes if they contact us we'll give
them another 15 minutes if they're still
not there after 30 minutes we have the
free and clear option to just walk
reschedule the date or get a date with
someone else we really got to start
doing this and I believe as we do
they're gonna start realizing you know
we should show up on time because the
girls that show up on time there they're
getting the dates with the foreigners
and the foreigners are walking
from the girls who show up two hours
late so it's gonna take some time it's
gonna taste some consistency and that's
that's really what I'm putting out there
for all you expats when you get out here
don't don't become a doormat don't don't
sit there and wait desperately for two
hours for her to show up while she she's
because here's the other thing if she
tells you she's on her way at 10 minutes
after 7:00 and then she tells you 30
minutes later she's about to get on the
jeepney you know what that means
she lied to you so not only is she
showing that she can't be punctual
she's showing that she can't she can't
be counted on to tell the truth and if
she claims oh well I misunderstood I
thought you meant you wanted me to leave
the house at 7:00 and and then just show
up and I'll be there when I get there
well even that is not a big improvement
over lying because that shows that
there's really a communication problem
if you're gonna date a girl you want to
date a girl that you could communicate
with and if she can't figure out the
difference between arriving somewhere at
7:00 and leaving her house at 7:00 you
probably want somebody with better
English skills than that so that's my
recommendation to you expats a 30-minute
grace period after that it's up to you
you want to sit around for two hours
fine I'm saying we need to start laying
down the law and just saying you know if
you can't show up within 30 minutes of
the agreed time I'll find someone who
will that's what we need to communicate
all right love to hear your feedback
tell me your stories about Filipinos how
late they showed up how how long you
waited how it went and we'll talk about
it there in the comment section all
right
see you then
[Music]
[Music]
you
