Video ID: _AWKKCUJnk0
Title: How to travel Philippines - Watch this before coming! (Finally Open?)

Transcript:
philippines is finally open
and i'm sure
so many people who have been before so
many people who wanted to go for a long
time
that's something what people have been
waiting for and today
i am planning a future trip right now
and i want to share with you a bit
how i would do it if i would be coming
for the first time to the philippines so
i want to share with you some of my
favorite places step by step
[Music]
things that i want to do when i will be
back and also generally if you have
never been some of my first impressions
when i came to the country for the very
first time in 2018
my impressions of the people of the
culture how i felt being on the ground
with the philippines right now it looks
like they're one of the most open and
easily accessible destinations in all of
southeast asia the process seems fairly
clear-cut while they do have regulations
in place
as of right now all you need to do is
either a antigen test 24 hours before
or a pcr and i think you also
need to have a travel insurance i will
link all the different things in the
descriptions i have to say it looks
pretty tempting and that's also why i'm
planning future trip the slogan is it's
more fun
with you so let's say we're heading out
we're gonna be hopping on a plane and
more likely than not the first stop in
the philippines would be manila the
capital city it's a huge place metro
manila very different areas and while
most people choose to completely just
skip the area i would say if you got the
time stay for a few days they got a very
nice business district if you're just
traveling outside quite interesting is
also the old town intramurals there's a
lot of spanish colonial history just
stop by trust me you know the people in
the philippines that's what if you're
gonna be in manila you're gonna know
this right away there's gonna be so many
smiles people will wanna talk to you
then i would say we're gonna be
catching a plane a plane into well blue
water paradise or let's call this place
palawan it's one of the most popular
islands of the philippines yet the thing
i like about the philippines it still
feels not too overrun well there are
developed tourist towns like el nido in
palawan overall still if you head out
into nature if you head out to the
islands
you can still discover a lot you can
still find a lot of places that seem
like not too many people have been there
before and the whole el nido and coron
area there are fairly developed there's
easy to get there the nature around them
el nido the limestones the waters just
take one of these boats that look like a
spider like the more local boats just
head out there's a lot of different
tours that they do and also a lot of
different accommodation options so el
nido if you want to go the more tourist
route or coron quran itself is
interesting you have to take another
boat there and the limestones and the
lagoons it's truly truly different so
but if you want to go a bit more off the
beaten path and i think this is really
what philippines offers there's a few
companies like for example kiluma they
offer trips to more secluded places more
secluded islands uh particularly i think
you call them lina pakan so they're in
between the two more tourist hops of el
nido and koran in there it's just going
to be you the crew from the boat maybe
some local people who live on the island
you can count them on a few hands
probably so very local tropical village
life truly a once in a lifetime
experience and this is kind of what
philippines stands for me
so
after you soaked up the blue water vibes
of koran
the next big hop around in the area is
cebu it's also one of the largest city
in the philippines so if you're just
interested in more regular city life
cebu is also worth stopping over for a
few days but that's the main city if you
head down the cebu island there's really
a lot to see if i would say you can go
to only one place in the philippines
that's probably
where i would stop so on the one side
you have a lot of waterfalls like the
kawasan falls on the other side there's
and next from the mainland there's also
a few islands very easily accessible
there's boats as well as ferry running
so maybe for example bohol
one of the bigger islands so they got a
few nice hotels a few nice restaurants a
good amount actually but again the thing
i love about the philippines if you head
up the island it's still
very nice and quiet and i would say it's
very very safe but at the same time you
feel the adventure do you feel that not
every street is made for you to ride on
you feel that this is actually people
going about their day-to-day life while
around you you see the tropical paradise
of palm trees of blue waters and beaches
and i would say this is probably one of
the places i'm kind of like nostalgic
for the most i don't know if i will be
going back exactly there but there are
so many places that are now open and you
can go to driving around there
feeling the freedom on your own two
wheels
be the motorbike be the scooter
really yeah you know experiences to
write home about and from there there's
another smaller island it's called the
siquijor island with a few nice cafes a
few nice accommodations you can actually
round up the whole place in a few hours
and this is one of many very unique
islands which is absolutely surrounded
by again blue waters and on the other
hand if you want to have a bit more of a
vacation vibe a bit more of a resort
feeling
this is where boracay would come in it's
actually one of the most popular places
in the world for tourism like that blue
water beaches palm trees boracay usually
tourists from all over the world there
right now i think it will be a bit
quieter which probably will make it a
little bit more enjoyable but there you
have everything five star hotels some
nightlife
i liked it for a few days kind of like
to have a calm down time in a hotel
but in terms of traveling i would say
it's more of a vacation destination as
such and this is kind of the places that
i look back
the most on during the few visits that i
had in the philippines so when i am
traveling my future trip which
might be actually fairly soon
this is what i am looking on i hope it
gave you a few ideas a bit of
inspiration and
i don't know out of all the different
tropical countries i have been to right
now i'm recording this video for you
here out of thailand there are
similarities but there's a certain
uniqueness about philippines nature and
the whole vibe in the energy in the air
that yeah keeps drawing you back in and
so that's why i'm also wanted to film
this video right now because i know a
lot of people are um
planning their trips and i hope this
gave you a little bit of inspiration on
the other hand there's also a lot of
places that are not as known or as
common as i mentioned in this video for
example i have been for a long time
looking at banawa rice fields i think
that's how you call them so rice fields
people usually think about bali if you
mention that in the tropical context but
philippines also has that as well as
huge volcanoes a few of them so all of
these
so these places is something that i
would be really eyeing for my next
visit and if you have been in the
philippines or if you are from the
philippines and you're watching this if
you have recommendations from let's say
outside of the things that i have
mentioned here you're welcome to let us
know in the comments below maybe you
have a bit of a travel guide for us as
well personally i'm
i don't have an exact date but and
definitely in the near future i plan to
be back and if you are new here by any
chance
well my name is dan and for the past um
a little bit over five years now i've
been documenting my life here around on
the one side to travel travel
experiences a little bit of adventure
but even more so
building a life around the world
building life in a few different
locations and if i look at my life and i
would say hey i have to choose three or
let's say maybe better five places to
spend my year where i can maybe hop
around every few months this is kind of
like the lifestyle i've been living for
the past few years and talking about
philippines would definitely be on it so
if that's something you're into make
sure to subscribe you can also join me
on instagram to see where i am
right now and to connect with me further
so on that note youtube
got a world to see
peace out
[Music]
you
