Video ID: mCGXIuMuMkM
Title: They said don't go to Mindanao Philippines, I didn't listen (First time in Davao city)

Transcript:
hello and welcome back to the channel
I'm here in D men now they told me not
to come here because it might be
dangerous but I don't believe them
actually I'm here in uh People's Park
right now I have to go get a SIM card
and get some money out so in this video
I'm going to show you guys exactly what
the V Mena looks like and if I made a
mistake coming here let's go already I
see some good signs a lot of people here
waving at me they wav me down so let's
go see what this is all about yeah of
course what's your name Y how you doing
yeah I'm good what's your name no my
name is Jonathan are my classmates over
here say hi why are there so many women
here where's all the guys no we're just
doing a film oh okay I'm making a film
too yeah you're filming also yes of
course we're doing Vlog for our subject
in school Vlog okay what's subject uh
philosophy and Earth and life why is
everybody dancing here is what I want to
know no I I don't know I think there are
different schools they're dancing okay
how old are you guys 16 16 17 High
School yeah Senior High Senior High okay
but still in high school still in high
school got it okay well it's my first
day here so the girls and guys are very
nice thank you thank you did you did you
go to magai park it's nice over there I
don't know what that is but I'll check
it out you you just you just asked for
people that where is Magi it's nice over
there what's wrong with this park it's
it's okay all right well thank you okay
well that didn't take long people here
are so friendly they're in high school I
told them uh maybe not to pursue
philosophy cuz there aren't too many
jobs in a philosopher unless you're part
of the Harry Potter books and the
philosopher stone I never read those
books anyway so good start to this day
let's see if you can find out some other
places some other things to see here in
uh the city okay I see something
interesting here I'm going to grab it
right now hi what is this sweet corn
sweet corn how do hey who's this guy hi
what's that ice cream ice cre okay what
kind of flavors you have Dorian avocado
Dorian avocado and
black charcoal charcoal charcoal Charco
charcoal what does it taste like I know
I had charcoal ice cream so I want to
have one of those uh yes one charcoal
please and uh one sweet corn just a
small one thank you what's your name sir
GP GP GP okay GP ice cream GP ice cream
okay oh yeah yeah awesome and what's
your name uh Alberto Alberto Alberto boo
boo what do you sell Boco juice Boco
juice coconut juice yeah coconut juice
coconut delicious juice the same your
name same as your name what's your
name okay oh you put some cheese in
there too oh yeah corn with cheese okay
all right taste butter condensed milk
cheese butter and condensed milk this
guy's trying to kill me it's a heart
attack right here I just wanted corn but
I guess I have no choice now just a
charcoal yeah thank you oh I was going
to take your plastic how how much is
this 30 okay okay so I never had black
charcoal ice cream before I don't know
better not taste like
charcoal H not bad it's like chocolate
with a hint of licorice it's so hot
already I can't believe it wow
definitely worth it I don't even know
how much this was like 25 P I don't even
want to eat this thing so I'm going to
try to find someone to give it to I
didn't realize there going to be like
condensed milk and butter in there but I
want to support the guy anyways I'm
going to see if I can find someone to
give this corn to I hope they don't
think I'm weird and I don't want to
disappoint that other guy if he sees me
giving it to him I just know what I like
and I know what I don't like and I know
I'm not going to enjoy it if I take a
bite out of it so I don't want it to go
to waste let's go find some I found some
nice hi to take the corn off my hands
what's your name my name is lean and
yours I'm Danielle yours I'm Angel and
I'm John I'm Kobe and are you guys in
high school middle school how old are
you we're 20 years old wow you're 20
years old I'm 18 you're 18 and what are
you studying in college it it good field
what do you want to do after high school
school high school working she's already
working all right and what about you
what are you studying or what do you
do nothing either are you got to be more
prepared you saw two more people okay
what about you sir are you like what do
you do uh do
schooling schooling okay I like that and
you working you like walking
okay I'm just joking I know she said
working I'm just joking all these guys I
thank you so much bye guys see
you there you no problem what a fun
group of people so for me of course I
just joke around a lot because I know
Filipinos have an excellent sense of
humor so you know we're just laughing
the whole time anytime you see my videos
when I'm interacting with Filipinos and
Filipinos they're always laughing and
having a great time so I'm happy that
they took the corn off my hand um yeah
so let's go see what else this place has
to offer one thing I've noticed about
Deval City here a lot of people are
still wearing masks I don't know if
that's face mask because of Co if
there's a new new Surge and something or
they just really behind with the news I
guess I don't know why but I see a lot
more people wearing face masks here
compared to SIU City itself right so um
yeah that's one thing another thing I
find a little bit challenging there's no
like uh motorbike hailing apps before it
use encast dra ride Maxim grab whatever
in major cities to call down a taxi like
a motorcycle taxi you jump on the back
of those and you just weave through
traffic and it's really inexpensive over
here you pretty much have to take the
Jeep KN or public transportation or take
a taxi which is fine but it's of course
a little more congested and a little bit
more pricey anyway let's continue our
journey of discovering the city
Philippines oh one thing that's changed
in the Philippines is a SIM card
registration before when you came here
you just had to buy a SIM card stick on
your phone you're ready to go but now
you have to register your sim card with
your passport and your address onto the
government site it's still it's very
easy but it takes a little bit longer
and the people that're very friendly so
keep that in mind usually take me about
5 minutes not taking me 25 to half an
hour to register a SIM card be sure to
have your address your passport
everything you need before going to the
mall to get your SIM card Global is
really good for you and if people there
are very friendly and one more thing is
the money ATM I used to be able to
withdraw like 20,000 from any ATM now
most of them are about 10,000 pesos of
course you're paying 250 peso per
transaction the more you want to get out
the better so my tip for you is try
Union Bank you can draw up to 25,000
from Union bank or even 30,000 one time
I was able to check those out if you're
coming here one thing you want to do be
coming to the Philippines definitely get
off the main road check out some of
these side streets cuz that's where the
real Philippines is and that's where the
real Filipinos hang out you can see some
authentic like street food the nicest
people everybody smiling as always
that's going to be a very constant if
you never been here you're going to be
completely shocked with the number of
nice people here in the Philippines
everybody saying hello so yeah
definitely check out the side
streets okay I think I go
in hello I'm back oh you guys see my bag
okay okay
thank um any
m not allowed this is not
allowed you can leave there inside in
our office sir you you want me to leave
this in your office to go check look at
some food it's the why it's a city
ordinance you just saw inside my bag yes
the bag it's a it's not
okay I can't bring this bag on the
street here inside the
okay I understand but why what's the you
saw in my bag it's just my wallet that's
for my
camera sir tell me I can't bring this so
I can eat some
food is
not back but this is not a backpack this
is a back from my camera you must be
there to
leave you want to okay can you show me
where the office is oh there there is a
police officer there this right here oh
yeah
one if you're going to have an office
you should have it here so people can
leave the bag and I have to walk across
the street reminder here but the due to
strong wind
and but I'm not trying to argue be
difficult right but you understand how
ridiculous this is you want me to go
across the street to leave a bag when
you see inside of it what is the
inside of this bag nothing it's empty
it's an empty water bottle on my
wallet and you consider your B you put
in in front of you
sure so when you're going to vog or I
was going to Vlog and say Dev is a
beautiful place but honestly this is
this is really weird man I don't know
I'm going to just leave uh yes your bug
put in front Okay so that was a little
bit unexpected I was not able to
actually enter the food area with my
backpack back or I guess this camera bag
I Tred to make my case but they weren't
going to listen to me they said if I
want to go in there I got to either
check this in or not go in with the bag
itself right so of course for security
reasons one thing that was annoying they
looked inside my bag there's nothing in
there they gave me to go ahead but then
the second person said no you can't
bring it in I try to make my case I
spoke with the supervisor but it was
just a reminder that this is not my
country I'm still here as a guest even
though I don't agree with the rules I
don't think that's actually makes any
sense at all I still got to abide by
them I try be respectful but I was
really agitated I think I was not
expecting to be denied at the door and
to be fair they did offer me two options
to either go across the stre to check it
in or carry it in front of me uh my
backpack but I'm not going to do that I
just don't want to be walking on my
backpack in front of me it just it feels
weird to me so uh maybe I'll come back
today which is the following day
actually cuz it got dark yesterday I
might go check out the food court here
are some of my first impressions of D is
definitely different than SIU Manila or
any other place I've been in the
Philippines it's it's got its own unique
style it does feel a little bit more
strict a little bit more secure I do see
male and female entrances at the park
and at the food courp both places I saw
that um some different things here is
like some of the traffic lights weren't
working like a lot of them I think they
did that purposely to accelerate the
flow of traffic which was different
there's no hailing grab like motorbike
taxi so I either have to take the
regular taxi or take those uh Jeep leads
right so you got to get used to that I
haven't seen too many foreigners so
that's another thing probably going to
make a list about five or 10 things that
did surprise me about Deval so watch out
for that video hit that subscribe button
and turn on Bell notification you don't
miss that video and leave your comments
down below let me know what you think of
uh the interactions one thing that does
remain constant throughout any part of
the Philippines is amazing people as you
saw in this video many groups of them a
lot of different people of course were
younger high schools and University
students but generally speaking
everybody's super kind over here you can
come here and interact with people and
it's not just a camera because I've had
the same kind of experience without the
camera but I'm I'm super excited to be
back here in the Philippines to continue
making videos to show you guys this
beautiful country The Beautiful People
and the beautiful places leave your
comments down below let me know if
you've been to D or men now or if you
want to visit here I can't wait to
explore some more areas here I'm not
going to do too many tourist things I'm
going to do an apartment tour for you
guys and see what I get up to here in D
I'm not sure if there's any beaches so
I'm just figuring this out I just got
here basically 24 hours ago and I wanted
to make this video to put out share it
with you guys I'll see you in the next
one
bye
w
