Video ID: Q27RZL21368
Title: Foreigner Tries Authentic Filipino Foods for the FIRST TIME!

Transcript:
[Music]
oh my God it's beautiful Manda sarra
that's a big dish especially in
Texas oh boy that's hot we've been
traveling all day had to make a stop
thanks to a viewer made a recommendation
said P inary of arts and the best food
is in Pampanga so we've stopped here in
San Fernando this is the souk restaurant
they've actually been so nice to us
traffic held us up but the manager
approved late stay for us we're here we
just actually placed our order that's
the manager very kind
lady they've already had last call but
they're accommodating us we've placed
our order on the basis of the manager's
recommendations the pork sea and also
the slow cooked beef brisket karetta so
we got two dishes for me so my son has
ordered the baked Balu steak he got some
steamed rice and then Apple Apple Shake
wife ordered the crispy Doo Lio that
should be interesting they're going to
take a little while to cook this stuff
up but beautiful backdrop they've
actually seated us here in the garden
something about this restaurant when I
was talking to the manager asked her
what the name Suk I associate it with
Thai such as like the sukumvit which is
uh in in Thailand their main Highway
around Bangkok so but she's saying it's
Arabic which is true too I didn't
associate it been to AR Arabia this is a
pomena
[Music]
style all right dinner is served it
actually came out really quick so that
was exciting the manager said it was
going to be a delay and we were like
we're totally okay with that they
delivered fast fite telling us there
were going to be a delay so they've
exceeded expectations right
away oh the pork sea
got okay again using that uh that fork
and the lemon that was a trick a
Filipino okay so pork seig I asked sure
what the difference is between this pork
Sea and the rest that they serve
elsewhere they just simply said this is
the best so ooh wow it is tender chopped
very fine got onions let's just go solo
let's try it
solo see what the pork s Sig
is nice now I tried it before and be
cold they had some crispiness on the
outside which was kind of cool I
actually like that and then the inside
was just really really soft meat
delicious delicious pork panga
style so now we're going after the beef
brisket
caldereta that's so
amazing okay there's a lot going on you
got the beef in there which is a beef
brisket that brisket it was just cooked
perfect it was just kind of melted in my
mouth and then the tomato sauce with it
is just amazing karetta
Aletta and the rice in there that was
interesting too I normally don't like
rice keep saying this guys but the rice
with this dish spectacular we got some
carrot here let's do another one of
these a big chunk of tomato let's get a
piece of beef on there this beef brisket
caldereta it's up there it's probably
one of the top dishes I've had in the
Philippines this is
good tomatoes rice I wonder what it
would taste like if they put some onion
in there like some sauteed onion that
might be interesting I like I'm a big
fan of onion but I did put the chili
pepper on on the beef side and I can
taste there's not a whole lot of it but
I can taste it this is a good mix we got
everything on here the tomato sauce you
got to come here if you're in San
Fernando come to this restaurant we'll
put a link in the Facebook description
highly recommend it I've only ever I've
only done two dishes so far this beef
brisket oh my God it's to die for it's
beautiful Manda sarra M good job okay so
this is the adobo okay let's get into
this adobo
the pork is cooked amazing all right so
that okobo it's more has like a a
barbecue best dish in fil wow this so
we're going to get off into this uh
saled egg let's get into it yeah it's
good mted flavor it's good good I like
that let's try this beef here at my
son so we'll get some of those onions
that's good and then this orange we'll
try it I'm pretty confident to say that
sweet potato and some green beef all
right let's let's try the beef by itself
without introducing any kind of garlic
or
anything
nice all right so we've done several
dishes so far folks we tried the pork
sea that that was good nothing too fancy
I mean very very tender meat but far as
the flavoring and stuff I honestly uh
not like some of the others I've tried
it's different it's Unique so second one
was beef brisket ceretta oh my gosh
ceretta means uh like a tomato sauce or
tomato base or like this and and the
beef was perfect that's the best dish
I've ever had in the Philippines swear
it's it's amazing and some other good
dishes anyways folks we love you glad
you stayed this long for the video we
appreciate all the viewers more so the
subscribers so uh there's going to be
some uh videos up here Google might
think you like some playlist down in the
bottom big round button hit that
subscribe button and until then my
friends we'll see you soon we love you
keep coming
[Music]
back
m
