Video ID: y12Ms-DaXv8
Title: Is the Philippines SAFE for foreigners? (street interviews)

Transcript:
what brings you down here to the
Philippines what do you see is what you
get I go on a date sometimes they're
definitely more dateable than American
Girls you know that can be dangerous the
outside is not as today I'm asking
people if it's dangerous in the
Philippines what do you think not
supposed to be taken to CRS in this
video I'm going to add some foreigners
if the Philippines are dangerous
to travel let's go hi what's your name
uh Tom and what's your name how do you
guys know each other uh with Titan yeah
from England from England okay what
brings you down here to the Philippines
uh we travel Bali first and then from
Bali to come over this way nice and how
long have you been here
nearly three weeks okay so tell me some
of your first impressions what do you
like the most about the Philippines so
far
do you have a favorite island or a place
you've visited so far I like smallfo um
for me probably very nice so nice we're
just standing around Cebu really have
you done the Sardine run and all those
things
do you see the turtles down there yeah
we scuba dived and we saw the side even
run some towels
did you get a chance to go to my
password with the thresher sharks
definitely check it out it's my one of
my favorite Islands by far so check out
Mala Pascual for thresher sharks one of
the only places you can see them
actually yeah let's take a look any
dislikes so far for the Philippines
who's food quality the quality of food
when you're not in a city is isn't all
there yeah but other than that
I don't have any advice yeah everyone's
really nice too excellent and do you
feel any danger in the Philippines the
Philippines dangerous
yeah a lot of people wonder like if a
safety travel here so so far you've had
no issues oh I don't think so okay yeah
what about the people have you had a
chance to speak to any Filipino people
yeah quite a lot to me so yeah yeah
um it doesn't really feel like too much
like too much of a dangerous place
really they all seem really friendly
when you get to speak with them and
stuff yeah awesome thank you guys so
much for your time I appreciate it hi
what's your name I go buy Mo where are
you from United States Washington State
now what are you doing down here in the
Philippines just vacationing having fun
position my second time here so okay and
when was the first time last year well
what made you come back what do you like
about the Philippines honestly
everything I mean checks out all the
boxes everything here is cheap
um amazing people the friendliest people
I've met
um and yeah that's pretty much it I mean
and beautiful like scenery nature and
everything if you want to sit aside you
can obviously come to like Cebu downtown
area which is where I'm at right now so
yeah I mean checks out all the boxes
can't complain about anything uh what
about some negatives any dislikes
uh I'm not sure if that count as a
negative but I mean I'm seeing a lot of
stray animals in here and kind of breaks
my heart and also like a lot of like
legitimately like homeless people like
you see kids sleeping on street and
stuff
um and that's I would say the only
negative thing that I've seen yeah where
have you traveled to in the Philippines
which cities have you been to so far
only City okay um have you felt any
danger being here or anything to concern
no not that I felt um I I was warned
that my there might be some like big bug
hurts and stuff like that but I
personally have not experienced anything
of that maybe I just haven't been to the
wrong places who knows yeah maybe uh are
you single in a relationship what's
going on over there no I'm just single
okay have you had a chance to date any
uh Filipinos yeah yeah yeah yeah I would
say um there are definitely more
dateable than American girls that's just
my own opinion okay that's my opinion
too I'd have to agree I guess a lot of
guys think the same way yeah anything
specific that makes Filipinos easier to
date than maybe back home what makes me
special well not only like Filipinas I
think in general Filipino people are
more easy to talk to you know in the U.S
like everyone's like mind their own
business everyone's just like sad and
depressed even though we have everything
we need really yeah
um but in here like even in poverty and
everything everyone's just happy yeah
yeah so I think that's the main thing is
that people in the US and like maybe
like more developed countries are more
hard to talk to yeah but in here it's so
much easier to talk to and um they're
always happier and being around hyper
people like makes me happy actually yeah
for sure I know and tell me did you
notice anything come here stereotype or
did you do any research before coming to
the Philippines
not really I was recommended to go to
the Philippines by a friend I had so I
was actually I used to live in San
Francisco for five years and I had a lot
of Filipino friends over there
um and they always talked about how
amazing the Philippines and everything
and yeah I just like you know what I
have a I I got a job that I have good
like PTO
um
um Rule and everything so like you know
what it's time to go to the Philippines
last year and I came here and I loved it
I had to come back again naturally I'm
gonna go to the to Vietnam for the first
time um in 10 days thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thank you
thank you yeah I like it well I do a lot
of stuff
on the other side yeah I I do street
photography oh yeah and today I didn't
bring my game with me because I just
finished the dentist I see so yeah
coincidence how was the experience at
the dentist yeah it was good yeah cheap
room then back home much cheaper okay so
today I'm asking people if it's
dangerous in the Philippines what do you
think
uh it's a lot more safer than my place
that's for sure and where's your place
London United Kingdom ah okay okay how
long have you been here
12 years 12 years yeah so during 12
years you never felt any danger or
nothing no the biggest danger is if
you're a motorcyclist in Europe
you're right I'm a biker okay yeah
that's the biggest thank you biggest
thank you in this place the dogs okay
running across the road that sort of
stuff okay otherwise it's a lot safer
than in London and the United States is
this your permanent home now or are you
staying forever here Cebu I I live in
negro soriento which is the next Island
yeah uh your question yes this is my
permanent I show okay I should poke my
throats here
so yeah well thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it it's my pleasure hi
what's your name I'm Eric from Finland
what brings you down here to the
Philippines ah climate at my family's
business because I'm meeting my family
part members family here how long have
you been here so far only three days now
but I'm going to meet my family next
week okay have you been here before yes
three times actually I see and are there
any dislikes so far from your experience
in the Philippines uh not so much but
actually the thing is that Filipinos are
mostly very friendly they are outspoken
yeah they are direct sometimes people if
they acai they might be too direct but
usually what you see is what you get
that's amazing now or do you think the
Philippines is dangerous
yes absolutely because you know that if
you don't know anything about the
Filipino food you will be your lines
will be in danger because adobo leads on
menudo yeah yeah what about safety on
the streets or different places okay
traffic yeah reality is that could be a
little bit easier but sometimes of
course that is up to you you watch where
you're going and keep you always and
maybe better not to go to the strains
areas very dark in the night alone
especially but otherwise taxis
they are usually pretty safe only that
sometimes a character of the driver
could be surprising but they sometimes
have like a dark sense of humor yeah
yeah
supposed to be taken to seriously and
where is your favorite place in the
Philippines any islands that you like
the most or
so-called the competition is between
Negros Occidental and Cebu area and they
are very naked like but Host Club maybe
have been on the title one here in the
assemble actually thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it you're welcome
sir hi what's your name my name is
mantis and where are you from uh I'm
originally from Lithuania but I live in
Norway and what are you doing down here
in the Philippines uh just travel link
exploring yeah how long have you been
here uh five days now yeah what were
some of your first impressions of the
Philippines what do you think
uh uh I came to Manila so it was really
busy yeah uh it was not easy to get
around but very nice and warm people
okay and uh yeah for me it's very
interesting because different culture
yes yeah nice food of course and how
long do you plan to stay here uh one
month any specific places where you
visit Islands or anything uh uh yeah I
put some dots on the map but I don't
have specific plans so just uh you know
go around and see I'm asking people if
they feel any danger in the Philippines
are you concerned for your safety at all
here
um I feel very safe yeah yeah what about
your personal life are you married are
you single yeah no I'm single okay we
had a chance to see any Filipinas here
uh yes I uh I go on a date sometime
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it no problem hi what's your
name I'm Bruno nice to meet you nice to
meet you too where are you from Portugal
Portugal I've been there multiple times
oh really beautiful place I went to
Punta Delgado okay yeah yeah I've been
in the capital as well as well oh yeah I
actually come from Porto okay yeah so
it's a bit far on the North yeah but in
the Portugal is a small country so of
course easily you can get anywhere but
yeah it's a beautiful place yeah and
what brings you down here to the
Philippines yeah so I came on holidays
my girlfriends we started in Vietnam for
seven days and now we are here for maybe
nine days yeah starting here in Cebu
then we're gonna explore a few more
Islands we got you and what are your
first impressions so far about the
Philippines
I think it's a great country you know
great people awesome food of course the
views the beach the mountains everything
it's beautiful yeah so you've been here
on a couple days I guess yeah any
dislikes so far something that you don't
like
uh not really I think you know each
country here in the southern Asia is
is a particularities but you know so far
everything is great you know it's a
normal thing very hot yeah so you know
you cannot carry many clothes yeah and
you know sometimes you always have
people you know asking YouTuber I ask
you to see the thing but that's normal
that's normal they need the money anyway
if you come to this country it's always
the same yeah it's part of the
experience I think for sure now have you
felt any danger do you think the
Philippines safe so far oh no the
Android at all maybe if you cross the
road you know that can be dangerous but
you know with people no to be honest we
can go anywhere we haven't
felt threatened or anything yeah awesome
thank you so much for your time thank
you hi what's your name
where are you from uh United States I
live in the United States originally
from Jordan tell me what are you doing
here in the Philippines um we're opening
a business over here okay the people
nice friendly neighbor is good and nice
environment so we I really recommend for
the people
relaxation definitely how long have you
been here I just came two days ago two
days ago I came before Oh yes okay
you've been here before and tell me you
like all those things is there something
that you don't like about the
Philippines something that can be maybe
better
um like uh like
like here basically it's all walls and
stuff the outside is not as you know
like the outside life it's like
basically everybody lives in the malls
or the stuff like that like the outside
infrastructure yeah basically but
otherwise it's all good yeah if you go
to the provinces and the oceans and the
islands it's beautiful okay yes and what
about the food how do you like the
Filipino food I don't like that's one
thing I do not like that yeah for me I
understand I like the meats I only eat
seafood seafood is okay yeah so
basically I eat all these Seafoods over
there I understand
for sure for example I don't eat pork
either so for me
plus all the meats they don't taste us I
don't think they have a
industry like for sure eat and stuff
like that stuff important stuff and it's
not good obviously more costly as well
if you want good beef or something I
don't think it's all even if you go to
the castle it's still not good yeah
that's why yeah meat wise I got you and
what about safety eating the Philippines
yeah yeah very safety friendly nice
people safe excellent thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it thank you
and that was some foreign experiences
regarding safety in the Philippines
leave me comments down below let me know
what you think of the answers and tell
me you're teaching the Philippines safe
enough to travel whether you're a
foreigner or a local I'd love to hear
from you if you take your time to write
it at take time to respond the reason I
made this video is that lately I've been
getting a lot of questions about is the
Philippines safe not to travel anywhere
you look on like social media maybe some
Facebook groups or even myself people
ask me why do you travel to the
Philippines is it not dangerous for me
personally absolutely not I've been here
over a year overall and I never felt any
danger during your day or at night and
in Cebu City Manila anywhere I've
traveled to all the islands I've always
felt comfortable so for me personally
safety is not an issue at all it can be
different for other people depending on
what kind of position you put yourself
into but that's the case in any country
you go to of course so that's the reason
I made it and those are my thoughts
about the Philippines safety let me know
what you'd think leave your comments
down below if you're new to the channel
subscribe hit the like button share this
video with someone that might like it
I'll see you guys in the next one bye
