Video ID: ZwpVhNFsfPM
Title: Japanese Eat Filipino Snacks

Transcript:
I like loving the EDD super purple hey
guys we're back with another
international food review today we're
eating the snacks and treats of the
Philippines me thank you to Mari for
sending us these treats from your
beautiful country
you know the Filipino snacks and treats
are something that's really difficult to
find here in Tokyo we've looked all over
the place and we still can't find snacks
we did find a couple but it's just a
couple so thank you so much thank you
very much so so much chicken Oh more
Chikara yes go try the pork rind salt
and the vinegar paper this is something
that we don't find in Japan often you
find chicken in America we you know went
to LA and San Francisco you can find
them at Walgreens but here in Japan I
don't think I've ever seen it daikon hmm
salt and vinegar hmm and it's very
crispy and super crispy I don't know
what can I describe about the station I
think the right porky but a porky tasty
pork flavor to put it achieves a type
taste with no potatoes there's no potato
face let's go on to the next one next we
have something from a company called
Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch
a pail of water and so this is called
chippy and these are barbecue flavored
corn chips really good man it's
different with Japanese barbecue tastes
true different this is actually really
strong flavor
these are good I do wish the barbecue
flavor was a little less strong because
I'm losing the flavor of the corn I love
corn chips oh I wish I could taste the
corn a little bit more but next month is
nada yeah yeah he's like a Japanese
it is written in katakana Neriah it's
hot and spicy crack a nut I see why they
have Japanese Japanese company whoa so
low super super crunchy crispy oh yeah I
like I like is nice nice sweetener hmm
nice and nutty taste actually the
peanuts taste
yeah these are good I'm a man of me it
does have a little kick to it
not super super spicy but to me just a
little bit yeah mmm love that hot spicy
hmm my favorite so far
mmm old inspection the next one is
called maman toasted Oh
these are toasted cakes they look like
toast toasty toast
it's pretty good for our lunch a very
light and these you remember of like
really thickly sliced rascal in Japan
yeah you know crispy toast it's
interesting because it's like cookie
kind of bready piggy it's crispy but not
like crispy this is one of those things
usually tea or something because it's
like [ __ ] all the moisture out of my
mouth
that's pretty dry but it's good the
taste is really good
the next one is dried mango in
Philippines baby Oh Philippines favorite
and it's my favorite you know I used to
be super addicted to dried mangoes me to
put is dry the mango into yogurt Oh
overnight really and what happens it
becomes a fresh mango no really it's
tasted thank you restaurant go
really okay you guys try it let us know
how that works
mmm-hmm the more you chew it the more
the mango flavor comes out I not buy
nothing I'd have tried the mangu on me
go I cannot stop eating dried mangoes
what this store I cannot stop which is
why I stopped eating them you know what
you know I love dried fruits to begin
with I love all kind of tart booth I
don't really like raisins too much I
mean they're okay but you know I kind of
get bored of them but I love any kind of
other dried fruits you always go to that
dry the fruits shop in Hawaii I do say
this is why this is why I don't buy
dried fruits I eat too much
the next one is chuckle star I don't
know what kind of witch over there this
is me here I have no idea so we don't
know if it's a chocolate bar or
chocolate wafer what could it be
heavy heavy really oh and they're like
individually packed right see whoa whoa
what what do like okay holy unexpected I
was like like yeah GG though my size is
big size of a chocolate at the bow or
something you know wait bars or
something not like small individual oh
these are like super delicate like super
super delicate like you have to really
be careful Oh super peanut tea a melt in
your mouth
hmm and chocolate and it has some other
taste in here that I cannot pinpoint the
ingredient says cane sugar roasted
peanuts milk powder cocoa powder and
vanilla it tastes more like the
chocolate enos of hot cocoa rather than
the chocolate is of a chocolate bar does
that make sense
alright we've come to the last one this
is from a company called Goldilocks and
these are called sweet delights and this
is the uber pour on uber if you guys
don't know is it
purple yam that's very very popular in
the Philippines as well as Okinawa I
love the color I love angry baby
super purple Wow
Oh Mel the that purple we have Oh
oh I love that smell oh if you guys like
Ruby you would love this smell oh nice
that is good you know I was expecting to
be more crumbly I think because there's
the the the yam in here it makes the
texture a little bit it has it's not
sticky but it's a lot moister yeah very
smooth smooth yeah and you can
definitely taste that boo-bear mmm it's
delicious you'll love this if you like
blueberry nice sweetness mm-hmm
the kind of imagine of shortbread
cookies just a little bit I'm trying to
think what's my favorite today how about
you have you decided what your favorite
one is okay really
oh really same-same this is my favorite
of all it's it's so good guys this is
some good stuff and you know I'm looking
at the back and it says this actually
comes in different flavors cuz in
classic cashew coffee oh yeah oh really
pini pig I'm not sure pimmy piñas and
cookies and cream flavor I would love to
try all of them once again thank you so
much Marty for sending these to us
now you also sent us a packet of a
double sauce mix we'll be making this
maybe tonight for dinner or something we
didn't have time to make it today and
share with you guys but you know I
personally love audible it's probably
the only thing I know about Filipino
food and I love it and I also know
punsie I also love something called
poncey and holla holla
well three Filipino dishes that I know
that ever loved it whoa
balut no no no no no no no no no so hope
you guys enjoyed this video please leave
your comments down below which one was
your favorite share your opinions with
thank you so much for watching if you're
not already subscribe to this channel
and until next time take care bye bye
[Music]
