that was so weird just now awaiting you
the toilet at the airport and literally
there's like guys taking showers in the
toilet there's a hose right next to the
toilet they use that to wash up but I
walked in and there's like soap suds
everywhere the toilet seat is all wet
and the floor is all wet after they
finish they can shower their body then
they go to the sink to wash their face
and then there's a little heater dryer
there and they're using that to drive it
closed and at airport I mean I could see
maybe somewhere else but Airport Oh
strange
so you thinking you look like bring it
up bring it up
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we are about to get a joint we might try
everything in the menu we don't know I'm
excited
[Music]
[Music]
so I wanted to Lagos it didn't have it I
want to have some chicken but he needs a
quarter some other stuff forged one of
them via they didn't have I wanted a lot
of things but everything was sold out a
burger I really like to cheese this one
on healthy at all factory does it really
creamy alright so we're done is pretty
decent lunch the FD R factor that would
go because our bed shuttle box whatever
leaves in about ten minutes then we're
going to get a bowl then we're going to
have to take a bus to the airport that's
the plan
[Music]
that's crazy there's like golf carts on
the road no problem go what I don't do
that I think that's like all parser
history on the main road finally made it
we're going to get on the site vanilla
this is a shudders with all these
people do and people are yelling so busy
so many people of your sir 47
[Music]
finally
[Music]
haha thank you for checking in
[Music]
absolutely not hancock available service
business raising America mother ecology
[Music]
alright so we just got to the hotel good
to be back in Manila we are taking me on
tomorrow but we had to say one night at
a hotel we toured the Phoenix receptor
that apparently they've seen some other
videos which is great now we have to
decide what we're going to do Mike over
there she's a little bit hungry she's a
little bit hungry so we are going to go
to Mall of Asia which is right over six
let's go ready go to pollination for
week eight obstacles mall let's grab a
drink
did it go okay ready go
come working where is the case what is
it I want to go and my codes working
again
what's wrong with its relationship this
is a good thing this really wants to
work
wanna see the world I want to see the
world all right got the internet
connection is really slow I'm still
waiting for my go so we can get out to
the mall revving to use the tethering on
my SIM card to get data for some I can
upload some stuffs to the internet and
then we're going to be home
meantime we still have this beer
enjoying it nice photo one of the things
that don't understand is like you got
ladies like these two big beds and like
queen-size bed
Michael and I never use it's kind of
like a shame that we have these two big
legend shows in bed so this one is just
for hanging out again oh you finished
let's go this is the molinator that way
the dressers no one okay okay
thank you I wasn't recording and the
security guards are rocking out the Red
Hot Chili Peppers don't appear like
supposed to do that okay
all right so it's honestly called Sara
about letting me deliciously Filipino
kind of like a fusion for looking in a
place I think it should be done
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
back home tonnage is taken that actually
whether or not go to sleep so tied right
now and if you got to get ready are it's
about midnight right now we need to
catch our flight around ten so I think
we've worked it out where we need to
like be out of this hotel by 6:00 catch
taxi and do all that stuff so we gotta
go to sleep
goodnight 5:30 in the morning super
super tired my kids gone the shower
finished I could take a shower we gotta
get ready for the airport
[Music]
nothing like starting the morning with a
coffee coffee is pretty good in fact
it's really good so plan is finish
breakfast we're going to go check out
the pool and the gym right before we
leave we didn't have enough time just
time around I just wanted to see how
it's right so after this we'll check it
out and then we'll check out the hotel
and make our way to the airport check
this out this place has chicken please
nothing like chicken feet in the morning
pretty good news update
Michael just realized that a flight is
that 9:30 instead of 10:30 so instead of
being an hour early we're pretty much on
time right now can't mess around too
much good we need to make the airport we
don't got a lot of time so just one for
the pool and the gym
[Music]
okay let's go
[Music]
bye honey but how are you doing today
maybe shopping okay major traffic
not good how long do you think it's
gonna say I usually like to leave early
when going to the airport Michael likes
to leave a little bit late always this
happen on time or very like I really
have a buffer where you can just relax
and a coffee
okay wait another hour to just as long
as you like right anyways I'm a bit
stressed at the moment but I think we'll
make it because he's going to take the
skyline whichever whatever that you
always try to make me look like a lake
I'm not like you it's almost final one
life and I'm spending a whole day at the
airport wasting time yeah but the
airport is so much fun you get to just
relax and chill and do nothing what
[Music]
so we're here at the report check this
out baby Pacific and save the Pacific
and any questions
I was so creative now of waiting to use
the toilet at the airport and literally
there's like guys taking showers in the
toilet there's a hose writing to the
toilet they use that to wash something I
walked in and there's like soaps us
everywhere that's Willie's feet is all
wet and the is all wet after they
finish they can shower the body and they
go to the street they wants to face and
then there's a little heater dryer there
and then using that to dry the clothes
and at airport I mean I could ski maybe
somewhere else but that's Airport Oh
strange I hope OKC with I want to see
them ghost all the way to the front not
at least this is a Western final so they
can get their loss against the Golden
State Warriors
[Music]
today
[Music]
back in Tokyo ready to do this looking
forward to some solid as researchers
everyone is so polite there's everyone
being so nice all right nice to please
our journey for back in Tokyo back into
the city I love if you like this book is
done like button give me question or
comment like a kid plus our girls about
anything
leave a comment the comment section
below you want to subscribe like always
subscribe leave Isis
[Music]
[Applause]
