what do you like the most about the
Philippines come on now that's it that's
why foreigners come here well for
example I got uh what's the biggest
problem right now in the philippin
that's a good question the town just
stops what is one thing you wish you
packed with you hi what's your name
philli and where are you from want to F
Manitoba Canada hey and what brings you
down here to the Philippines uh retired
and no family so I thought well I give
it a chance here and and see what
happens and give it a couple of years
and and move on from here how long have
you been here almost 2 years now okay
and what are some of your favorite
things about the
Philippines
well that's a good question not the food
okay not the food but uh the people are
great you know the the women are are
just absolutely wonderful and beautiful
MH uh the climate is okay it's a little
too hot for me I'm almost tired of
sweating
now I understand like what we're talking
about oh yeah so I might go check out
Bago and and see how that works you know
yeah I keep hearing about bagio I'm sure
it's cool yeah yeah it's it's it's it's
it's a clean City it's cooler and uh
it's at least
10° 10° uh cooler cooler yeah that might
make all the difference right 10 exactly
you could walk outside you know yeah
without feeling burnt full of sweat I
understand the same way I have the same
issue uh what about you just mentioned
women what makes a woman here more
special maybe or
well they're very kind you know they're
very giving and very you know like
they're just just beautiful you know in
every way in every way but that's hard
to be have you been on any weird or
strange dates something interesting you
want to share
well I don't think so okay no nothing on
camera nothing on camera no yeah it was
just yeah two years there two of them
that I've that I've met that are kind of
okay this is a memory it's time to move
on what is one thing you wish you packed
with you from Canada uh to bring to the
Philippines well
actually uh bigger clothing because I
have a tough time with with with clothes
with shirts you know and shoes Okay
aside from that uh if you you're here in
SIU it's it's good it really is you get
everything you need you know except if
you're a bigger guy then you need like
prescription clothes over
here cuz you're taller I don't miss well
for example I got uh I got uh you know
from
home there you go oh look at that baked
beans right baked beans that's correct
have you found any maple syrup here
actually I have really where yes uh in
um
in in SM Mall SM M got check it out yeah
yeah okay yeah yeah actually I found it
believe it or not now you so many people
looking for
M thank you so much for your time I hope
you a time you good luck to you to you
and your life thank you so much okay hi
what's your name hey Derek Brown and
where are you from I'm from originally
from Chicago Illinois but uh left there
the age of uh 17 went into the military
and uh 27 years later been doing my
thing what brings you down here to the
Philippines oh I'm returning here I
lived in the Philippines for 7 years
moved over here in 20
13 and um done a lot of things okay I
used Sabu City I lived in subbu City uh
for that time I was here and used it as
a hub to actually travel the world I
mean from here Cambodia
Vietnam um
India uh Norway and what happened me
moving here and traveling to different
countries I met other people as expa
okay we became friends and end up
visiting their country you know so uh
but actually I came over here to start
an organization called everybody gets to
eat humanitarian organization where
actually I build h a bamboo homes for
homeless families in the province of uh
negr ban uh and built uh schools for
children um and computer schools in
Cambodia panan pan area you know so my
my whole Charter of commun over here was
for my organization itself okay
fascinating well thank you for that I'll
be sure to include information about
that in this video if somebody wants to
check it out or donate or whatever you
got going on there no okay okay so what
do you like about the Philippines
specifically that makes you keep coming
back here or staying here uh I'm sure
you get this it's a consensus with
everyone the Happy People yeah
definitely yeah come on now that's it
that's why foreigners come here okay
peace of mind okay no drama okay the
smiles okay the culture itself and um
you know just a level of peace that you
find here you know you don't feel the
level of anxiety or stress or anything
you have the smiles you have the respect
okay and uh the values that the
Filipinos hold okay it's more of a
conservative value that they have here
okay maybe that stems from the Christian
background and all of that but that's
the main reason I find peace here okay
what what be your biggest stress there
got to be something right what's the
biggest problem right now in the
Philippines
stress
uh come on now have adap you know
there's St no standardizations here okay
from from the Western you know uh point
of view uh but but yeah you know I mean
there there's a level of manners okay
you know that we have in the west that
they don't have here I just hate when
I'm standing in line somebody just walk
right in front of me and like look at me
like what's the problem I think a lot of
that might come from just like the whole
island Vibe people don't take things
maybe seriously but I I know what you're
talking about yeah yeah know at first
came here I'm like they did I'm like who
just didn't step in front of me yeah
what is one thing you wish you brought
with you to the Philippines from back
home
um
Wi-Fi well you know they got those
pocket Wi-Fi now too so well even the
pocket Wi-Fi you know I have a great
Wi-Fi I'm use now Rome is what I use but
uh um yeah uh what else would it I be
here uh I guess you know um uh A system
that where you you can actually have
service okay you know at a press of a
but okay the Amazon okay and all that
you order something is there the next
day or the same day here there a hurry
up and wait thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it I'm running low on
space on my memory card thank you for
your time I appreciate apprciate thank
you speaking of packing for travel let's
take a moment to thank today's video
sponsor level 8 cases that has quality
style and price I travel often so I need
quality luggage level 8 cases are made
with highquality hard shell material it
is light and strong with an antiscratch
surface that provides sturdy protection
it has 360 spinner Wheels it allows you
to Glide smoothly without a sound it
provides ample room for spacious packing
with it fully lined interior design that
helps you stay neatly organized it also
has a TSA approved lock that comes with
easy instruction to set up your own pin
my second favorite thing is the style
personally I love the black and yellow
colors and Sleek design of the suitcase
and the laptop backpack it's classy and
gave me lots of confidence during my
recent trip to Dubai and Istanbul Turkey
best of all you can get this amazingly
quality stylish luggage set at an
incredible price to get your very own
level8 suitcase just visit level8
cases.com to see their travel luggage
and accessories now for a special price
just for you apply discount code Living
abro 10 a check out and get 10% off your
order hi what's your name I'm Oliver and
where are you from I'm from Seattle
Washington what brings you down here to
the Philippines honestly just the
vacation I needed after what 7 years so
yeah definitely welld deserved I love it
and how long have you been here so far
what 4 days and what do you like the
most about the Philippines in your 4
days it's got to be the people ever
since I got here everybody is happy like
but they're not just happy they're sweet
they're kind they're caring everything
is in harmony like to the point where
where we're from like especially me
traffic is a hassle here everybody just
goes with the flow I've seen no
accidents I see people on their phones
just kick nothing I'm like I feel safe
like okay that's great man glad you
mention safety I well well safety is
actually not even a concern like when
you walk down the streets we've gone
everywhere and I've never felt unsafe
like to the point where you've even
walked down some alleys some people find
questionable but yeah the people are
just cool we walk through they'll dab
you up and say hey how you doing they'll
just ask you they're just genuinely Happ
just to meet other people great any
dislikes in your short visit so far no I
have nothing at all like there's been no
complaints and we've been outside the
city in the middle of the city we even
saw Mass which like people people told
us it's serious and they said do it on
Saturdays but if you don't do it
Saturday you got to do it Sunday to the
point where it felt like kind of like
Europe the town just stops and everybody
just does their thing that's good to
know man anything you wish you brought
back with you from the uh us to the
Philippines the culture just just take
it with me
just
takey other to definely experience it
awesome well thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it you're very welcome
hi what's your name uh my name is rul
Islam where are you from I came from
India and what are you doing here in the
Philippines um currently I'm studying
here in Philippines uh which field what
are you studying um my I'm studying
medicine here is there a reason why
there's so many Indian students here
studying medicine I've seen so many of
them so far yeah it's true that so many
Indians not studying medicine here in
Philippines not only in Philippines also
in other countries the reason is um you
know in
India um study medicine in private
universities are very expensive and
about the government it's free of cost
but the competition is very high so we
choose to study abroad makes perfect
sense now which part of India are you
from I'm from West Bengal I don't I went
to Kerala and Goa and some other places
beautiful country I hope you will go in
Kolkata soon I definitely go back
definitely Kolkata is on my list of
places okay and tell me what do you like
the most about the Philippines so
far
Philippines um I like most the people
they are very friendly they're kind mhm
and yeah I like that side most you great
any dislikes so far something that could
be better what don't you like about this
country um what I don't like if anything
doesn't have to be something
um I don't know that's a great that's a
great sign you know you're happy guy I
appreciate that and what about Filipino
people do you have any Filipino friends
tell me a little bit about them yeah I
have my classmates uh a friends here and
they're really so nice here they're
friendly they're good yeah and what is
something you wish you packed with you
from India to bring back to the
Philippines something you missed from
back
home um I would say my girlfriend
of course right be a lot better with
your girlfriend here okay well maybe
she's watching this and she'll say hello
I hope so all right thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it you're
welcome hi what's your name cyress and
yours I'm sh how do you guys know each
other oh you're cus mared I picked up on
that on the last name I guess and where
are you from uh I'm from baloa Louisiana
and yourself I'm from B okay from the US
and how long have you guys been here in
the Philippines 23 years 23 years oh I
was not expecting that such a large
number have you stayed in SIU the whole
time uh pretty much yeah okay and what
we travel around the island yeah do you
have a favorite spot aside from your ceu
hometown uh let's see where would that
be I guess the
manes and H land okay so quite a few I
guess over 23 years a long time okay
tell me what do you like the most about
the Philippines that made you stay here
for so long well we're we uh
we have a what do you call this a
calling calling from above okay yeah so
that that's kept us here and uh the
people have been really nice and
welcoming and perfect yeah so you've
been here for some time now but what is
one thing you wish you packed with you
when you first came here from the US
something that you missed from back home
maybe something we missed things have
changed here so much we got here in 2000
and a lot of the things that we missed
are here now wow
yeah we have microwave we have a oven we
have I can't think of any one of the
things I bring back this is random but
one of the things I bring back is Rotel
okay it's a it's a can of like tomatoes
with onions and bell peppers and it goes
in a lot of good food okay well I didn't
even know what that was but thank you
for mentioning that speaking of the food
stuff how do you like the Filipino food
have you got accustomed to it yeah we
like it we like it we uh you know we get
to eat it when we go to the province a
lot um I try to limit my rice though and
they love rice so you know it's kind of
it's kind of like hard because rice is
served with everything I'm say rice is
life here right yeah rice is life life I
understand any big dislikes something
that you really can't adjust to quite or
something that's not so positive well
the negative right now is the
traffic and I have a for sooner so you
know driving sometimes is a big
challenge Challen it's a challenge to
your patient you know especially the the
motorcycles will insert insert in front
of you and
almost you have a wck you know yeah call
lastly do you have any advice for
someone that's never been to the
Philippines for the first
timers uh the uh like if you're coming
from a a industrial nation like Canada
us some of the European Singapore you
have to come here with um you have to be
flexible and patient you yeah because
things aren't done the same way as our
country or your country got it that's
the main thing any other yeah I would
just say you know just come expect an
adventure it's always more fun in the
Philippines and um just you know
different is not wrong it's just
different and so it's a different way of
life especially in the province and so
just speak open to trying new food do
adventures and folks very friendly here
yeah and then you know some people have
trouble with the heat you know I'm from
the southern part of Louisiana so we're
we're we get pretty hot there yeah yeah
I definitely like myself I'm still
adjusting to the heat you know so yeah
the heat for sure thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it okay wonderful
leave me comments down below let me know
what you think of the answers and tell
me what would you bring to the
Philippines or any other country they
travel to and honestly if you really
want some uh new luggage check out level
eight cases I highly recommend them I
never put anybody on this channel that I
don't fully believe in myself so check
out level 8 cases and if you want to
know how I've been able to save over
$24,000 a year yet still traveling to
different countries exploring new places
experiencing new cultures and new foods
join my brand new community living
abroad club.com where we go ahead and
share all of our experiences it's me and
a whole bunch of other people where I
show you guys how you can do exactly
what I've been doing with online free
tutorials step-by-step guide on like
tangible things you can do to go ahead
and live dreams follow your passions
live abroad work abroad and even retire
abroad so go ahead and check out that
Community the link is in the description
of this video click that link join that
Community to get free access to all the
tutoral and all the trainings I've
posted a poll on the community tab to go
ahead and choose which country you think
I'm in and tomorrow I'm going to release
a brand new video my first video in this
new country so there's a lot going on
behind me still early morning I just
woke up but I'm super excited to explore
this place uh maybe you can see some
Clues Behind Me Maybe not I'm not really
sure but I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
video from this beautiful place
bye
