fresh from the flight yo everybody's
here Boyd JR is merely just came home
fresh from the flight uh when I parent
at the airport that came you know pick
me up now I'm here about to go eat Bob
want to check out rap monster and why
late today also don't know how to say
wale it's not well some people say oh I
like whales I would know wale what's
good yo miss you bro I miss you too
Brock thank you too can't calm Mexico
Mexico you showed me some love are so
passionate like really passionate
everybody needs a cake on Mexico y'all
are amazing it doesn't going to be more
footage about cake on Mexico it's
probably be a little bit late so but be
I want to look great there's a cake on
Mexico like video go watch it hopefully
even follow me on social media to see
what I've been doing if you don't follow
me on social media you should
Instagram just random every day Twitter
its Dre snapchat its Dre what is he
talking to y'all because I miss y'all
but enough talking let's get into this
Hey
hello that's class hopefully you guys
whose watch the music video first link
in description down below and then come
back to this but if you don't please go
to the video you know and yeah let's go
oh oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay
[Music]
me drops out of nowhere - allows on my
flight rat massa
you
[Music]
Oh carry it like a burden I do watch
check out the layers even more we added
a like that back to the voice ooh ooh
I'll get a the black and white filming
just classic
oh no its color while a what's good
don't
[Music]
okay this is so this is the years of
collapse bro
epic alas this year what a doing a
mannequin okay okay
I knew I liked thank you
[Music]
shouted army got children I need a
grease - why was it was good singing
voice but he had it out but oh
robotic - and right do we have to hear
it's like accessing woods through like
another what is good he has a good voice
[Music]
yo bro don't my tattoo is so interesting
to see while a I mean it was it was
going to happen I feel like so it is the
year of epic collapse I swear someone is
happening we've done no it's not done it
can't be done Oh
okay
[Music]
was it
bummer Zuzu
[Music]
okay well late look at wildlife okay no
go hey wolf let me get my moves in the
army
oh oh oh you doing okay yo I love the
interaction bro like these cross overs
is just beautiful and it should be more
I am for all for crossover like those
random collabs like randomly uh whose
other one uh really Martin and Wendy
Ilan Pablo and Erik never saw me this I
hope you see of epic collapse because I
love these kind of things but it comes
up below what you guys think of change
you know like do you like it overall
it's pretty good actually you know I'm
gonna check out the lyrics right now
I'll tell me that dark can never win the
light Oh tell me that Ron could never
win the right maybe tell me that we gon
someday
start to fight oh damn tell me that
every everything gonna be alright
I'll tell me who's stupid maybe is it me
or them just tell me who's insane baby
is it me or them in this crazy world
after patients could we get the pearl
but this world which teaches me preaches
me how to curl curl or like curling or
like oh [ __ ] the school
all we got is mad teachers in invisible
classes damn divided spaces and forever
lasting stresses everybody's mad kill
people with fingers on Twitter true like
people talking on Twitter I gotta put up
with more than a gun more than a knife
the tip of your tongue just like glitter
okay he just said glitter the pain
always when you gank nah how could you
bet it's damn checking game year or
losing again homie we losing too many
things what should we tell our sons you
know that they will be the man like you
and me if hope is a taste
with what's yours you would eat all day
all day and if your love is a game
all those are losers Oh world is going
to change
Oh world is going to change our valets
part yeah tell me what is really real
I'm trying to buy a new variety for my
new deal oh baby girls say the world
really hated Humphrey a lot and maybe
time to give you sailor run wish that I
could change the world but they hold me
back when it's time to go that people
got me mad again and what if I could
change the world with a pen and pad it's
time to vote the people turn to
mannequins
oh [ __ ] cows that namjoon on the man -
I'm out and Chevy Chase the teacher used
to Lampoon I'm out in Chevy Chase the
teachers used to Lampoon a I sing songs
haikus over rap tunes high IQ looking
for a song high Q I'm trying to hear one
honey
got no faith in government that's why we
need each other last man to keep from
crying full of Rinna's rap monster
beaches in the army ah me now it's on me
I might keep the peace until I see more
peace i'ma keep it G forever keep it
low-key
take a trip to South Korea with some DC
oh geez keeping og I'm chipping OG hated
by all rights and racist police say what
man 12 comment they make them kids
really freeze when they say free moons
praying for the better days for you and
I I see progress in my daughter's eyes I
think I think too much now and drink too
much now I numb it cuz I don't want to
cry see some grass growing in the
winters i I think I think too much now I
drink too much now to numb it because I
don't want to die damn I believe that
real friends love you without no limit I
believe that real change lies in the
mirror there's ours little one wasn't
posed to get much then they got their
hands up for me like a stick up put your
hands up hands up like a stick up hands
up hands up like a stick up since I was
a little one I wasn't supposed to get
much then it got my hands up for me like
a stick okay day by day and night by
night it's on you me I'm gonna shine not
stopping
day by day night by night on you and I
moons in the army right my hands up
y'all again put a comment on what you
guys think like this video share this
video and subscribe
I'm back home but I'm going to be um
busy so you probably can see a video in
a while maybe I'll probably edit
something when I'm in New York I was
going to be in New York for BTS culture
as well so I'll see you guys there and
you a new walk sorry New York I'll be in
New York Bobby the BTS houses in Newark
New Jersey
so yeah you guys were watching like this
video share this video and subscribe did
your boy Jerry from D are you Kim I love
you all my sexy beautiful people listen
came up I feel good listen to music in
general feels good especially these
collaborations man I need more of these
collaborations dream believe do repeat
you get a dream out there put some hard
working through they might just come
true love y'all through thank you guys
for always subscribing liking my videos
and share my views so check out the
music feed on the description down below
oh yeah bye for now hey you better
subscribe
[Music]
it's all good if I can leave tidy up
here we go that is that cool yeah good
okay
[Music]
haha come on
[Music]
you
[Music]
