hi guys today I'm gonna do a different
unboxing video which is Filipino food
unboxing
well yeah just stay tuned I'm gonna do a
lot of showing off I have a friend who
if she's watching at the moment thank
you very much I have to mention her name
on the description when I upload this
video actually I only know her you know
pseudo name on Facebook but she's a good
friend of mine she actually bought this
from the Philippines and now she shipped
this to me you won't believe this it
cost me these two boxes of fruit cost me
16 pound 20 and and the postage for two
boxes is 16 pound like 16 pounds 70 so
it's more more than the postage cost
more than the the food itself so let's
start unboxing I'm so excited I forgot
what's inside but i just opened these
boxes now and you know i can see what's
inside on the top actually so let's
start i have to grab this microphone
because i'm doing live at the moment and
they can't hear me so I'm very excited
let's start now and it's my favorite the
same flavors are not my teeny bit I like
spicy food and this from crackers or
wishy washy
oh she spicy flavor are just very nice
they're not very salty
they are savory but they're not very
spicy I don't know I don't know about
you 990 grams 6 we keep going spice each
lip mr. chips oh my god big one it's
hundred grams
oh my god you know if you are well if
you are a broad like me I'm a Filipino I
I grew up in the Philippines I was born
and grew up in the Philippines until I
was twenty twenty-five and then I went
abroad
I'm 38 33 now I went and then I went
abroad when I was 25 so 25 years eating
Filipino food then you go god you're
eating foreign food you feel homesick so
they are there are Asian shops here but
most of the food that you like and you
want to eat they're not available there
so so when someone went I went back home
I eat as much as I want and I found I
brought back some food because I was too
scared to get you know stopped by the
immigration but anyway I just cooked dry
food and mixed friend of mine went to
the Philippines went back to the
Philippines and she said would you like
me to buy you some food I was like are
you sure
so which she got me beat food next stop
is my third canto I actually made a
video or blog about it and every now and
then I was eating it so don't get me
wrong this is not a healthy food is this
it's a snack for me or it's a lunch for
me and it's I eat it and I mix it with
something nutritious so that it makes it
you know because I mix it with salad and
no I miss I add some salad on the side
so this one's a good night I eat it with
boiled egg I sliced boiled egg and put
it on the top and on the side some salad
so that it makes it healthier so
yes and these four six eight nine three
eight pieces plus 1/3 so eighteen pieces
and this is so let's carry on so the
next box is the next box is a little
smaller but it's it's heavier so I have
dried fish here it's the regular to your
regular dried fish and oh my god husband
hate this so he was off before we went
on holiday so I was like no I can't take
it anymore I have to eat my food
otherwise I'm gonna get ill like
dried fish and even oh my god and any
Maps there's shot overboard and my kids
was like Tristan looks like mommy was
yes so here we go that's good for your
that's their that's the dried fish I
don't think any any I don't think anyone
likes this it's I mean if you weren't
born the Philippines if you were born
eating dried fish and the smell I don't
think you would like it oh yeah everyone
hates the smell but to taste it's just
so lovely
oh that's the fuel and food everyone
loves it deal is we call it the lace and
it's them if the actually dried
anchovies and its flavored other let's
go tomorrow ketchup and some seasoning
in it
just made everything me
it's so nice is 2-pack of these oh my
god I covered it for over here you know
it's one like you know I don't know
about you but when I like things when I
like food I eat it slowly like I had
Scott flexible a pack of Skye place I
don't know how much are they in other
how much are they in the Philippines I
can't remember 60 places and 10 packs
something like that I still have some
and my husband tried them they're
crackers and we call them sky flakes
it's the brand in the Philippines I
still have a few I think I still have
true and my husband tried one I said
what I said it's a cracker it's a
Filipino brand right so nice try them
it's really nice they scream your name
Michael Vick so now I have boy Palin
corny
I have three
so yeah finish this in three months
September October
oh my god I'm planning I was planning to
eat this like for a year I eat one time
oh my god I might I might be semester my
friend otherwise they're gonna go bad
December 23 23rd December 20 18 18 and
I've got to two facts of spicy and four
packs of calamansi my god I I got some
graham crackers because I wanna make
mango float you know those that are
chromatic futa you know guys crema de
fruta so I went to I went to a friend I
went to a friend's birthday party
anniversary and they had mango floats
and it looks like remedy from Tom but
it's just mango no lots of foods not
fruit cocktail so I'm gonna do that
because it tastes different and the
texture is different when I use UK
biscuits and they don't have Greyhound
so I'm gonna do that and I like box
using this since I think city you say so
and again this is Johnny 19 July for one
year one year expiry date on the news
this or one year and I only I'm not a
massive I'm very health conscious so I
don't put vet change I missed you so
this one is just for to taste yeah to
taste so I'm just gonna put a pinch
every time I cook that's it
it cost me 60 pounds something 16 pound
is like one thousand thirty one thousand
one thousand
25 paisa and the postage is more
expensive than okay and the postage is
the process is more expensive than the
food itself so she was willing to burn
me more but it's really heavy this is
really funky this one five of them she
couldn't find a long time to post I was
like I wasn't in a rush I mean I wasn't
in a rush she's already got my food
anyway anyway I was on holiday when she
came back so yeah I was too excited to
get all these food I mean I didn't have
to go to the shop I mean English 30 it
costs me 30 33 pounds for the whole
thing including shipping or postage and
loving us yeah budget so 1025 paid in
peso
so another 1025 or 1,050 in the postage
or the shipping so it's like 2100 for
the whole thing maybe if you in the
Philippines is too expensive for you but
for us here we probably can buy it but
it's like this graham crackers I can't
get it here and this time chippies with
flavor
feelings forget it here I probably can
get any sort of this dried fish here but
they're not as good some of them I
further entries the delays droid delays
but not the flavored one just dried fish
anchovy in Indian shop and when I when I
eat when I ate them I know the new
ritual because it's so salty and I have
subtracted this so and I have to pack
two packs of these they both expire in
December so if you are wonderful my
friend who lives near me just message me
and I will give you some the hot finish
that in three months don't finish it
next to eat three times a day that's it
come time to finish it off so I think on
Christmas Christmas I'm gonna make great
ham
if I manage to find ripe mango I'm gonna
make go ham crackers for Christmas
expired
next year it's so cold in the UK when
you buy something on the Shelf today
they expire like three years for you
know but if someone is expiry date June
2019 so about 10 more months this one
pays April 10 to 19 but some of these I
just came back home in April 1st of me I
came back so but it's it's nice to have
food it's nice to have food a taste of
food back home very often so that you
don't feel homesick you know the cetera
for me it's true I always have I always
put a double that's the number one and
most of the food that I know I to cook
like that safe for Dad not every other
asado what else I started
oh it's a lot Coptic animal but anyway
yeah I buy soy sauce Filipino soy sauce
to that apathy and and vinegar they're
available in in my local cash-and-carry
it's like in like 10 10 to 15 minutes
drive so I go there and because I still
have to drive so I buy to minimum 2
bottle
each so so I don't have to go back I
always use soy sauce for pants it as
well and for that says that's a stir-fry
noodles for Filipino version and my
husband likes it so I do
Chinese version and I took a look in a
version because we both like Chinese and
he likes something Latino food as well
but they're not so complicated
he doesn't like it too much complicated
ones so any anyone still here dimple
watch color in it is it people people
alarm on TV gaining a lot Mong a PFC
abs-cbn
comment in the chat if you're still here
if you're still here Marie rich hi hi
thank you for watching I just I just
finish unboxing Filipino food I think I
need to find I think I need to find I'm
gonna end my video now and proceed to
live so guys thank you for watching I
think next time I'm gonna I'm gonna find
online it's not every time I have
friends going back home and they are
willing to you know bring bring back
some food for me so it's best to to find
online shopping and I just go and they
ship it to me yeah but it's nice to have
all this food and I don't know how to
finish this expensive can't or not gonna
get expired in three months and I have
six packs like six packs of eight pieces
each and I don't know how to finish them
so the best thing to do is to give some
to my friend anyway so you know so if
you are if you like this video of girls
please click the like button and I would
really appreciate it and if you are new
to my channel please consider
subscribing um so that and click the
button as well so that you get notified
whenever I upload some videos again
thank you for watching and thank you for
being here and I'll see you on my next
video bye
