Yeah, that's that's the code. I 
don't I don't want to because 
we don't not to talk about a 
Leo. You know, we don't want 
anything detrimental happen to 
them but yeah, one one from 
187. So, we are live at FM, A 
discussion Episode 186 and as 
we said, it was one minus 187. 
So Yeah. Yeah. Uh I'm I'm 
really looking forward to this 
and uh it's going to be me and 
Maureen uh interviewing perhaps 
we can make the argument that 
you are part of that first 
generation of social media FA. 
it really took a hold because I 
believe you had that chance to 
109 I believe My YouTube 
channel. My YouTube channel. 
Yeah. Yeah. Oh nine. and uh 
yeah and here he is with us 
Sakan Lam. So, go ahead and 
take the floor You can't have 
any. Yeah. Well, it's uh it's 
an honor to find any me too 
face to face man because like I 
was saying, I've been following 
your videos for quite some time 
now and I promised myself that 
the next time I go to beautiful 
Thailand, especially in 
Shanghai, I love Chiang Mai. I 
would go and train at the gym, 
you know, for sure. So, uh it's 
an finally meet you and uh I'm 
really interested because I saw 
one of your videos where you 
explain how you discovered uh 
you know, martial arts, why you 
went, you wanted to double into 
Filipino martial arts. So, if 
you could just uh begin begin 
with uh telling us what were 
your first martial arts that 
you practice and how because 
that's a very interesting 
story. I think how you uh you 
went into martial arts, 
Filipino martial arts 
afterwards. Alright, going way 
back. Uh okay so I gotta dig 
deep. Um My mom got me started 
in the martial arts because uh 
I was a scrawny little Asian 
kid and you know, Asians, they 
they mature slowly. So like I'm 
living in California and like 
all the girls and all the boys 
are just like shot way ahead of 
me. So, um you know II had no 
confidence. I just stuck to 
myself playing video games. 
Nintendo Super Nintendo at home 
and 1 Day. My mom was like, you 
know, get your **** to a 
martial class. You know, you 
gotta do something, you know, 
and uh she really really 
believe that and I have 
potential in it because um I 
was a huge fan of the Shawl 
Brothers movies you know, 36 
Chambers, Shaolin. Yeah. 
Challenge of the masters. All 
sorts of different things like 
that and uh I think I think she 
started me with uh Todo We 
wanted to do kung fu but uh the 
Kung fu school is too far away. 
So he said uh I actually want 
me to do Muay Thai with my 
brothers those are Muay Thai 
school uh run run by this uh 
European champion. 
Unfortunately, I was right? 
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you 
know, that was sort of our 
heritage but um I was too young 
to join the class. So instead 
they they put me in the the 
class. so it's a gym offering 
different martial arts and uh 
you know, I progressed really 
well. I showed a lot of talent 
and uh and ability for it and 
actually um the teacher missus 
Wing she actually uh bumped me 
up from a white belt to purple 
belt so she she thought I had a 
lot of talent. So instead of 
going to yellow belt, she'd 
skipped me a head one like. Oh, 
that's great. Unfortunately, 
she put me into sparring class. 
maybe the week after I got my 
my my belt promotion and then I 
just got my **** kicked so hard 
from the higher belt. There's 
like no mercy. You know, I 
didn't I had no clue how to 
spar and they just wipe the 
floor with me and I think I 
think after that, I was like, 
I'm done with tus though but uh 
afterwards, I did taekwondo 
pretty much same thing showed a 
lot of um a talent and things 
like that but um the master who 
was running the place. Now, 
this is really hard, dude. So, 
he was like, he was hitting the 
kids with like uh a stick Uh he 
he hit me twice. He kicked me 
in the leg like full blast like 
almost Muay Thai taekwondo 
style round kick to the leg. I 
was crying, man. I was like, I 
had enough for this. You know, 
I was like 910 year old kid. 
You didn't I didn't understand. 
uh the relationship that you 
have with your instructor at 
the time, you know, like II was 
kind of AA spoiled kid so I 
didn't really understand that. 
Uh sort of punishment was 
normal. So, I just, you know, I 
just came home and was like, 
I'm I'm not going back there. 
So, after that, after that, 
then I then uh then my parents 
found a kung fu school which 
was pretty cool and I started 
learning uh northern praying 
mantis style kung-fu uh but the 
problem was it was a distance 
away. It was far away and uh my 
mom was a bit lazy about taking 
me so if I didn't want to go, 
she'd just be like, oh that's 
fine. You don't need to go. you 
know, so end up going, you 
know, once a week, maybe twice 
a month, just not enough and uh 
you know, as you know, you need 
the mat time. You need you need 
to practice to get good at it. 
So, um the real turning point 
for me was when I joined the 
Shaolin, the Shaolin Kung Fu 
School on the east, excuse me, 
the West Coast, they call it 
Chinese Shaolin Center on the 
East Coast. They call it 
Shaolin. Do and how we're going 
to start. How is it that 
similar to what they because II 
went to uh to China to train a 
bit of the Shaolin Temple 
there. I just which is more 
like a circus right now to be 
honest in Disneyland. Yeah, 
exactly. But uh how how close 
is it to the are the practice 
there? Um it's hard to say I 
think a lot of the stuff you 
see at the Shaolin Temple is so 
it's like really really 
performance art really fast and 
and dynamic. um more like Es. I 
would say definitely. So, this 
uh Shaolin go was was more 
traditional. I would, I would I 
would believe the techniques 
were slower and more 
articulate. They're focused on 
rooting and power. Um just like 
the old school stuff. Yeah. 
unfortunately out there, 
Chinese style like Hong Kong. 
Yeah. You know that they 
started you with the the Lohan 
system, the A Los, you know and 
I and it was great. I love the 
training. I love the 
camaraderie and I stuck with 
that for a couple of and I was 
in California when I moved to 
Arizona. Then, I found another 
branch and that was when I took 
my training seriously and I was 
training uh four or 5 days a 
week. I was progressing really 
fast and I was assisting. got 
my 2.Â° black belt in like a 
matter of four. I think four or 
5 years and II really enjoyed 
it. I really found my footing 
and then the only issue is my 
first wife. She was sick with 
cancer and she had to, we had 
to go back to to Thailand to to 
get her medical care. So, 
that's when III quit Shaolin 
and when I was in Thailand, I 
was tutoring English and I 
started to 
tutor,
 my kids and kung fu as 
well because the parents are 
requested like, oh, okay. So, 
you know, martial arts, why 
don't you teach our kids 
martial arts too and say, okay, 
great. So, I started teaching 
that as well but while I was 
doing that back in America, 
there was this huge scandal 
with the Shaolin community. I 
don't know and yeah, so you can 
read it all over Boso.net. So, 
if you don't know one of my uh 
Major Shaolin Kung Fu 
instructors with Jake Mace. So, 
Jake Mason is always it. A huge 
Youtuber. He's not really 
active anymore but um he was my 
instructor for many years and 
he was underneath it grand 
master and elder. That's 
whatnot and then uh this whole 
um issue came up as the art of 
being fraudulent. There was uh 
um sexual abuse cases sexual 
assault. It was just a huge 
mess. So, I was glad to be away 
from it and free of it and So, 
I was really disillusioned with 
kung fu and almost martial arts 
in general. So, I just, you 
know what? You know, I'll go do 
some Muay Thai to fill in, fill 
in the gap and I did it for, 
you know, as a hobby it didn't 
really see myself fighting 
because terrified of fighting 
terrified of, you know, 
competition and I was like, no, 
you know, I'll be one of those, 
you know, martial artists who's 
about peace and and and self 
defense and things like that. 
Of course, I was kidding 
myself. I was just, I wasn't 
taking it seriously. Yeah. 
Because you do. sorry, just a 
fantasy. You do compete now or 
you did compete a couple of 
years ago. I think I saw 
something. Yeah, I passed years 
I've been active in 
competition. Yeah. I started 
when I was about thirty 
435. Yeah. Kind of late to the 
game. Yeah. But uh it's been 
quite an experience and so uh 
learning Muay Thai and was 
feeling unfulfilled because 
Muay Thai is awesome but you go 
and train it twice a day and 
you're done. You know, one 
session is murder. You have to 
hit the pads for like, I don't 
know, five rounds, hit the 
heavy bag for ten rounds. You 
got a jump rope for 30 minutes 
and it's like your feet and 
your legs and your arms are 
killing you and you know, I try 
to do this twice a day and I'm 
just like, I don't know if I 
can keep up and so so I was 
feeling a bit unfulfilled. So I 
just kind of floating around 
with the martial arts and then 
until I took my my students to 
a field trip in. so is what we 
consider like sin City of 
Thailand, It's really trashy 
but we took them there because 
it's a great experience to meet 
what we call or foreigners. 
There's a lot of expats and 
it's a chance for them to speak 
English. Uh unfortunately, we 
we found ourselves in the dark 
and seedy area of town 
We were threatened by a couple 
of thugs with knives. To be 
honest, I actually, I incited 
it. So, I'm partially at fault. 
Uh so, the story was we're 
walking down this alleyway in a 
car. a truck drives by and 
clips. one of my students and 
it wasn't hard but the side 
view mirror her and she wasn't 
being very careful either. So, 
I walked up to the truck and I 
was just like, hey, you know, 
please watch where you're 
going. You know, it's like 
this. she's just a kid and the 
guy in the truck There's two 
guys. He's like a tie guy. You 
know. probably drunk. you know, 
really, really tough looking 
and he's like, it's a car. She 
needs to get out of the way and 
I said, come on, man. Just like 
really just just have more 
care. My associate at the time. 
no questions asked. Just he 
just walks up to the truck 
raises his hand, and he just 
palm strikes the side of of 
your mirror and breaks it just 
obliterates it, smashes it. I'm 
like looking in horror. I'm 
like, we're going to die Like 
we are so dead. I'm like, oh my 
god. the guy is like so filthy 
with rage and anger and it's 
like out of a comedy. He's 
like, he's like in the driver's 
seat and he like points to over 
his shoulder and there's this 
like this is Sparta like short 
sword, you know, I don't know 
what they call it. and it's 
like, it's in a sheet and it's 
like serrated and stuff and 
he's just like pointing at it 
and I'm like, no and like He 
grabs it. unbuckle the seat 
belt or probably didn't have a 
seat belt on. He just gets out 
of the car and he's just 
raising it in his hand and he 
and he walks over and tries to 
get to my associate and and of 
course, we've got our our kids 
that were tutoring, you know, 
my girlfriend at the time is 
now my wife and my associates 
wife who's pregnant and got her 
like 4 year old daughter with 
us. So, I'm trying to to 
deescalate and like trying to 
stop this guy with, you know, 
with this huge sword in his 
hand trying to stop him from 
from attacking my associate and 
my associate I think he's got 
anxiety issues or unresolved 
trauma. So, what he was doing 
instead of the escalating, he 
was trying to add fuel to the 
flame. He was like, what? Come 
on. Come on. Come on. It got so 
bad. My students were just 
yelling at him like teacher 
Matt, stop. Stop. Stop. And the 
guy that was selling pad Thai, 
local vendor, it was like 
actually like grabbing him with 
both hands around his arms and 
like a bear hug to prevent him 
from uh causing more 
incitement. So, you know, I'm 
trying to, I'm trying to stop 
this guy from trying to take my 
associate's head off in the 
meanwhile, passenger comes out 
of the car so it's a pretty 
much a two on one and he's also 
got one of these swords **** 
Yeah, exactly. It's like the 
worst situation ever, you know, 
I know my associate can't 
fight. I know he can't fight 
with the **** Excuse my 
language but um you know, I've 
got my hands up and I'm I'm 
thinking to myself, if I strike 
if I show any martial ability, 
if I show any aggressiveness, 
those swords are coming out and 
I'm going to die Probably, he's 
going to kill my associate and 
someone else else is to die. 
It's going to be in front of 
these kids or even worse, who 
knows? Who knows? They might go 
on a rampage, right? You might 
go have blood lust and and and 
kill up. Yeah. Can you pick out 
swords? You'll never know. You 
never know. You never know. So, 
I don't know. There's a 
scuffle. The guy tried to push 
kick. Uh my associate and you 
know, I'm getting in between 
and it's frustrating to him so 
much that he decides to to to 
drag me into the fight. So, he 
takes his hand and he puts it 
on my throat and at that time 
there's like a flash of all the 
different child kung fu 
techniques that I had in my 
head. you know, and and I 
recognized in that in in that 
moment that he wasn't squeezing 
It's told me he didn't want to 
fight me. He actually just 
wanted to drag me into the 
violence and then a his anger 
and frustration at me so I can 
feel his his anger. I can feel 
his frustration and I did what 
uh what I thought was the best 
thing to do. I put my hands up 
and I said I just pushed his 
hand off my neck and I said, 
please just go. just go and off 
they went and you know, they 
shouted their threats. Um I 
look back at that moment. Yeah, 
that was the moment, right? 
That was the moment where I 
recognized, you know, my Muay 
Thai who would have failed me, 
My Shaolin kung fu would have 
failed me. The only thing that 
served me in that time was my 
awareness. and uh my ability to 
act calmly and the fact that I 
had options in fact that I had 
options allowed me not to react 
in a violent manner. So, I'm 
happy for that. I'm grateful 
for that. So, I don't know what 
would have happened if if I 
thrown a punch or a kick or a 
knee or you know, try to do a 
disarm or something like that, 
you know. Yeah. Can I just 
backtrack a little bit? Uh 
yeah. Yeah because I was 
wondering uh because you grew 
up here in Southern California, 
what was the um what was that 
life event that made you go 
back to the land that and Muay 
Thai like what made you like 
it? thing that happened to 
y'all. So, I've mentioned I've 
been married previously. uh in 
Arizona and she is Thai. 
Unfortunately, she was 
diagnosed with sarcoma which is 
a very aggressive cancer. So, 
they say like one meal, one out 
of 1 million cancer patients 
will get this type of cancer 
and it's a soft tissue cancer 
and it three doctors in 
Thailand. No10. Doctors in 
Thailand gave her 3 months to 
live. Yeah. And She gave me a 
call while I was in the states. 
We're actually broken up at the 
time and she gave me a call and 
she said, uh you know, this is 
the case and I told her, you 
know, you don't need to believe 
those doctors. You don't need 
to listen to what they have to 
say and I'll tell you what, you 
know, I think you can, you can 
survive this and you can you 
can be happy struggling through 
it. You know, people live with 
cancer. I'm not saying you're 
going to be sure of it but you 
know, you can get through it 
and she said, well, you know, 
they said radiation is not 
going to help. chemotherapy is 
not going to help. I said It 
doesn't matter. So, I dropped 
everything that I had. My work, 
my job, my house, and my 
family, my friends, and II went 
over to Thailand and I was 
expecting actually just to see 
her off to um to see her 
through the cancer and then I 
was expecting her to pass away 
within the projected time but 
um I'm actually her symptoms 
improved her attitude improved 
and like next thing you know, 
it's like 6 months have passed 
After that, I was, I had to go 
back to the states 'cuz my 
parents were worried. I had my 
responsibilities and my job. 
So, I started going back to 
that and then, she decided to 
follow me back because she was 
worried that I wouldn't come 
back as well. while while she 
was back in the states, she was 
continuing her education and 
she got her degree. I was 
working and then we decided to 
get married. and unfortunately, 
our symptoms and her health 
started declining and then, we 
had to go back to Thailand for 
an emergency surgery. So, as 
soon as we flew back to 
Thailand the very next day, she 
got an emergency hip surgery Uh 
yeah, it was a difficult time 
even though she was sick. she 
was able to create uh uh tutor 
school business with me and she 
work pretty much every day 
until the the cancer started 
taking over and it's spread 
from uh her hip to her lungs 
and then to her brain and 
within like three to 4 months 
time, she's going in and out of 
a coma and unfortunately, I was 
having to work at the same time 
and in the evening, I was uh 
looking after at the hospital. 
It's a very traumatic 
experience for me and I'm uh to 
be honest, I'm seeking therapy 
to to deal with it. I just 
talked with a therapist 
yesterday to um just have a 
talk and a chat because I've 
had a bottle. All these 
emotions from the trauma and 
the experience of of the 
relationship and and of uh 
seeing my my previous wife go 
through all that and it was it 
was not long maybe a year after 
uh my previous wife passed away 
that I that I remarried and I 
have a beautiful wife and a 
beautiful daughter but this is 
I don't I don't have a chance 
to talk to and and and express 
my trauma or pain too. So, I 
recognize that uh emotionally 
and mentally, I'm I'm 
struggling a little bit. So, uh 
therapy is has been an option 
for me and I'm I'm just 
exploring it right now. So, I'm 
I'm going anyway, that's that 
was the turning point for me to 
come to Thailand and and since 
I spent all these years in 
Thailand and I was like, this 
place is way better than than 
the states I'd rather be here 
glad you had the courage to 
share that story with you 
because of the three men in 
this particular Interview has 
been personally touched by that 
disease. I was the executor of 
someone's estate before I hit 
thirty and it was very same 
thing like um same thing. 
they're dead. They're dead in 
about 5 months. That's right. 
Right. But um yeah. so yeah we 
feel we feel you brother. I 
mean, my mom passed away last 
year due to cancer so I know 
what is what it could 
concerning that and I just 
wanted to expand like as a as a 
positive note. would you say 
that the FMA journey kind of 
helps out the wounds that you 
know, that you sustained, you 
know, during that time or how 
how do you able to integrate 
that experience? Uh absolutely, 
absolutely. You know, I think 
the only way for me to have 
gone through that is the mental 
strength and the physical 
strength you get from the 
martial arts I developed a 
resiliency and You take 
punishment, you know, uh and 
then it was unfortunate that my 
my wife that passed away, she 
she was she was suffering 
through this cancer but she was 
also abusive. Did he cut off? 
Uh it looks like it 
Man, it was getting it was this 
is awesome. This episode is 
like yeah, it's so unfortunate. 
Very deep, very deep. I'm I'm 
going to, I'm going to go get 
water and let you message him. 
I'm going to go get water while 
we're with you. Yeah, yeah, 
yeah, yeah. 
I got I got I got the water. 
Sorry. So, back on stream. 
Maybe it's uh his internet 
because he didn't see the 
messages. Oh yeah. Sorry guys. 
Third world problems. It's 
raining here. So, you know, 
sometimes you get we're we're 
getting deep over here. so 
we're getting deep. Yeah. Yeah. 
So, where was I where did I get 
cut off? No, because II ask 
like how were you able to 
integrate and then it cut off 
with like unfortunately, my 
wife was also and then it cut 
off. Okay. so unfortunately, My 
wife and my previous wife was 
abusive. Uh sometimes 
physically but mostly verbally 
abusive to me. So, I was kind 
of going through the double 
whammy of uh going through a 
traumatic relationship at the 
same time seeing uh my loved 
one whittle away and and and uh 
die from this terrible disease 
but uh I attribute again my 
martial arts training to pretty 
much saving my life and 
preventing me from going into a 
downward spiral, degenerating 
into any addiction or 
alcoholism especially after she 
passed and the martial arts was 
just my outlet. It was my 
ability to focus on something 
positive and to develop myself 
and um yeah, you know, fast 
forward then talking about that 
story. uh being threatened 
knives and afterwards, I was 
just like, I gotta find 
something legit because Shaolin 
Kung Fu would've got me killed. 
Muay Thai would've got me 
killed. What's that going to do 
against a guy with a sword? So, 
I just took it upon myself to 
do some self study and the time 
YouTube was was growing and 
growing I came across a video 
by Doc Alexander Te Rk. Ravioli 
and it was just one of the most 
**** knife drills I've seen 
ever and still to this day, I'm 
still impressed by that and I 
was like, well, I gotta learn 
that whatever it is, I gotta 
learn that, you know, because 
II took a look at there's 
Israeli style. There's the 
Filipino style and I was like, 
I think Filipino style away 
from it. Way to go and So, the 
time I was just watching 
YouTube video after YouTube 
video stumbling across guru and 
Hassan's tutorials which it has 
to be like the worst uh set of 
tutorials to try to learn from 
as a beginner because you know, 
let's do that in slow motion 
again. Slow motion is me like 
going to the settings, bunting 
and then, you know, playing it 
back at a quarter speed Anyway, 
uh I was really inspired though 
which was I think the gift that 
guru Dan has and I was taking 
in so much content. I realized 
that I was just being a 
consumer and I felt like I 
deserved to have that. I had to 
give back. I had to give back 
to the community in some way. 
So, probably because of your 
tutoring experience and 
background. Yeah, yeah. You 
know, I felt like one-way 
communication. It just isn't 
right. So, I to make some 
YouTube videos of my own. just 
really as a documentation of my 
journey. I was like, okay, you 
know, I'm going to teach the 
eight angles of attack and I 
look back at it. It was so bad. 
My technique was so bad and and 
the video was so bad and what I 
would do is I didn't understand 
editing. So, I would just do 
this eight to 12 minute long 
take and if I didn't like it or 
I messed up, I'd be okay. Let's 
let's redo it. over again and 
so they end up taking doing 
like ten 2030 takes. So, I 
ended up developing the skill 
of uh going doing this long 
takes without editing. Yeah, 
that's the reason why I don't 
post that many video of me 
because I'm kind of a 
perfectionist and I don't know 
anything about editing either. 
So, I film myself which is 
really good because you see 
your mistakes but it's never 
good enough. So I after ten 
takes and I discourage you 
know. Yeah. The thing about 
video videoing yourself is that 
you become very self aware and 
it's really good to start to 
understand yourself and yeah, 
so it was really good for me to 
develop my identity or my 
character. Um as you see today. 
So, I was making these videos 
and you know, even though 
they're really bad, I was 
getting positive feedback from 
people in uh the YouTube 
community which is great. You 
know, people say keep it up man 
or oh thanks for the tutorial 
and It was really inspiring. 
So, there's actually this guy 
vampire. He would send me 
messages and he said, you have 
a lot of talent. You have a lot 
of just keep it up and I think 
that the first video that of 
mine that went viral was 
probably like a technique on 
Muay Thai Shadow kicks is what 
they call it the Brazilian kick 
or the question mark kick and 
I'll just, I'll just do my own 
tutorial on this because I 
learned it from a local Muay 
Thai gym and you know and then 
it hit like 17 thousand views 
for the first time like whoa. 
You know, that's that's pretty 
big numbers. and since then, I 
kept going and The first time I 
got introduced to my teacher 
was when I decided to move to 
Shanghai. So, at the time, I 
remarried and I moved to my 
wife's hometown in which is the 
hometown of Waco uh Muay Thai 
legend and what a bunch of. 
Yeah. back in the day Yeah. 
Yeah. So, um II. Wanted to live 
in Shanghai because you know, 
it's such an awesome place. 
It's amazing. It's amazing 
place. It's an amazing place. 
So, while I was in Surrey and I 
just googled looking for 
instructors, the truth was, I 
was actually a huge fan of 
mixed martial arts because I 
was watching the Ultimate 
Fighter series and I was like, 
yeah, I got it. I gotta get in 
the mixed martial arts, you 
know, but of course, I have no 
knowledge of grappling. So, 
it's like, okay, I gotta learn 
grappling. so I can to the gym 
in Shanghai and it turns out 
that it was defunct. There was 
there was nobody left and it 
was an awesome mixed martial 
arts and boxing muay Thai judo. 
um grappling but there's nobody 
left. the only person left 
teaching. there was um this guy 
Tas Quando and he said, oh he's 
a a yeah, I'm still I'm still 
teaching grappling at the gym 
and he's probably like the last 
one left. Uh they used to have 
a Brazilian jiu jitsu black 
belt but he suffered from from 
bouts of psychosis So he had to 
leave. Yeah. Yeah. So, anyway, 
the is what was the name of the 
team? It's called Golden 
Triangle. Golden Triangle. 
Mixed martial arts and it was 
out of this little this little 
gym next to this hotel called 
the Boss Hotel. So, anyway, I 
contacted this guy and I told 
him, uh Jim ever show up there 
No, no, no. It's actually 
they've Uh look how opened a 
gym in Shanghai. Not too far, 
not too far from here. So, 
yeah, Really? Yeah. Yeah. So, 
he does have a presence here in 
Shanghai. Yeah. So, I started 
learning uh from I decided to 
take a trip to I decided to 
move to shame. I took over my 
my parents apartment and they 
just moved from the states to 
to Shanghai and um you know, so 
we followed you. Yeah, they 
followed me. I paved the way 
and then and living in the 
states got too expensive. So 
they decided to come to town. 
So anyway, um are they still 
there now? Are they still in 
there? Yeah yeah they're uh 
they're built a resort. Yeah. 
Here in in Shanghai about 3040. 
minutes away from my house and 
it's a beautiful retreat with a 
coffee shop and a bunch of 
cabins that you can stay at. 
This is where we hold most of 
the martial arts seminars. So, 
we've we've hosted Tu Regalo 
here three times Um we've had 
mister Lee Morrison 
Paola. 
It's just 
the best place. It's 
the best place to do martial 
arts and for sure, Julius, we 
have to go on a holiday there. 
No, we we we definitely have to 
bring your wife too, man 
because the thing is that I 
used to be really really 
addicted to um scuba diving and 
Philippines and Thailand. Yeah. 
Yeah. Up top two spots in the 
planet. If you're like a scuba 
diving at so um actually when 
you brought up Lee Morrison, 
that's that I'm an Italian. I'm 
sorry I'm jumping ahead now. 
I'm good because I want to ask 
this question because the thing 
is now your background is like 
MMA what going on and for me 
but um what his name get 
brought up? That's more uh um 
combatives like World War two 
style like that's from kind of 
like the lineage that he come 
from like defending Fairburn 
Sykes. Yeah. right. Right. I 
think Jeff Thompson. Yeah. Can 
you comment on that? Yeah. You 
know, being a martial artist, 
you have to be well versed in 
many things and I, it's 
actually Lee Morrison that 
presents it the best. He calls 
it the Marshall umbrella and 
underneath the Marshall 
umbrella, one spectrum, you 
have the traditional martial 
arts and the other spectrum. 
You have combatives in between. 
You've got reality-based 
martial arts. you've got combat 
sports, and then you have self 
defense and to me, me, martial 
arts is is being proficient in 
in all of those things. You 
know what? Being a martial arts 
and self defense instructor, 
people always like, why don't 
you just learn Muay Thai or why 
don't you just do this? Why 
don't you just buy a gun? They 
don't really understand the 
purpose of learning combatives 
or learning self-defense and 
what is the purpose of 
combative self defense? reality 
Based self-defense is is to 
take the quickest route 
possible Being able to handle 
yourself in a situation whether 
the escalation or um 
rapid assault tactics, things 
like that. Uh knowing what to 
do before, during, after a 
confrontation. So, these are 
the things that traditional 
martial arts don't teach 
combat. Don't don't do that as 
the situational awareness 
aspect, right? It's all that 
is, right? Right. Not not to 
say that there isn't an overlap 
Of course, right? Yeah. But you 
have to you have to be 
practical in your approach and 
if people want to something 
specific. You you should offer 
that to them. So, you know, for 
us, for my gym, we try to offer 
as much as possible in terms 
of, you know, the martial 
artist or the combat sports 
enthusiast or the person who's 
interested in protecting 
themselves I was, I was going 
to tell Martin, we got to ask 
um FCS Reynaldo and then uh 
that's uh Renee when they're 
going to go out there and 
throws their next uh because I 
can't wait when this when this 
uh the Rona is over the Rona. 
It's gotta be we gotta go to 
the his uh his parents um 
retreat center. You know what 
I'm sure for sure. I'll send 
you some pictures, man. You you 
know, you'll be enthralled. you 
you heard that Alex. you better 
throw your um um a seminar Alex 
is one of them. My friend is 
one of the highest ranked dudes 
in the planet. Dudes probably 
got a black belt. I'm like nine 
different FMA systems under 
under motto was a GM. Ernesto 
is one of his longest serving 
under Bobby Bobby, Toby Toby 
like so it would be it would be 
cool if we could uh you know 
what I'm saying? You throw it, 
you throw a seminar or 
something like that over here. 
Absolutely. We love it. Plus 
the food is the My mom cooks 
homemade meals and it's uh you 
know and we got we got the 
cheesecake as well. Cheesecake 
and coffee. My man Tu regalo 
before the seminar in the 
morning, knocked out three 
cheesecakes. three cheesecakes 
in one sitting. What? AG. and 
we Filipinos. That's why we're 
all fat and we got something 
called diabetes. Yes, sir. 
Because you are tested this 
morning, right? I mean, you 
have a Filipino wife like we 
just eat a lot. We really did. 
She spoil you? Yeah. The thing. 
the thing I find with Filipino 
food is when you train, it's 
the best food you have because 
it's greasy. It's not a protein 
but if you don't train, you're 
in danger, man. Yeah, 
absolutely. Yeah. I have more 
questions to ask. I can't but 
go ahead, Martin. You got the 
next three. Well, maybe it's I 
don't remember. Maybe it's for 
the questions but I gotta ask. 
So, you started Filipino 
martial arts learning from 
Youtube, right? Oh, we got 
photobombed by your kid. Say 
hello. Hello. For sure. It's on 
purpose. Yeah. Yeah. 
Everything's on purpose. She 
knows what she's doing. Yeah, 
go ahead. So, yeah, you you 
started Filipino martial arts 
basically learning from 
Youtube, right? Yeah. Guru 
YouTube Guru YouTube was your 
first guru. Yeah. Basically. 
and yes, some people say that 
you cannot learn from Youtube 
and all but if you have already 
a background in martial arts 
and you know how to handle 
yourself already. I mean, back 
in the days, people were 
learning from books, why can't 
learn from a tutorial or a you 
know, sacred scrolls, man. 
Sacred scrolls. Yeah. So, 
you're the perfect example. 
It's possible. Yeah. You know, 
you know, as long as you have 
the background, you have the 
exact time in the background, 
you know how to orient 
yourself, you know, how to move 
your body. You can pick up the 
concepts Of course, there is no 
replacement for a teacher, a 
mentor, you know, face to face 
training, things like that but 
those all can be solidified 
later and for me, martial arts 
instructor. The most important 
thing is enthusiasm enthusiasm, 
and the willingness to learn 
and to to to stay to to remain 
a So, is that that's not there 
then and then nothing's going 
on and that's why a lot of 
unfortunately, a lot of the 
traditional martial arts 
systems have faltered because 
people are being too strict. 
The method of learning is has 
changed. Uh the media has 
changed and the old school guys 
are still, they're still 
struggling So, they had DVDs 
and VHS is in their time and 
now that we have the ability to 
to do online learning courses 
like we have a whole wealth of 
knowledge in front of us. 
Again, it's a double edged 
sword. You know, you it's gotta 
be quality control. So, a lot 
of people are getting away 
becoming gurus or online 
instructors getting online 
certifications, you know, 
without really laying hands or 
touching hands and going 
through, you know, the live So, 
it's a problem. I get it. How 
did you do your life Drilling? 
my live drilling with with my 
instructor. Yeah. So, so yeah, 
you learn from Youtube and 
then, yeah, I learned from 
Youtube for like, I don't know. 
It must have been a year and 
then like I said, when I was in 
contact with Sifu Kn, you know, 
I told him I want to learn 
grappling but he's like, yeah, 
we're going to train in the 
park. I'm like, what are we 
doing in the park? Okay, so I 
go to the park and next thing 
you know, it's Kali Sticks 
everywhere. There's knives and 
I was like, no, you didn't. me 
this, you know, and I'm like, 
okay. So, what kind of car are 
we doing? He's like, oh yeah, 
this is La Casa in the uh I'm 
an instructor on a guru, Dan in 
the I was like, you gotta be 
kidding me. You know, so like, 
you know, jump into it. I got 
my stick in my hand. I'm going 
to the angles and then, you 
know, the students I'm training 
with, they're like, dude, what 
is your first day? And I was 
like, You know, you know, you 
know, I told him. I was like, 
yeah, I've been, I've been 
training via YouTube on my own 
That's uh yeah II was able to 
jump in the class and hit the 
ground running Nice. Nice. and 
that wasn't that right? That 
wasn't. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool, 
cool, cool. And then uh how did 
you get to invite those awesome 
instructors to get to your 
place? Yeah, good question. So, 
after studying intensively with 
my instructor for a month, he 
went back to my Orca, Spain 
where where he was based at the 
time and um before he left, 
he's just like keep up the 
training like every Sunday just 
run a club You know, it was 
like sure and so for free, I 
just offer my training to your 
coworkers or to people who are 
interested and and just keep up 
the skills when Sifu came back 
next season, I told him I was 
like, hey, II want to be your 
II want to represent you 
because he had instructors 
worldwide. Um North Ireland, 
Spain, the but he didn't have 
Thailand. So, in essence, he'd 
have to train one season, leave 
and then build it all up again 
within 3 months and I was like, 
why would you, why do you need 
to do that? Let me be your 
representative here and and 
we'll keep a base for you here. 
I mean, it's just like, okay, 
fantastic. He's like, I better 
show you the rest of the stuff. 
and then it was like, okay, 
Wing Chun though. Jk Um yoga. 
you name it, Muay Thai. All 
everything from the Innocent 
Academy. It even includes uh 
some uh submission wrestling 
because the influencer, Eric 
Polson and and that. yeah and 
he's actually a level one uh 
practitioner under sensei 
Nakamura. Yes. He's an absolute 
G. So like everything and you 
know, he he did his best to to 
give me intensive training 
every every 3 months he was 
here in Shanghai and uh he gave 
me. I just, I wrote studios 
notes. Um II. kept it up with 
my training partners or or my 
students at the time In the 
meantime, I'm making YouTube 
videos documenting the training 
um and also trying to improve 
my skills as an instructor 
like, okay, here's three 
techniques that I learned from 
or Wing Chun or or JK D and the 
time I was like, I was really 
interested in in Ponto It's 
just, you know, really **** 
system as you know, and one of 
the one of the top videos out 
there was uh the mono video by 
Girl Franco Lara. Um it's based 
in Belgium and I said, I don't 
know. I sent him a post on this 
video. Then I sent him a 
message and I'm like, if you're 
interested in coming down and 
training here, you know, 
please, please, you know, send 
me a line and it turns out he 
had been in in Thailand 2 years 
ago and he's like, okay, next 
time I'm in Thailand, I'll I'll 
I'll let you know. He ended up 
showing up. coming to our gym 
and he's like, okay, what do 
you want to learn? I'm like, no 
way and he was absolutely a 
gentleman, generous open 
hearted. He's like whatever you 
want. you know, I'll give it to 
you and he taught a seminar on 
the spot and he said, whatever, 
whatever your students can 
afford to pay. Yeah, no big 
deal and I was just blown away 
and I was like, there are there 
are instructors out there that 
are so kind and generous and 
willing to come so far. You 
know, he left me with a huge 
impression especially for my 
colleague. the way he, the way 
he did. I was really impressed 
with um it was markedly 
different from the in a la Casa 
style which Sifu Kn taught me. 
So, I incorporated both systems 
and into into my curriculum and 
you know, after that II was 
just like, okay, let's let's 
see where we can go from here 
and we have this uh we have 
this benefactor. His name is 
Charlie. He's like this 
He's like you talk to him. He 
is like literally like the half 
libyan. half British James 
Bond. Everybody in the industry 
knows about him and he knows 
everybody in the industry and 
for some reason, he just loved 
our organization. He loved what 
I do and he's like, I'm I'm 
willing to help you in any way 
possible so that he was 
contacting guys like Lee 
Morrison Reynaldo. um and just 
inviting them over and he said, 
you know, we got we got a place 
for you to to run a seminar Um 
this organization is this. You 
can trust him in the next, you 
know, and I'm getting the top 
names in the industry. I don't 
need, I don't need to go 
anywhere. I don't need, I've 
never been to the Philippines. 
You know, I've never been to 
Indonesia of course, it's a 
dream of mine. I don't have, I 
don't have the answers to do it 
but you know, it's a dream for 
me. Like my dream was to turn 
Shanghai into the hub of 
martial arts and it's been 6 
years uh in development but 
it's starting to come into 
fruition and like I said, it's 
it's the greatest thing. I 
don't have to go anywhere. This 
he's legendary. It's just 
coming to me. I'm uh uh I just 
came up with this question 
right now. Not not that it was 
sent out to us but II was just 
wondering because you manifest 
something that almost almost 
winning the lottery 
impossibility for like most 
people. Do you practice any 
kind of like meditation or 
prayer or you know what I'm 
saying? Like it can't just be 
all physical like you made it 
happen. It's a must be some 
type of esoteric being attached 
to that. I would hope so, man. 
Like uh I consider myself a 
very spiritual person. I don't 
II usually I would say 
religious at times but then the 
religious has a negative 
connotation. Um so I I've been 
a Buddhist not a super devout 
Buddhist but I have my own way 
of practicing Buddhism at the 
same time I did compare Studies 
on on Christianity and Islam. 
When I was in college and I 
studied a little bit more about 
it uh the past few years and I 
and I and I see them as 
parallels. I see them as as 
working towards the same goal 
and I actually I actually 
respect Judaism and Islam and 
and Christianity more because 
it allows you to live the 
spiritual life while having a 
family Buddhism is like super 
super strict like aesthetic. 
Yeah. You want to you want to 
you want to become enlightened. 
you gotta become a monk. you 
gotta do it Now, we're going to 
drop everything I'm actually, I 
ain't ready for that. I'm I'm a 
practicing Buddhist and that's 
part of the reason why I 
haven't started a family. Here 
we go. Alright, there we go. so 
II don't see there's there's a 
reason why you can't reach, you 
know, elevated spiritual states 
with, you know, going the 
middle route or maybe it's more 
direct becoming a monk but 
anyway, like II just try to be 
sincere and as humble as 
possible. I think the quality 
about me that people love and 
like is my humility and I try 
to tame that at all times and I 
try to be as transparent as 
possible. I've got nothing to 
hide. You know, I I'm not 
anything that um I don't 
portray myself to be anything 
but who I am and I think that 
shows on my YouTube channel and 
I think people respond very 
positively to that. So, they're 
very kind and generous with 
their knowledge and the time. 
So, I'm I'm really grateful for 
that. Um yeah, I wake up every 
morning and try to salute the 
sun and and say my prayers and 
things like that. I've got a 
lot to be grateful for. Um I've 
got a lot to be happy before. 
So I, you know, I think there's 
the universe working in my 
favor. You might call me lucky 
but yeah, you could say that I 
have a follow up question for 
that but go ahead Martin. I ask 
your next to uh honestly, I'm 
for my question. that's pretty 
much it. I'm just amazed you 
man. because you're the perfect 
example of someone who has a 
dream as if it's full of 
courage and is just moving 
forward and it's uh things are 
happening for him and the 
universe is working for you 
because you're doing what you 
love and you're passionate 
about it and it's For me, it's 
it's uh it's a big example of 
success and it's a big 
inspiration. So, uh go ahead 
with your question, Julius. I'm 
going to enjoy the show, man. I 
uh. Oh yeah, You're a kid 
photobombed us again like like 
that that that that Korean 
professor, that English Korean 
professor. Um I'm about to get 
a cheeky smile. Yeah. yeah. I 
remember that kid that rolled 
in the room like this. Go like 
this. Yeah. With the bifocals. 
Yeah. Um yeah so uh I meant to 
ask concerning that is um 
outside of you know, the you 
know, the um being having 
gratitude, that kind of thing. 
Um do you take any kind of 
notes like is there do you do 
that any kind of planner? 
Because like in our community 
in the FMA community, you kind 
of is the first generation that 
um did the social media and 
kind of blew up like a lot of 
those videos are viral. You're 
known as like the Lanky guy 
with the real. It's so 
hilarious. Filipino Martial 
Arts soundtrack. where did you 
get all those those music 
because I'm wondering like is 
he like super organizing today? 
Does he have like a journal 
that he writes like this is 
what I do from like 5 o'clock 
in the morning because like 
those videos Like so many of 
you read videos have gone viral 
and you're kind of most known 
as like the how to lanky guy 
because you would show like 
moves and instructional and you 
kind of have a very lanky 
frame. Yeah. And then and then 
the soundtracks. I know, I know 
a lot of FMA Schools. they use 
your music and you see what I 
mean, See how I'm the baby. 
Yeah, baby. Since I've been 
starting Filipino martial arts 
in 2016, you are my 
soundtracks. Nice. Yeah. So you 
got, you gotta ask. That's a 
two notes. Yeah. So, talking 
about notes. No, I'm I'm too 
much of a go with the flow kind 
of guy. you know, whatever, 
whatever flights of fancy I 
might have, I just, I just go 
with it. So. yeah. nowadays II 
really have to try to write 
things down because I'm getting 
older and my memory is not so 
good and it's just a good way 
to clear mental space because 
before I would just spend like 
hours and hours and hours on 
the techniques I would teach in 
class and I would I would watch 
the tutorial over and over 
again and then it's all in my 
mind, It's like, how do I teach 
this move? You know, like 
jiujitsu moves, how complicated 
they are and you know, and you 
don't want to embarrass 
yourself like now, I'm like, 
no, I'll just, I'll just fill 
in the blanks. You know, I 
think I have enough technique 
and ability to communicate as 
like it doesn't have to be 
perfect. So, I'll write stuff 
down so that I won't have to 
think about it anymore. I'll 
just. Okay. now, now it's on 
paper. Now, I can just look and 
myself and that's what I do now 
but before you know how I got 
into all that stuff is I just I 
think I was watching a video 
and FCS video. um by Tu Rico 
Cortez and it was a break in 
breakout video technique on 
footwork and he had played this 
beat and it was from this band 
called Solace and uh it's 
called The and it must have 
been some Middle East belly 
dance music and it was absolute 
fire. I don't know. It was just 
like, dude, I can I can move to 
this all day, all day. So, um I 
found the tracks. I found the 
band and I was like and every 
single track I use, I I've I've 
played every day and every day 
at the gym, people were like 
commenting. This track is so 
good. Like where where did you 
get this music from? You know, 
like so I was like, okay, you 
know, I'm just going to put it 
on YouTube and of course, it's 
It's copy written stuff. It's 
not my material but people are 
sending me messages like, yo, 
can I use this for my 
commercial? You know, do you 
mind if I rip this? And I was 
like, I am not the creator. I'm 
not the owner. You gotta ask 
them for permission. I'm just 
sharing this stuff online and 
uh yeah, those got a lot of 
views and I guess uh like you 
said, people are using it uh 
and they're training. It's the 
soundtrack to life and for some 
of you guys now and then I put 
number two and number three up 
you know, and Just keep my ear 
open. Uh the last two 
soundtracks that I put up were 
actually from Guru Kai Kai 
Lewis, my uh pong laur 
instructor. He's also a 
colleague FMA instructor as 
well and he just shared with 
that. Share that with me and I 
was like, yeah, we gotta share 
this with the world. So, 
anyway, that's so funny. They 
call me the Lanky guy because I 
feel like you gotta be tall to 
be lanky. I'm like five foot 
seven I mean, because I maybe 
like the the video makes people 
appear larger than they are, I 
guess so, but that's the 
comments I get like, hey, man, 
you watch that guy. You got 
good lines. He's got good like 
instructional videos online 
because the thing is you kind 
of gone viral since like the 
twenty odds and you have like 
what like twenty 1040000 
subscribers somewhere around 
there. Yeah. what the some of 
the some of the videos would 
have like thousands of views 
and then when they train their 
FMA like when they're doing 
their car or they're hitting 
the tire or the or the heavy 
bag, they put your music on. 
Heck, I've I've participated in 
a sparring session where you 
were the soundtrack within like 
3 Minute rounds. I 
unfortunately, we don't have, I 
wouldn't shoot a video of that 
but with the sparring and like 
you were the soundtrack. Nice 
and it's like kind of like a 
perfect length like the ring 
the round where and like like 
this soundtrack. Yeah. Yeah. 
Yeah. That's awesome. That's 
awesome. Uh I'm just grateful 
that I've been able to have an 
effect on this like on this 
community We gotta say the 
Filipino martial Arts community 
has been like so kind and 
supportive and you know II know 
myself. I'm I'm a beginner 
intermediate level as well. 
There's like a really high 
level dudes out there with vast 
amounts of knowledge, way more 
knowledge than me. I know I'm 
coming here making tutorials on 
this. This generation's old 
martial arts and they're giving 
me support. They're giving me, 
you know, props and things like 
that which is which is amazing 
and you know, I' I'm just so 
grateful to be part of it and 
have uh an influence. So, uh 
it's it's just it's just 
awesome. It's just awesome. I'm 
I'm glad you have a very 
positive experience because you 
know, sometimes the FMA 
community will be full of 
trolls. Yeah, for sure. You 
know, like this and I think my 
instructors protected me from 
that from that aspect of uh the 
politics and the hierarchy and 
stuff like that. Uh you know, 
who visited me one time. We're 
out of the blue guru are 
occidental No, he just he 
actually just messaged me. He 
tagged me. Yeah. And he said 
that you're a golden purse 
Yeah. So, props to props and 
shout outs to Guru in June and 
what his visit have a one of 
the biggest effects on me 
because he just showed up and 
I'm like, I have no idea who 
this is, you know, and I'm 
trying to impress him, you 
know, like I don't know what is 
what his ability was, you know, 
and I'm teaching the class and 
then like I ask him for a 
little bit of demonstration and 
for him to share his knowledge 
and it was just like and I was 
like, I took a step back. I was 
like, whoa, dude. Oh, homie G. 
calm down. Yeah. Anyway, like 
II. Told him. I was like, 
please, please share your 
knowledge. Please teach us and 
I asked him, you know, how can 
we pay you? How can we do this? 
And he like, he gave me this 
dirty look like he was going to 
punch me in the face. He's 
like, don't you ever ask for 
payment for me again And I was 
like, okay, okay, whatever you 
say, guru, whatever you say, 
sir and um at the end of the 
session at the end of the first 
session, he just put his hand 
on his heart and he's just 
like, he was so sincere and he 
said, he said, thank you and 
he's like, I'm I'm so impressed 
that you're uh trying to 
promote the A's here in in in 
Thailand and that you're trying 
to um you know, share spread 
the knowledge and I like that 
that that hit me the hardest 
and I was just like, man, this 
community is unreal. So, it is 
it is if if you here's the 
thing, they might be the the um 
semi occasional um not even 
occasion but seldom like troll 
but the vast majority of people 
actually particularly the super 
high practitioners, golden 
people like the Buddha like 
Juan Bodhi type of **** Yeah, 
man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. yeah. 
So, I was just about to say in 
general, in this community, uh 
the more advanced practitioners 
and the highest masters, not 
all of them and because I know 
some that are not but most of 
them, the highest skills that 
they have, the more genuine and 
welcoming and compassionate 
they will be and they will want 
to help rather than criticize 
them. So, right. They got 
nothing to prove. You know, 
they've been through all of 
this. Exactly. Exactly. 
Everything. they see you, I was 
going to ask you because I 
believe he's based in Rome, 
right? Um have you did you pick 
up any kind of short range? you 
know, skills from June? Yeah, 
that's a lot of stuff is pawn 
and he didn't share the talk. 
He saved that for next time but 
he shared with me um his uh his 
uh I think uh skills from his 
his grandma. and it was just 
fire, man. It was absolute. It 
was it was so good. It was so 
good from from GM earning and 
and Oh yes, yes, yes. Yeah. So, 
this is kind of like a follow 
up question from like the 
previous topic that uh we was 
talking about was um because 
you obviously had to go to 
Thailand for emergency, first 
wife, that kind of thing but 
what made you fall in love with 
Thailand and and a follow up to 
that is are you practicing any 
hema or Crabby and 
incorporating with your FA? 
Okay, what made me fall in love 
with Thailand? Uh I think was 
just so disillusioned with the 
United States and living in 
California. I was just really 
unhappy I felt the people were 
like super pretentious and then 
I wasn't getting anywhere. I 
felt like it was so competitive 
for me and like I wouldn't be 
able to follow any of my 
dreams. It's like if I did, if 
I were to follow my dreams, I 
think people would just like 
kind of dismiss me and maybe 
not laugh at me in front of my 
face but just like, oh, you're 
that's childlike and I'm like, 
why don't you get a job? A 401 
K And I want you to invest in 
stock and things like that. You 
know, like to me, petty kind of 
stuff, you know that And that's 
the general vibe I got from 
Californians and I come to 
Thailand in a living. It's it's 
a really extreme place. 
Thailand. It's like you got 
third world on one side and you 
got this, you know, very 
progressive economy on the 
other and and everything in 
between and I never felt freer 
in my life to express myself 
and to be who I am and it it's 
something about being born here 
and it having the connection 
here and feeling like people 
are more respectful towards me 
especially being a teacher in 
America. People don't respect 
teachers so much as students 
don't really care about 
teachers. It's like kind of 
ridicule. Our teachers almost 
as being a lower and lower end 
job in Asia, A teacher is like 
revered. It's almost a sacred 
position. Totally. I work in 
the in the school here in 
Canada and I work as a teacher 
in China for 2 years night and 
day night and day, night and 
day different. Yeah, right? And 
this is part of culture and you 
know, being treated like that 
and and feeling like someone 
special. You know, it it hit 
home. and the food was awesome. 
The people are awesome and I 
felt like I didn't have to have 
any pretenses. I didn't need to 
to show off or or to be someone 
I wasn't. I was just 
comfortable being me and that's 
why I love Thailand. Thai 
people. They're they love to 
have fun and enjoy themselves. 
They love to smile. It's just, 
it's just a great idea. It's 
just like the Filipinos, you 
know, the Filipinos are like, I 
like ties on on crack cocaine. 
I'm like, ties are a little bit 
more reserved are a little bit 
more reserved, you know, so 
it's like, okay, this is me. 
I'm a little bit a little bit 
more chill like I can't, I 
can't operate on that level on 
eleven all the time. So, and 
then he's a a better place me 
so that's why I fell in love 
with it and um I've Trying to 
the traditional martial arts of 
Thailand because they have Muay 
Thai but a lot of it nowadays 
is sports Muay Thai finding 
people, people obsessed about 
Moira but it's really the 
Westerners that obsess about it 
because of um and and you know, 
the movies and stuff like that 
but really there's actually no 
separation to most of us. Tas 
Muy and Muay Thai Muy Boron is 
Muay Thai. Muay Thai is Muay 
Barron. So you have some Muay 
Thai trainers. if you know 
you're really close to them, 
they'll show you the old the 
old stuff in application to 
fighting in the ring. So, 
Nowadays, it's really difficult 
to go and find like a temple 
school or you're learning the 
really traditional stuff. It's 
it's just it's not that 
prevalent. So, again, I want to 
study grubby Grub, The only 
place they were teaching. it 
was in PE PE class and at 
schools but it wasn't it wasn't 
even in it wasn't the final 
application. It's really just 
the dance, the robo so they 
would just be dancing and 
moving with this with the uh 
with the sword. I was to Julius 
before they they were teaching 
at the institute in Bangkok but 
then that's not the funk and 
it's splintered off. So, it's 
getting harder and harder to 
find So, now, what I'm trying 
to do this Sunday, I'm going to 
learn this style called Jen and 
Jen is actually a northern 
style. It's actually a moron 
style from the north and it 
doesn't look like Muay Thai at 
all. It doesn't look like muy 
at all. It actually looks like 
how do you spell it? 
JERNG. they call it as well 
like Muay Thai Muy. Uh the 
weapons they use, they'll use a 
double swords and it looks much 
more like kung fu. You'll see 
them spar. It's like half gay 
part It looks, it looks like a 
giant sword like a Chinese do 
It's more like like the the the 
Thai sword. So, you'll use 
double versions of that. and 
the the empty hand style looks 
like a lot but they do a lot 
more of the the clapping and 
tapping motions, You know, a 
lot of people misinterpret the 
the tapping motions. The 
tapping motions is actually um 
so it's like a weapon is coming 
in. It's like you're you're 
like a Perry. Yeah. You're not 
you're not going to Yeah. 
you're not going to necessarily 
get caught by it if it's a 
single word if you if you get 
the back basically you you 
bring it away from you. Then 
you smack him with a weapon. 
That's what that is. There we 
go. There we go. So, people 
like a punch like when people 
go like this, what that really 
is is that punch and I and II 
Perry, your shot. Yeah. Yeah. 
self-defense purposes could be 
uh attachment or it's not it's 
not slapping your your your 
muscle. So Pao Pao taught me. 
Uh the other reason for Peck 
Peck actually as well because 
at first I thought it was only 
good thing and I thought it was 
oh like maybe you don't have 
gear or It'll be a moment of 
impact, right? But uh good 
Apollo uh told me that it was 
actually creates a lever at the 
at the elbow joint when you 
stop the bicep, the elbow and 
the wrist will go which will 
make the strike faster and 
you'll have uh a lever point so 
that your your angle two will 
be faster and then like after I 
learned that I was like, dude, 
what? Because I was kind of 
upset like the past two or 3 
months people are going after 
peck. They're like, oh it's 
garbage. It Bs. There's no 
reason to do it and I like but 
that's what we do in our in our 
style um in Tampa, 123. All the 
strikes have the bicep tapping. 
Yeah, I don't. What you just 
said is actually a derogatory. 
It's a female privates in 
certain tribes in the 
Philippines. When you say 
backpack, Sorry. no, it's all 
good. New trend. It's all good 
but but they those those 
ancient people really thought 
of everything just to one up 
just to one up the people that 
they were fighting. It's to 
win. Yeah, yeah. yeah. Right. 
It's so concerning that as a 
follow up question because 
we're talking about this before 
the interview. Do you also get 
any kind of exposure to one of 
the oldest style of lot which 
is practiced in Thailand, Pati 
typically around the south 
Yeah, you know, uh I've told 
you that um it's it's very hard 
to find like all these martial 
arts are very hard to find us 
because the Thai people are 
very unsophisticated view of 
martial arts I think of it as 
Oh, it's violence or sport. One 
of the two. They never really 
take it as an art form or way 
of life. A way of personal 
development. So, the two 
prevailing martial arts are 
Muay Thai, and taekwondo see 
something like a lot. they do 
have a national team but it's 
reserved pretty much for, you 
know, people who live in the 
area and are willing to to to 
sacrifice their time and and 
train it. So, like I've been to 
the website before and it's all 
in Thai. I'm not completely 
fluent in Thai. I can only read 
a little bit. So, you know, for 
me to go out to contact them is 
is is really a challenge but um 
if I ever do go to Bangkok, 
there's actually a lot 
instructor who actually fights 
MMA as well. So it's really 
impressive. His name As you can 
see, some of his fights on on 
YouTube but uh yeah, I'll be 
definitely willing to learn 
from him. 
I would, I would probably 
choose 
I went to Kona, Malaysia. That 
place was awesome. So, if I had 
to choose, I would because it 
was like I was like, Shanghai 
was 10 years ago. and and it's 
it's it's up and coming so it's 
going to it's going to get 
popular and the people that are 
really friendly shout out to 
King of Fighters and coach 
Johan Julian Lee Abdullah. 
awesome coach and uh he really 
changed my perspective on being 
a martial artist and a 
businessman as well. Did you Do 
you know any bass Like no. 
Unfortunately not. 
I mean, yeah, go ahead. I was 
just about to say follow up on 
that question. I mean, you're a 
kind of a real mixed martial 
artist. This meeting you 
different martial arts and you 
put them together and even 
though you teach separately, 
each martial arts, I think 
which style you still didn't 
learn that you would love to to 
learn and teach event a style 
that I haven't learned that I 
love to teach Probably like 
Karate. Karate. Oh yeah. Karate 
karate. Any style of karate, 
you know, I'll take it. You 
know, I think it's it's beauty 
and aesthetic to it and the 
structure of kung fu is a 
little bit more fluid. There 
was structure but more, it was 
more based off fluidity and 
what I like about the karate 
was like the hardens of the 
style and the darkness as well. 
and there's there's really a 
lot of um things that you can 
get golden things especially 
for the point karate where 
you're you're you're you're 
exploding in and out like 
absolutely figuring out the 
range. I mean, those guys are 
just like straight you know, 
assassins when they go to like, 
you know, for sure for sure. 
you know and you know, take a 
look at all the highest levels 
of MMA and UFC. We got guys 
taking a karate stance karate 
stance plus wrestling So, 
Henry, Conor McGregor GSP has a 
karate stance. Yeah, Gsp. So, 
you know, it's it's a it's a 
different method. Yeah. And 
people like poo poo on on the 
um on the point point style 
fighting but if you don't have 
to say and and and uh and Jk 
the idea is to hit and not get 
hit right Which is 
diametrically opposed to Muay 
Thai was just like, you know, 
the kicks all day long. 
I am. you know, I'm good that I 
practice mixed martial arts. I 
get to play around with these 
different styles and and then 
apply them or try my best to 
apply them in which style did 
you compete? Was it MMA or I 
think it was some form of not 
karate because you just said 
you would like to learn it. 
Yeah, it is. It was it was full 
contact karate. Okay. Yeah. 
That's it. Yeah. Uh the full 
contact with an open 
tournament. It's called Zen 
Kai. That was my first full 
contact event uh before that I 
entered into a no gi BJJ 
competition. and then after 
full contact karate, I did uh I 
did amateur MMA So, you're 
walking the talk. You're not 
just learning on YouTube, 
inviting instructors and 
teaching. You're also fighting. 
He's pressure tested. Yeah. 
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's it's 
quite the experience was um 
really grateful for it but it's 
just it was hard because I'm 
fighting like teenagers and 20 
year olds. Uh you know, I'm 
like, I'm on board of like 
being middle-aged man now. 3738 
like the last full contact 
jiujitsu fight I had I was 
against a kid who was literally 
half my age right? Yeah. He 
was. That was. Yeah. 38 at the 
time and I don't know. he's 
just a kid. He's just a kid 
that knows Taekwondo like 
Taekwondo is weak and he's 
smoke He smoked my boots. I was 
in so much pain. I've never 
been hit harder in my life. 
Omg. I'm I'm thirty-eight right 
now and I just started the 
jiujitsu and oh my god II. 
Don't have to. Yeah, it's yeah. 
You gotta dig deep for that 
testosterone Don't have a kid. 
If you have a kid, your 
testosterone go down. That's 
that's my, that's my base 
because I wrestled in high 
school and and III picked up 
grappling very easily but I 
have such a tough time with 
them because I picked Taekwondo 
later in life like after 
college, the old one with the 
the old style uh general that 
dude's like a Sith where he's 
one of the few people who 
defected to the north Um and uh 
like every every time you spar 
with the old style, those guys 
generate so much like Psi like 
they're spinning back is is is 
is as much as Ernie Shavers 
punching in 2500 Psi. It's 
unreal and I'm studying 
Taekwondo now and I and I'm 
like amazed at the body 
mechanics that they have. It's 
it's the best body mechanics in 
any kicking system that I've 
seen. I thought was good French 
kickboxing but Taekwondo is on 
another level and I'm so upset 
that I dismissed it as a kid. 
Uh early on. I didn't, I didn't 
think it was effective and now, 
in my older age, I'm like, man, 
Why did I waste so much time? 
I'm sorry. I'm I'm going to 
leave the floor to the um 
because we're winding down. I'm 
going to leave the floor to uh 
the viewers because II, pretty 
much ask all I wanted to to ask 
from you. I kind of ran out of 
questions. I've been a fan of 
yours for a good two 3 years 
now because that's really your 
channel. Pick your team during 
the last like 5 years or so. 
That's awesome and You kind of 
know now in the community as 
the soundtrack and Lanky guy, I 
didn't know I'm going to stick 
with that. I'm a lanky guy. I 
didn't know you were five 
You gotta be tall to be lanky 
homies. 
Um well, I don't I don't have 
any more questions either. I, 
you you ask some of the 
questions that I wanted to ask. 
ask my questions. It's just, 
yeah, I know. I guess I find a 
final thing um that I was going 
to have. There's there's two 
things that I used to ask in my 
old channel was um if you um 
can train in any AM, a system 
that you haven't or see guys 
that are like hm that's 
interesting like people that 
are doing something different. 
um what would that be? That's 
one So that's question one and 
then question two is what 
cultivated this like warrior or 
or or Marshall mentality when 
your child Most people pick 
that up. Playing like cowboys 
and Indians. When when was that 
moment for you? Uh so, the 
style that interest me the 
most, I'm actually trying it 
now is um Depo 123 Original and 
What impressed me the most was 
first guru Apollo Uh the way he 
approaches the technique and 
the method is like a true 
maestro and more importantly, 
like he he pressure test and he 
fights and spas It is 
characters so gentlemanly which 
is amazing and for me I ought 
to be honest, the the style or 
the method or the technique 
isn't important. It's actually 
the character of the instructor 
like, what can I gain from this 
instructor as a human being and 
the techniques and the stuff 
are secondary but what the 
reason why I like the compost 
so much because of the stance 
and the style, it's so 
different from the other styles 
of Kali or like you hold the 
weapon high or you have it in a 
chamber position. Um The 
cowboys are flat footed. Most 
of the time. you have this 
really wide, almost like horse 
stance. and the starting 
position is a low chamber cross 
position, low chamber. So, it's 
like kind of like this Musa 
kind of kind of doulas style 
and then make no pretension. 
You know, it's like stick only 
a blade stick and blade only. 
No knife. no, no, nothing else. 
You know, if they're drilled or 
are very very simple and to the 
point Um they don't do much 
flow drills. I don't think they 
only have like one flow drill. 
I think but they're their 
drills are combination. I 
practice Lam and and all of 
those The right now is one of 
our base systems along with K 
and that's really what I 
appreciate with the the that 
the inverted Y and it's very 
basic, very basic but it says 
reps, reps, reps, and within 
the simplicity, you find so 
much sophistication and it's my 
my my own training uh immensely 
and uh yeah II recommend people 
to go to go check it out. Uh 
the Campo one two Three.org and 
uh learn more about uh Maestro 
Polo as well as great fantastic 
gentlemen. So, um and what got 
me uh interested in the Warrior 
Arts and the Warrior Spirit. 
it's gotta be the Kung Fu 
Flicks Shaw Brothers um thirty 
36 Chambers challenged in the 
masters. Drunken master Jackie 
Chan, uh Bruce Lee had AI had a 
big influence but to be honest, 
I'm not the biggest Bruce Lee 
fan even though I'm AJ. KD 
instructor, AJ KD practitioner. 
I'm not the biggest JK D or 
excuse me, I'm not the biggest 
Bruce Lee fanboy. Um the guy 
that really influenced me the 
most is probably Jean Claude 
Van Dam, Blood sports gotta be 
like my favorite martial arts 
movie of all time. I can watch 
that like all day. you know, 
recite all the different things 
in it. You know, it's like the 
first true mixed martial arts 
movie. Yeah. In a sense. Yeah, 
you're right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 
And and John Claude had this 
presence that was and and and 
look, I was just so amazing at 
capturing, you know and you 
know, I just like I want to be 
like that 
Other than that, other than 
that, it's a video games. Yeah. 
Video games. Street fighter, 
Street Fighter had a huge 
influence on me because growing 
up, you know, constantly 
playing and me and my friends 
used to smoke weed all day, all 
night and play Capcom versus S 
and K to and like it's just all 
we did and then the the game 
play it almost became like our 
method of sparring using the 
concepts. idolize the 
characters where they were in 
the game. you know, Can and 
Riu, you These are like larger 
than life characters. So, when 
I was young, I was like, I'm at 
Ken's like, so stylish and so 
cool and the fact that he was 
this rich guy that you know, 
use his wealth to train martial 
arts and became a champion and 
I love his brass and and and 
you know, unpredictable stylish 
that they would call later in 
life and then I started to 
respect you and then he was 
more of the, you know, the 
disciplined um strict martial 
artist trying to you know, 
perfect himself in many ways 
and then I decided I was like, 
man, I gotta be like that. II. 
Can't just sit around and and 
not fantasize about these guys. 
I gotta try to live it and then 
I'll be getting into fighting 
and competition has Help me, 
help me. uh blossom into 
something like that. Of course, 
you know, I'm just an amateur 
fighter of man fighting hard. 
It's like one of the hardest 
things I've ever done and 
preparing for competitions is 
Ruth getting getting into the 
cage or before getting in the 
competition. I'm like, every 
time I'm like shaking and 
nearly peeing my pants and I'm 
just amazed of and able to get 
into competition and face my 
fears of violence and face my 
fears of of being vulnerable 
out on the stage and I think 
that's what has separated me 
from most of my peers. Uh most 
of the YouTube generation of 
martial artists because a lot 
of the uh a lot of the guys, a 
lot of peers in the industry, 
they're they're more 
technicians. They haven't 
tested themselves truly and I 
think it's but I don't think 
I'm going to do it 
professionally or as a career 
because man, it's just way too 
hard and I'm just getting too 
old now but at least you want 
the top, you know, that's 
what's important. Shout out to 
people that um martial artists 
are a big fan of the Marvel 
versus and shout out to Yoko 
Amora. We're talking about that 
prior to the for the to this 
interview. talking about you as 
the soundtrack guy of FA This 
is probably the greatest like 
video game composer of all time 
because if someone's as someone 
that uh that comes from a music 
background. You hear the 
influence of Beethoven and 
Ravel particularly Ravel in in 
in the Street Fighter 
soundtrack. I mean, a lot a lot 
a lot a lot of her riffs. her 
guitar riffs are straight up 
ripped like um for for lack of 
a better word plagiarize and 
she would just pull step down 
like one thing or maybe change 
the time signature on one The 
Kent theme is basically uh from 
the top gun soundtrack. I think 
it was a mighty wings or or one 
of the one of the many logins. 
One, uh it's brilliance for 
you, man. I mean, I look up to 
that guy. That's a perfect uh 
FM, a workout soundtrack guy's 
the come on, man goes to 
everything. Absolutely. It goes 
with everything. Yeah. So 
that's it. Is there any other 
topic you want to talk about 
Martin? 
I just want to say I'm I'm 
really grateful for you guys 
inviting me on this uh this 
this discussion and um I'm 
really happy to express myself, 
express my views. Uh thank you 
to all my viewers who've given 
me support throughout the 
years. Thank you guys for 
watching my channel and thank 
you for you know labeling me 
the Lanky guy. and uh I hope 
you know, hopefully in the 
future I can provide more and 
more content and uh and III 
want to learn more myself one 
of these days I'm looking 
forward to visiting and 
traveling from the Philippines 
learning the motherland. Most 
importantly, meeting you guys 
in person. Please, please, you 
guys have a chance to come to 
Shanghai. Have a place. I want 
to go back to Thailand, that's 
for sure and if I go back to 
Thailand for sure, I'm going to 
go visit you, man. That's for 
sure. absolutely III got is if 
there's a way for me to meet my 
hero uh boy, and the guy who 
drills into Calcite Galaxy just 
saying help help help me out. 
Yeah, 100% 100%, 100%, 
Okay. Thank 
you guys. Thank 
