hey I'm sorry I'm genocide of my camera
yo what's up everybody boy JRE in right
now I'm in the hotel room of my what
okay I'm the hotel room of mine Chicago
I'm in Chicago in my hotel room because
it's hella cold I want to go see the
beam but it's kind of like low-key like
very cold in wet weather
I might go out a little bit later for a
concert I'm here for the general concert
right away but right now I'm recording
some videos and called released a hidden
version English version what we try to
do too because I was good enough talking
let me take a sip and this begin hi my
name is Tiffany and I'm from Australia
my favorite artist BTS 17 energy others
or they might either aren't here my
lovely new women feel
[Music]
I so caught up just in here next my
window because lighting by the way
lighting definitely let's get this data
definitely let's get this started shall
we listen I know how long that was like
five tanks of me trying to say them
dance and Jesus
anyway let's go then I don't recall
English version what's going to be
different than English thanks to the way
their hips move hopefully they keep on
doing it felt like groan can feel like
Dodd Kali oh and he will write you like
the diagram and a muscle denim work the
way they are adding the source of the
other ones wrong taller
yo you left me in the cold room I'm cool
I see muscle there's something in my
drink enter
[Music]
no silly whap whap whap whap
[Music]
we could entertain with no computer like
more international methanol English
nothing you know they know the audience
[Music]
don't be alone so I do part of the
Korean version still I suppose not you
too please kind of newbie
there's nothing many people do English
versions of the original form hope they
do this started but not like I'm a
regulation so you get used to the Korean
so well and you busted screen so much
likes me now what is your increasing
like yellow it's not be weird but it's
pretty good like this looking pretty
good 3 2 1
no he came back here so Jesus is arrest
he has no mind his memory
mr. prep oh you didn't get eaten rappin
English okay okay I wanted to homey to
freaking rap in English my guess I guess
you didn't
graboids nothing wrong with big magic by
the way I think he's old salt ice you
like I bet you like some the guys you
get your work are you inspired me to go
work I actually just did like a hundred
push-ups because he's freaking so
specific I'm like yo you got some you
got some muscles and I'm like oh okay I
gotta reset them right down like a
mixture of like skinny muscle of fat
like skinny muscle it is fat there's a
little belly I have here the hidden
bridge our English version I guess I got
so used to freaking the Korean sounds or
the Korean language in a song and then
like the English part mix together then
the whole English thing is like a like a
I work I don't want the mind blowing boy
it's like confusion by like I'm like I'm
feelin as well that kind of thing be
honest now saying like you show you
someone this part of the song or this
song like this version of the song I'm
pleased with this one come up card be
given the fans what they want they doing
them both I do like that will copy doing
you know you know your audience
I swear gift cards to my gloves for real
I think they deserve it especially being
a co-ed group I would like to see them
like you know keep on going and I really
didn't have any really debut right right
now these are like pre-release ones
right let's go car take a Rd with JRP
I'm the next member y'all hi y'all thank
you guys for watching as always like the
vitiate has been subscribed is your boy
JRE and some like some everybody but hey
you better subscribe
you
[Music]
you
