markku hey and siesta my name is Laura
and I am Laura my name is tan by and mm
tan by and what hit us
thank you for two minutes we are the
traveling weasels we absolutely love
speaking Hungarian or should we say
macula tunnel um my piano tunnel oaks we
are also really interested in comparing
Hungarian to other languages around the
world because word on the street is
Hungarian is the hardest language ever
now stay we pick Tagalog to compare it
to Hungarian because we absolutely love
the Philippines it's one of our favorite
countries in the entire world and you
know we go to every year
and we want to make we want to like make
sure that we can actually say some stuff
and have a look okay so before we get
started I've got a special message from
my beautiful fiance can be like aura of
Minka debates book on which means like
us on Facebook and Hungarian of course
if you watch this from the Philippines
feel free to like our Facebook page as
well it's also call traveling weasels
and subscribe to this YouTube channel if
you're new and if you're from the
Philippines or if you can see Tagalog
please let us know in the comments below
how do you say the like us on Facebook
in Tagalog so you might have noticed
that we already know one word in Tagalog
and that hello which is Mabuhay Mabuhay
Mabuhay why do we know that already
because we've been to the Philippine but
who taught Ramona countless beautiful
stuff of us in the Philippines
[Music]
okay so next up we're going to try Thank
You a very important word in any
language and we already know in
Hungarian so I thank you in Hungarian is
Christabel afternoon we thank you
together
Ksenia Ksenia in Tagalog it is so llama
llama llama so not much for watching
this video of a llama
so what a nice is already is the Tagalog
it's kind of said how it's spelt with a
llama
it's about right Salameh which is great
we love like this that name in
Indonesian
alright next up we're going to do the
very basic yes and no which in Hungarian
is vegan and then sometimes between nom
and then we still cut around the right
and in chocolate it's apparently this Oh
sounds like you're worried like oh let
us know is that really how you gonna say
yeah in the Philippines if it is coming
oh oh oh that's easy to remember though
right oh my gosh so you know and what I
did anyway keep it up oh no no it's just
a CD but hindi hindi like the language
Hindi Hindi Hindi I like that mom not my
dog hindi yeah I know be a little helmet
well that's why okay anyway so oh oh and
hindi no I'm not saying it does not
quite funny to me for some reason every
like them
yeah I'm really like again and now right
now about it now I have to yeah it's a
really hard choice I like them both I
like again because it sounds like again
and I like them Nam because I always
think it's Nam and you I think it's man
and rightly sure so maybe I don't like
that what oh but Hindi Hindi right these
good alright next up we're going to the
numbers one two and three now water and
Gary
and what's one in Hungarian ed and
what's number two get dude
ketsu and three is how to have them
so that's Hungarian what are they in
take a look
ISA is that it sounds like Japanese it
now Japanese one is each year Thank You
Chamberlain ISA ah okay that's a no no
this is like English or Spanish I don't
know any Spanish so but not like
Englishmen everyone like when were in
the Philippines they had we were too
poor to princesa which I understand
completely Spanish that's true el nido
which teacher who the most vanished
being a resume that's true
anyways number two ISA you know what
fellow wha what like Delaware and
America it sounds like a place yeah in
the u.s. telework Delaware Delaware but
dalawa a number sorry that low tide low
Pablo ah okay cat Lord so we have ISA
dalawa tatlo edge care to harm okay next
up such an important word and when
you're in the Philippines you might
notice that everybody is beautiful or
pretty and so we need to learn this word
in Tagalog and we already know in
Hungarian its
yah yah if you love this little so we
know because the same goes for Hungarian
they're also very beautiful
yeah I love young you it's my fav I
think my favorite hungry I know it's a
fun to say the way they remember younger
is like a January and a kangaroo and
let's see what it is in Tagalog and
let's see how we're going to remember
that so I'm going to do what is maganda
ganda sounds like what does I'm agile or
March and Master come on mommy wait
manda y'all so to say - jimana and
in there yeah just reminds me of agenda
Magan daiya daiya maganda Mogambo
maganda so yes okay
keeping that it know what happened that
qualify okay so next up is delicious a
very important work in the Philippines
and the fruit there is absolutely
delicious really fresh and we really
like some Filipino dishes like pork
adobo Adobe Adobe for yogi hope hope
when we ate hope so fat when we ate
fourth we don't eat pork anymore but
when we were in the Philippines we did
and we tried pork and it was great it
was delicious and for men we have guada
adorable beautiful let's dig in first
infantile this is citrucel was delicious
in hungarian phenome it is pinot noir
phenom because we got it wrong last
whenever you know okay no phenom that's
it in Kerala this is how you say it mess
without mustard up wrap wrap now this is
easy to remember because of the heart
which sounds like rest to me wraps are
totally muscle wrap I just remember a
rapper teaching something no you know
wrap Francis finger wrap our matter up
muscle I'll imagine a massive rat that
would be so delivered I love rap okay so
I have a new word to teach you in
Hungarian so that we can also learn it
in Tagalog and compare the two
so you know what waters in Hungarian I
did learn it but I can't recall it right
now so it depends a little bit on where
as in the sentence but sometimes it's
meat meat meat electrolyte yes MIT
well it's also sometimes me just mi me
just mi me doesn't remember cuz me walk
right me what watch me what what so
let's compare in Tagalog what I know I
know I know I
I know I know what I know what I know
one thing I feel of greedy is like quite
what I like about it yeah one thing I
like about our local fire is that it's
really short
yeah and I like how all this are pretty
much all the sons of had so far it
sounds we know so it's bright animal you
know I can remember that because it's
kind of like I know and a lot of people
probably think I know when they watch
this video from the Philippines or they
are from the Philippines they live
anywhere else in the world let us know
in the comments below like if you saw
any point panel or me me next up
something we hope people will say to us
next time we come back to hungry and the
Philippines is good wrestle Luke for
welcome that's right and in tiger lope
this is how you say it
hey wait hang on Alan welcome this is
the first language so I think we should
try and say this before we listen to it
we've never done it before
it seems to say ma ma Li gong-gong pat
pat Dustin Molly guy and pattern
beginning of the beach
Oh pretty similar nose it's more like
Monica young packed up teen money guy in
fact I've seen all right next up we have
good morning Yoda gasps it seems to be
something that we should say before we
listen to it and I can maganda vodka
right so it's the same know that it's
not the same almost the same as Mallika
I am so makan day makan dan McGann gang
maganda mugga mugga mugga
Madame Mata I think we're not going at
all Martha I said to myself so and then
good night which is what in hungarian us
to catch in the count you ate your card
exactly how do you understand the
dehydration yes it is you a jacquard
change a cap so that drug that's not
100% correct but we're still working on
that right now
and in Tagalog you say you say maganda
again and then you say you think up a
copy we don't need to remember that's
correct copy copy makatunga be happy all
right next up we want to say thank you
very much if you're still watching this
how I said I'm Garen
the definite a theme that's hand kissing
yuck so carrying on watching and so in
Tagalog well how do you think you say
Madame Ming maddening salamat PO um
madam makes fun of my pull maybe that
means my mama po po is funny cuz po in
jail and means Oh bottom bunk
total floor favorite hello chubby no I
like which ones oh la la la la la
okay okay next up is your welcome
what does your well dimension yes we
mission position I think the solution
again might not be hundred percent
correct pronunciation wise but it's
basically word is in Hungarian and in
Tagalog you have well I'm and mine well
on and on you're welcome well I'm a new
man one man so it's useful to say I
think it's quite cool them in the
Philippines next and somebody says thank
you and then we can say lon I know man I
think that'd be pretty cool that would
be the coolest next we have a very
important sentence I must eat ha ha
no I love you yeah so for those of you
who are new to the channel we are
actually a couple we are engaged or
grant brother and sister we're currently
celebrating we're currently celebrating
our Leben universe 3 and whether we
celebrate our 10th anniversary there's a
selfie it was in the Philippines
checkout footage
[Music]
the way you say I love you in Hungarian
is ferret-like senator Cara Black said a
sec in Tagalog Mahalo kita
it looks like it's mahal kita mahal kita
uh kita mahal kita kita like all your
talk mink is a facebook on please like
us on Facebook as well write and
subscribe to this YouTube channel or
your Costa Rica cell and if you know how
to send in Tagalog comment below
ha ha ha thank you so much for watching
we hope you enjoyed it if you did if you
want to see it speaking more Tagalog let
us know and we'll do another video
