excuse me doing this right hello
everybody I'm here with Cheska the last
video that we were in was being Mexican
and Filipino snacks which is very fun we
decided to change it up a little bit and
do a cultural recipe exchange so we are
trading and swapping recipes that we
love and having each other make them I'm
gonna give you our Mexican wedding
cookies so this Mexican wedding cookie
recipe is kind of like a nutty cookie
with powdered sugar
similar to the massif on that you tasted
but more walnuts and pecans I'm so
excited I haven't I don't think I've
tried those I don't think I've tried
them before what what are you gonna give
me
so the crinkle cookie I don't think
that's specifically Filipino it's I feel
like a lot of cultures make because it
I'll show you because I made test ticket
I don't want to make sure it's right so
these are like crinkle cookies they're
also with sugar they have like powdered
sugar on top of them too but the ube is
what makes it distinct me Filipino make
any type of baked good but if you make
it the uber version then that's
basically like the Filipino version of
it and it's for me it's a very special
type of cookie because my godmother used
to make the chocolate crinkles all the
time this is the oh babe I don't want to
have to let you go and explore the Asian
market in this pandemic so I'm gonna
drop this off your house hi chest
oh and this is the uber social
distancing and then once we are all done
we are going to jump back on a video
call to show each other our dishes I
hope I don't let it
I'm very excited to be making these Lily
crinkles because you know I'd have
nothing else to do
all right so this recipe seems pretty
simple I think the main ingredient is
this blue oh cool in there
I don't think the butter is soft enough
[Music]
stir in vanilla stir stir stir this
together flour and salt
this is a half cup of flour oh it says
whisk together flour and salt add
gradually to the butter mixture that's
fine I'm separating my dry ingredients
from the liquids because apparently lots
of thing and it's science and you have
to do that and I didn't do that before
did I waste some ingredients maybe we
got some oil we're gonna put the burner
go Boop and then we're gonna mix
together brown sugar white sugar the
extract this and this beautiful hey guys
welcome back to my beauty channel one of
these we're gonna do two cups of that
baby
hi what what what do you want what I'm
making something here you should take a
second I feel like I'm rushing baking
should be fun I don't know how to please
tell me in the comments if I'm doing
this right
but don't hurt my feelings so now we
basically have a cookie dough type of
situation going on here okay I need to
chill this cookie dough after its
chilled we're going to scoop it into
tiny little balls and then bake those
and then put the powdered sugar and
that's it this is so easy ours
you guys it's like okay Google what's
the weather outside it's 91 degrees I
just gotta say it is a hot day in LA I
was trying to make this fit for the last
like 10 minutes we're back
it took my dough out of the fridge I'm
gonna roll these into balls and then put
some powdered sugar over them and I have
to make sure that I coat them very
nicely so let's do that
look at that would you look at that
we've got a first one so it looks pretty
good I have to roll it into balls and I
have to bake it and my like my oven is
preheating on a hundred of the Fort 400
degrees Fahrenheit
I'm short-circuiting I feel so honored
that like I'm able to do this recipe
that means so much to Jessica I don't
know it just feels it just feels really
cool like I I think Jessica's such a
cool person and um you know I I hope
that she also likes the Mexican wedding
cookies because those are bomb Donna do
you want to help me sure you wash your
hands first cuz it's so hot I needed
helps like so I can just does it in sofa
I just make it into balls
oh I need to preheat the oven hello
assistant could you preheat the oven for
me I'm my assistant hold on a second
it's preheating I'm very excited to see
how they turn out I hope today do this
right and make Jessica proud because I
don't know like like I feel a little
pressure to do good to do right by her
[Music]
husband okay bye alright so I just put
them in the oven and they look so good
already I'm very excited to eat these
and try them I know I'm gonna love them
because they're purple would you look at
that oh my goodness I could tell they
need to be in look for longer so good Oh
oh my god that's so hot
[Music]
gosh you guys these almost taste like
Paul boron in a way it's like very
buttery and very crumbly and hmm I feel
like if I was a kid eating this I I'd be
like it all over my mouth right here
they are how beautiful it is
I'm very excited for this
excuse me be like it's something that if
you have flour and butter at your house
used to easily make this okay I knew it
was gonna be good but I did not know it
was gonna be this good it's like very
fudgy yet
doughy soft and I thought it was gonna
be like a cookie
I like this Thank You Maya thank you so
much for making me try this
hi Jessica one two three oh those look
exactly like them yeah oh they look very
similar I I don't know if I was supposed
to roll it in a smooth ball it looks
very similar actually yeah you know
yours looks really good like the weighed
like crackly and the the hard part about
that sugar that cookie that sometimes
this sugar melts in the beginning it
doesn't have like that snowy effect yeah
yours really well I don't know how you
did that's so good on the first try good
and such a simple recipe I think the
only thing I have a hard time finding is
like the jam Roubaix jam I would search
high and low for that okay let me know
whatever you need I'll just like drop it
off your house thank you well I am so
happy that we did this Patrol exchange
no cultural exchange
but we like
[Music]
