ah 2017 let's hope for amazing comebacks
and y'all been recommending Airways
comeback actually I knew it came out by
I was gonna take a rest the next day or
the previous day which I did I had time
with my family but now let's get back to
business now I have a little confession
I already talked about this confession
back in 2016 and the Omo kpop video
where I said my two new biased records
are the two Jimin BTS Jimin and a away
Jimin I feel like people hang on Jimin
sadly I mean know what I was unsure
about Jimin because I used to water I
watched unpretty Rapstar and I was like
not feeling her voice and then I don't
know I think I bumped into a video where
she was like fangirling about jay Park I
thought was super cute that's triggered
into more a away stuff and then just
more about jamming because I thought my
advice I'm not gonna be like Cho or it
was gonna be uh Kim uh Kim Seok Hyun
Sophia or anyone actually in a way
because they're all beautiful to be
honest my advice is Jimmy that that uh
song that she did with Schumann
human uh I forgot was called oh damn
2017 a new year new me uh oh uh either I
don't know either a hit or miss with a
away songs not saying everyone I'm just
saying from like comments I see like
people like leaving comments and like I
don't know I like good luck
I liked good luck I know people that are
a away fans didn't like good luck but I
liked it I don't know oh is it so the
wrong maze did something wrong me out
they released two music videos Bing Bing
and excuse me I'm not checking out Bing
Bing right now as you seen the tile down
below and yeah let's begin
hi everyone my name is Kayla I'm from
Columbia I love kpop my favorite looks
at FTIsland AOA and answer please play
my intro
[Music]
AOA Beibei too damn loud holy [ __ ] I
[Music]
don't know what my father is smoking
that Goods left up
let's let's let's start this oh I was
almost like a magic thing I didn't see
any teasers it's a it's a magic hey
would you would you what you got g-man
is also the leader as well right oh that
hair so here wait was it was that her uh
I thought in the face Tagawa me what oh
good man should have that dress
[Music]
I'm still holding my keyboard my bad yo
okay we got dogs coming out of hats
oh they're connected aren't they mind
blown
oh can I see it show up Choi says I like
short how she had a longer hair before
got Jimin in the background as a hike
man soon she control that rod though can
nobody do it like me was good Jimin
[Music]
how not hello Jim
masky I'll be some early some people
hidden around my na but you know what
like I said you know what I'm gonna talk
about this later okay
this design oh she got me a rock oh [ __ ]
[Music]
that rug damn who's that game for Mom oh
my gosh um Sailor Moon Tuxedo Mask here
the Roses right Oh kiss you yeah
[Music]
Oh what the help enjoys Jimin get bother
people say oh damn sure okay I see you
more like fingers that maybe put a
little heart of I got you
[Music]
okay gambit throwing cars at me you what
the hell she do with that way what's
that y'all a pokin out well it was the
other one Oh
ah
uh-oh she gone she's got chills with no
damn reason I feel like I think it's
just cool
Bingbing FNC entertainment it's been a
while since I heard about fnc for some
reason the whole music video game of
that now you see me you know that movie
now you see me that magician movie what
does it mean Bingbing that's only thing
I'm confused about obviously obviously I
haven't checked out the lyrics which you
know let's check out right now thrilling
Bingbing in my head Bingbing softly hug
me yell OH
narrow narrow Li Bingbing keeping
falling in my eyes Bingbing it's like
things like kind of like that like I
don't know why don't you know body sign
my wet lips my secret touch that I tried
to hide I'm getting short of breath even
I close my eyes oh baby tell me I'm your
lady you would come or not like a little
boy don't hesitate I wouldn't go or not
when I see that you're hesitating then
I'm hesitated as well be honest don't
hide it boy you show me come closer to
me my baby I was not talking about um
before I move on to like the next
reaction video which is excuse me which
gonna be in another video but I was like
I always thought you know what like like
I said in the beginning like I wasn't
feeling Jimin when I first saw her not I
think I don't know if it was with I saw
her in a way or first I think I saw an
airway but I saw her more on unpretty
Rapstar and you know I mean like I said
I wasn't feeling her voice but then I
don't know I just what magic did you do
or me Jim it kinda hard to explain
show us sexy - alright um this is no
this videos gonna wait too long anyways
thank you guys for watching like this
video share this video and subscribe to
your boy Jie from JRE km/l I'll be on my
sexy beautiful people listen the k-pop
it feels good and yeah keep on dreaming
dreamers if you have a dream out there
you have a goal out there put some hard
work to it and it might come true and
don't stop from there keep on going
always had a new dream and you go and
everything oh yeah bye
yeah hey you better subscribe oh my
people in the right leg or my people in
the side
[Music]
this is cake
[Music]
