heyo this is Leo with an age and many of
my friends asked me how I got an
internship in the Philippines and how is
the lifestyle there so in this video I
will share some personal tips on how to
get a new GT in Manila Philippines and
in the second video and many other mores
I will share what you must know when you
live and work in Manila
so we were starting I just want to
introduce my personal professional
experience here in the Philippines I did
two internships so far one back in
summer 2016 4 rahul RL who's a talented
fashion designer here then recently from
September 2017 to February 2018 I worked
at sunny Studios who is another very
successful company here in the
Philippines it's a retail company that
sells sunglasses prescription glasses
but they also diversify their activity
into cafes and I work there as a
marketing intern for specifically the
branch of sunny specs so tip number one
well you don't need to speak Tagalog to
work there at all but English is a must
English is the second language of the
silkiness kids learn to speak English
starting at kindergarten and they
continue and go on with English until
the end of their studies and then like
at work on their even Filipinos who
don't speak Tagalog personally I speak
Tagalog and English actually I think I
spoke more Tagalog with my buses and
teams and them but yeah number two
network oh my god network is so gonna
help you in life trust me
do not underestimate
any type of human relationship you'll
have in your life people you will meet
at school during group projects I work
like summer jobs or through friends and
family or friends or family they will
definitely help you out once in your
life because the basics of human
relationship is built on trust
so if they trust you then they will
recommend you right also there is always
a reason why you meet certain people
it's not just random so keep contact
take news show your interest in their
work and projects also nowadays there
are so many different ways to keep
contact using social media you have
Facebook have Instagram you can pull up
with people you can share your portfolio
and you have the professional Facebook
which is LinkedIn tip number three big
companies that you truly want to work in
don't pick a company just because you
need to get an internship it's a waste
of time
trust me perfectly here in the
Philippines you're not gonna earn money
girls that's not the propose you're not
the nerd
you're may like have project other ones
or any kind of allowances but not like a
salary so you need to compensate it with
experience and network if you don't know
which company in the Philippines you
want to apply for from ask yourself what
do you like what do you do every day and
don't be scared to actually say it out
loud don't be scared to dream be so for
example I don't know a Filipino
teleserye like all those big channels of
yes
ing ma well why not do an internship
there check out their website check out
their job offers and then you know
yellow just apply do you like fashion
because you've seen a lot of models on
Instagram or influencers in the
Philippines so check out who they are
wearing maybe it's a local growing
company land or another bigger company
like stylist like I did Rahul RL so just
all those kind of people online check
who they are wearing and check also who
they are promoting to sometimes or not
sometimes a lot of times companies
organize events and they invite so many
a-list and Belize people sometimes
always the same people so just look who
they are who organized that and this is
gonna be already a hint for you me
personally um I didn't really know what
company they were there and I remember
when I was there I kept looking at those
billboards and I kept seeing sunny -
sunny studios and so I check out their
Instagram and I love their strategy when
we did the sunny Sparkie I was like wow
that's huge I want to learn that so
that's how it works
number four the law of attraction yes
it's a big word but I believe that from
my experience actually I felt like when
I focused on something I feel like
everything in the universe gravitate
towards that day
to be more specific I have many friends
who when they are looking for an
internship they make a list of all the
companies they like and want to actually
work there but it's a list it's a huge
list like a list of 20 companies and
then these send emails and just wait and
pick whatever they have right so that's
one strategy but I never did that in my
life never I don't have the courage to
send so many emails and pick a random
company me my strategy was to pick two
options or three maximum option a and B
and like just focus on those two options
and it's either one or the other or
nothing I know it's pretty risky but it
worked
tip number five otherwise the identity
of the company so why is it important
because when you're gonna write your
cover letter you must envision yourself
in the company and in order to do so you
need to understand who they are how they
actually speak to their customers and
how they think and when you do that when
you absorb all this information when you
will write your cover letter it the the
person the each heart was gonna read it
they're gonna feel a connection they're
gonna say oh that person I feel
something there's something I can see
that person working with us over six
stand out by showing your personality so
you need to know that in all companies
you're going to receive so many
applications and from all that tons of
files you need to stand out how it can
be either with the design of your cover
letter or CV R the way that you apply
the format of your cover letter so let
me give you an example of what I did
last summer I applied for only two
companies company and sunny studios they
both have a significant brand identity
bar company when I started writing my
cover letter I was out of inspiration it
was too formal stead of writing a cover
letter I recorded my voice saying 13
reasons why companies should hire yes it
was a time when 13 reasons why the night
pizza show was this really so I regarded
myself I put everything on a CD I
physically went to the headquarter and
gave my CV
second example would be for sunny
studios so when I checked out their
Instagram profile I realized that
very graphic and very colorful the vibes
that I have was like very early vibe of
60s 70s with you know those shapes
circular shapes or geometric shapes so I
definitely designed my CV for like that
would look like the Instagram profile
right and for both companies I got a
reply I got an interview and I guess it
makes a little difference tip number
seven and ask for feedback from friends
before submitting me think I'm a pain in
the ass because I asked to anyone I know
to read my cover letter I asked for that
print that is the wording good is are
the colors good I already asked for
details and constructive criticism just
an important tip don't be afraid of
rejection rejection is part of our lives
in all levels rejection is what's gonna
make you stronger and it's gonna make
you grow and you're gonna learn a lot
from that me before I got all those
internships I got rejected by so many
companies you can't imagine first I
wanted to work in the fashion industry
in luxury and I applied for many big
houses in Paris like Shannon
I got into Chanel like the first step
but then I was rejected but I got into
Jimmy Choo then I wanted to work in the
Philippines so I applied in Zalora
which is like the biggest e-commerce
website in Southeast Asia
I applied they replied but then the
process was so low I I had to take many
tests in mathematics analytics that was
crazy
and I run out of time so I just give up
so but also they didn't think reply to
me so I guess they rejected me and third
well it's funny because they applied
first I need to use three four years ago
and never had a reply but I never gave
up on sunny studios I really wanted to
work there so I apply the second time
and that's when I get it so from all the
rejections in life I've learned many
lessons first I believe that if I got
rejected it meant that I wasn't meant to
work there now that I think about it I
do not see myself working for Chanel as
all then I think that there's a question
of good or bad timing so yeah that was
it
for this first video of me sharing
personal tips on how to get an
internship in the Philippines actually
those tips can work for any kind of
internships I believe not only in the
Philippines I'm not saying that those
are like no advice but those are just
personal advice that I got from my
personal experience
and what I've learned so hopefully it
will help from some of you yeah I just
wanted to share that and if you have any
specific questions do not hesitate to
message me would be a pleasure for me to
share more thank you messy
selamat glad and see you soon
[Music]
