in today's video I'm gonna be reacting
to SB 1/9
go up music videos so stay tuned the
first time I've heard about SB 1/9 is
from the southern agent rates Facebook
group shoutouts to everyone in there for
a hit play I just don't say if you're
new here my channel covers quite a
variety you know from unboxing product
reviews drone videos but lately I've
been focusing more on reaction videos so
if that's something that you're
interested in hit that subscribe button
and turn on that notification button so
that you don't miss out on any of my new
videos every week never heard of the
group of just so a couple of photos and
I initially thought
they're Koreans but I was wrong they're
all Filipinos from what I can gather
from people talking about them they act
and move like Korean dancers or singers
but they sing in Filipino and English or
they call it as P pop or P standing for
peanut pop or Philippines pop without
further ado I'm just gonna watch their
latest music video called
go up so yeah okay I'm gonna post it out
first shot is a drone shot of a city I'm
guessing that's the Philippines because
I could recognize some of the buildings
I could be wrong I'm hoping it's the
Philippines because they are from the
Philippines so anyways sorry let's
continue on
okay they sing in English and I could
definitely click on the captions just in
case
in
what did I say they sing in English and
they sing in Filipino so it's a good
thing that subtitles is available just
so that you can understand and watch
what they're trying to say so I've left
mine on so yeah
okay first impressions to the song the
music style is definitely Korean it's
it's korean-inspired they sing in
English they sing in Filipino which is
not too bad because that formula works
anyways I'm just gonna continue on but
look I'm liking the music itself it's
vibrant the songs catchy they dancing
they're singing and they're wearing
colorful clothes so anyways
yeah
I'm going to talk about the kpop formula
a little bit later but like I said
you've got the intro you got the cores
you got the bridge and now we got the
rapping let's see how the rapping goes
with this one okay
that thing is possible
oh that's pretty good
sounds catchy definitely gonna feel like
you wanna dance to debate of their song
after reading a little bit about them
but there are a Filipino pop group owned
by a Korean company they flew them over
to Seoul train there for about what
three years so you're always gonna have
that you know intro verse chorus you
gotta have that bridge melodic bridge
you can have that rapping there's always
gonna be a rap in any kpop boy band
group nowadays they've got someone who
rap then you've got someone who can sing
and really high vocals I like the music
I like the song I like the production
values I like the intensity that bring
in it's a little bit different obviously
because it's I wasn't you know again I
had that perception that's it's a k-pop
group but then it's not it's a Filipino
pop group but they're they've got Korean
influence in there so that's probably
what the simplest way to look at it now
there was a period of my life many moons
ago where I used to watch a lot of k-pop
groups back when Super Junior released
their song sorry sorry and their music
video you know everyone went gaga with
Alan
if I enjoyed that song because it's it's
pretty catchy even though I don't
understand about it and I remember
Philippines creating a boy band group
similar to Super Junior called
accelerate I think it's not really
accelerating the word it's like xlr8 K
so they try to copy Super Junior they've
got eight members in there I think Super
Junior had eleven at one point anyway so
when Super Junior became popular with
the song sorry sorry it is a boy band
group called accelerate with eighteen
members and when they release their song
I tried to remember what what's their
song you're so hot there we go you're so
hot it's back in 2010 geez it's almost
ten years ago so you're so uh they sing
in Filipino in English there as well and
there's music style is exactly the same
to Saurus or it's it's like a direct
copy of source or I don't know where
they are I don't think they've survived
I think they're they're disbanded or it
would s be 1:9 they know that they're
from the Philippines they don't trying
to be Korean yes they train and learn to
dance like Korean but they're actually
putting in their own stuff
this is the first song I've heard from
them look overall they seem like a cool
bunch of guys who's you know trained
hard like I can see the results from
this music video and they're their songs
so I just hope that a lot of Filipino
people will support them I know there's
always one say a backlash but you know
every time there's a group who's trying
to be like kpop and stuff you know it
gets a bit funny but let's just all
appreciate that you know they work hard
for this again and they're all from the
Philippines to LA so you got to support
your couple binds all right so you're
more power to them and hopefully they do
really well through the comments in
there now in our cranes feel when they
listen to their song yeah okay little
harmony likes 118,000 lights about
830,000 views as of today a room from
Korea ot5 here I'm so in love with
okay can you call them Kuya Pia not oppa
okay
became a fan today they're talented I'm
calling they actually talented what I so
watch they're dancing they're they're in
synchronization is if you already know
about SB 1:9 feel free to comment down
below let me know which song is their
best song or or if you haven't heard
about SB 1:9 do check them out and
comment down below let me know what do
you think about this boy banger so
that's it guys for today
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed this video and remember to give
it the like I really appreciate it and
subscribe to my channel for more videos
oh by the way do follow me on my other
social media accounts Twitter Facebook
Instagram and more for news updates and
exclusive content well that's about it
this Dennis I'll see you in the next one
bye
