[Laughter]
must Bumi believe - a bug put eyeshadow
on a hollow below our chakra hung up in
anchor Harappan ameen at maroonish o
makki bug-eyed ousa familia KO that but
nothing else pitot on his at ISA animal
among a waste not in samurai sir one act
in Hindi young party Anselmo Cassini
pupunta don't abandon you hello good day
my pleasure veins good Dana Palladino
sabi ko say late mignon
it's already 4 p.m. in the afternoon one
and nakka nakka oblong kasi canina
nakida taco under a to look and then
very good come on in eternally go
I am so poet NASA guru see daddy at
civilian Milan and lanista who do sake
chain lock echoed Osaka anima green
[Music]
my platter babes and eatin a civilian
Tony aksha Kashiwa nauseous Ahmad my
support of Abu say William so bocas in
deja vu put a sock in their gardens
semana shall have to tell me since no my
pictures about hi again in brittany
garzillo me iranian
what are you crying yeah go out like
this help me with other babes chicken
yummy yummy and then what are you going
to make my love french fries yeah
[Applause]
Colgate in Harlem intercept agony I
think I love so very Haruka I smoke so
if you're drinking and smoking even love
like that someone is asking if why you
aren't now I'm joining in my blogs what
make change your mind he said that's
because I film him and he don't have any
choice she asked also why you show your
properties now than before
what's the reason my lab business
properties here your house learn for
example it's because before they asked
me to have a house tour but I didn't do
that because I told them that this is
not my house what hi you don't scare us
Pizza Pizza yeah we have pizza in the
refrigerator yeah yeah yeah
all right you know but our legacy with
him wait wait wait wait wait wait
yeah yeah yeah my love it's because my
debate told them before that I'm not
going to film the house because this is
not my house and then but I didn't film
though in a house tour yet again play
just only this I post a girl this drone
shut but that was okay right yes William
washable Papa to down at your house and
fix the bank ran faucet okay so now that
let a baby suppose named chicken
I'm sure Papa did not dare Williams he
is in the other house and I just put the
French fries there inside so well that's
a happy day to my own sorry is some
house numbing unknown and fix a faucet
water faucet or a single possible the
kitchen door Cassie in the sea rat down
so abolition embargo I try I'm a changed
or aqua I'm gonna continue my gloto and
nomination bottom guy and Amelia my
bladder babes nothing my son might you
could get on them neither happened
Molina Kasim I asked my mom for sure so
tomorrow my cutter babes William and I
will be just at home a saying in
dementia Papa soaked in Bocas father
Hindi Machado my stress and well
what a mansion the very only calf and
coats get to this Nvidia so you look at
the base actually for my entering so
william cannon another pizza
Sahadeva Sheldon so she does it woke up
a shot I'm a UH presence it will be
chicken rice and salad daddy give you
food sky I'm gonna grab me my platter
babes
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
so high my patter babes part of my
bannermen so nandito Xhosa and Zulu body
so I am my sister good Tina who not
animate at the babes minute cut a new
position about husband cool young Sabina
beside pass it on Picasso let me at the
post trap angle Ugin column beside
condolence Abishai I have nano Monday
mobile admin what to say in your own
mahi Mamma Mia in Manado moon mission
say mo mo mo Guinea cannon ole ole ole
ola and the lumber must intamin good and
Ayana a CSI punky citizen you can encode
Madhab at Nia in mope Amelia Tarara man
good CSRs orangutan an encode a potato
bug on with this Adelia Koba Bissell on
top of reunion tamada bottom up
immediately sent monkey hallo below long
Xia buddy huh who believed in her and a
feeble gracious a familiar so we being
in Sabine's at a gardener
bucket up in the pupunta young I saw a
photo on sabaha na mean at least
lonesome behind a looook Lola Montes
expose I'm in my database indica servo
come open the door like an imam who I
say indeed naman Union there power Kuna
Baha'i Co you get out open a by equation
behind and Allah who has hidden Cacioppo
do my lucky man and then Sabine yeah now
Cosima smug and adulting man park
visitors are included in you go
she said that she's just asking cause it
must boo me believed out shy bug poo poo
Natasha do own a hollow below a chakra
hung up in ANCA Harappan I mean at
morano's o makki padre de la familia
cool Ryan Hughes ago pooja and my bloody
babes number one kya hindi new m'hijita
see Jennifer Pedroza behind Nami I'm
Cassie lagina Machado put that on before
know Hindi Padma black Napolitano man
shadow on and then number one I oka see
Nia's Puma Puma do on Cassie - Shankar
Pasha do own only me
Cosima natal adorn palace here multiple
sub Cosima English Sofia Varma boring
shadowed number tuna pakka I need to own
sauce every time na kupuna shadow own so
bhai echo : canal anxious Aramco casino
lang naman
my aircon must mama boring shoddy Barca
City by alumni monotony in it the bath
so don't question a guy paradigm and
Machado my inattention Linda Kasabian
appeal etapa pintado own Kasinga he made
swimming pool and then if del inca
shadows arm in Valletta muslimeen pool
if he wants to swim sunshine muck swim
now LM on swimming pool gibbehhhh and
then to busan young male voice assuming
full gallop anemic traveling on one hour
supported oh sorry sorry
and Mahalo dean young Thomas ah he do
own fault marker for Wells commit and
then imagine last a vacation coming well
act Hindi medium youngness upon open
tell'em doing para supper million dong
so yeah Punta de shadow on butter to
meet my family and param Akash oh and
Derrick I didn't mention monta√±osa bhai
of course let me meet Nancy lesap Amelia
who casts a poop on Tom and Sheila doing
sorry sorry Tina phenomena mozilla do
all and the only last last few years
don't man cylinder to told oh sorry
sorry pero this year he did not see
fully booked the nominee research - oh
no more room snitch aha in terms of
Hindi matanga perahera panama nor Hindi
nasty buggers I mean I don't need seguro
to explain further about that because LM
Conan one who Garnica by yasser Waconia
nearly speak to your family come on
Tasha Daniel speedo Hindi Marathi handle
business vanilla or Hindi a map and open
her up and I mean it doesn't mean like
that
Alka see you master wanna banana I
accompanied in your Sarawak unipotent
adieu own Cassie Ala Moana mantenga
Anoka in its Danza I mean at Chicagoland
our swimming pool so Cassie number one
gusto Ksenia part in the vacation
Shannon generally on swimming pool para
any time Lucas Tony I'm ugly I'm
aluminum shaft de ba so yeah seguro by
Ibaka Sita you monopoly pinion Anacapa
cassava no farriner alam KO marathi
telugu people going warszawa nila human
Agha why not in Aspen Oy like for
example per capita in in your servant to
your vanilla gusto people 18 ParaNorman
kasi down to see if Marty buy you a soda
or Hindi
potaka in in and balut come on Yokosuka
pas messing I doubt but Augusto makitas
a bunch up Amelia a bomb on a power
around
nah-ah it to Hindi - Martina and a
foreigner Danny and aku I am not like
that Cassie it's a Google I'm I'm so
very open-minded and I'm spy I'm very
understanding I hope asking mommy let
Cassie bugs a banana I of Akuma Indian e
i o Cassy at the same time Kunis a lugar
nila Huma in Anoka Anila indeed in
Manila PEP DSP toda Nilayam decision
call so Union dial on nearly respeto
corneum decision allah sallallahu Nepal
Ionia today io diba big bucket doesn't
pin in the Netanyahu Anoka meanness of
vacation coming up later babes were
numbed up at going sir vacation so I
want my partner to do that and acronym
man I am fine really
totally fine Hakuna Matata Familia hope
a Sigma smug and an Iranian Cassie I can
do whatever I want and I don't need to
look after him and it's a BA
I hope Asus young McStay don't say I'm
in talega it's because of the food
concern I oh ho cursing maka sake -
Jamila at Endicott Messina Serena the
mechanism behind bureaucracy I want
sanitized properly Malaya was someone
else it's a Chan let's say India ganeun
cuddly but Monica sake tila such Angela
magnifications he laughed because it
could ruin their vacation
Chrissy indeed pneumonia and lung are
honest it sometimes it could take one
one week and then if a new malaria so
the bus I am new Panna hoon I and dummy
common horizons
come back in the ocean appeal it I said
Magnus at puma punku oh my god going
adorable equality among that girl going
down and in terms of bonding with family
poop on pandemonium family oh sorry
sorry
so de ba and then if we are together
with my family in Amman hallucinating
familia Sonia Garcia English they were
Simone boring long sharp arrow
all-in-all napoca by travelpod
and very humble person so that but
nothing airspeed to elicit ISA animal
among a waste nap in some
sir one apt in Hindi on MRT Anselmo
casino Putin and Sabina neo Afghani to
Dani on in the Komaki in agony and in
ito Hindi condone you and Cassie kopaka
by Atlanta Oh Hindi mood apathy and Abu
Sufian cosa being io in the IO but well
Allen among massive tank but Hindi near
gagawin Luba and in my family side they
understand my husband from a bucket in a
second but I do own and Abu khattala
Kapoor metasoma inoculum Daniel Hoffman
all the way over gusto in confidence
among a copy bhai moppet bhai wallahu a
subpoena
Cassidy barfed on enough insulin Ilana
and convention sillas a Telugu girl pass
a responsibility not insular and I am
more comfortable telega tokuma insular
Evaristo de casi mas you know food
safety not taka taka daka big lamb so
much attention or done on a civilian
passage so macadamia Changi William
doing so cop anion in pero booty not now
okay Dean again so iam a no go home
mugging no no estaba en Casa de bah
Monica Sharma Messiah the Bama race tune
resna saponification
and we don't need to lead the person to
to go to hug bonding to the family and
to eat whatever the food that we have in
the table even if they don't like just
to appreciate them Indian Canyon just to
believe to them as a person I think it's
not fair and no one per man not an
Athenian DJ Antoine unfamiliar cool
vakataka cos I was a sentiment tons of
people media who of course come on up
Coonan ma not Banga Sawa I want him to
accept me and to accept my family but I
don't want him to feed my family because
Hindi money and responsibility Nia he
don't know what came into the mind of
other people why they are thinking like
that but yeah I hope nothing technical
numerous once I see you mother
foreigners my platter babes who last
month I was ill among people in the
Pelican Island Indian Gannon courage
jump out on the bomb I lock it off which
partners from the Philippines so so but
mostly we are Poland and they will
accept that right away and they don't
care about the status of the
I really didn't care because try a
Manilla I'm sorry Daniel and you have
their own money in their pocket Oh
buckets in the rich snuffled pina it was
Oba for Cinemax rich nun gonna pin a
million star to stop Filipinos non-human
rp9 so they accepted already about that
the ban and for my expect Neela hi
William
the yen no explanation como si si hindi
kannada bonnet in O'Fallon mo dito but
thank you so much sir I'm not a known
and alum code number remittance
independence AC panella from bucket in
the commode is our photon and the end so
before my platter babe saying known in
the Peconic statement flag shall adorn
and especially long time pin up a
condominium behind you Lonnie mama
Maggie shampoo punted on because he is
excited to see what's happened now I
know nothing here is a behind but then
after that known in the purpose Nala
heart Sabina socket and ammonia no don't
go ga'inja do own but of course if if
tunnel in yahoo Sabine Cola to be with
my family
but of course unison asabi cool in
batana Minami Newman are a young family
who do own sorry search so staying they
have time to be together and to see each
other and to say hi hello and how are
you I say you know nominee must be
sinner among all words basic model
number English young what are you mama
who naman silligan
cleavers English so I chop up my Islamic
you Supriya specification coming with a
lagoon injury new journey on vacation
yes I sell em garnish a khabees
it it was a Norway and I'm not a short
vacation Randleman company so gusto con
usted I mean I go Vania because a once a
year long term Iman travels a Pilipinas
and I'm so much thing for a second Toto
simply didn't come in mug trouble coming
in the other country the bad fair also
so that perishes our decision Kunis a
Pilipinas for me it's because of my
family para Makita impermissible
so I am thankful enough about that so I
a Hindi kosher in Istanbul and I want
him to be alone sometimes as welcome
massification Kabir para
relaxed allagash after sipping of course
khun uncommon Amelia of course he needs
to take good care of women as well so
hindi siya gonca very relaxed / I mean
even a guy called Ali Kemal is teddy
bears because such a an and just
to drink and to unwind the bar that's
really enjoyable
so I onion Gustavo go in here and the
Unicode in Adela Constanza and in the
kosher in a park I go on my own young
kinda know Sonia because he is in
holiday so you get me a new mindset
about that a baby Skyy okay Maggie
September huija and Cassie I know what I
am doing and my husband is very much
hurried enough to make a decision knock
about big guy best spatter Sonya kumara
me some atropine apena hannah0 and
there's nothing on that case a decision
in London mignon and Pocky do own cos
it's their life better Salmonella Nicola
as I wanna Filipino open Apple
tonyandsara a lot of spinnaker I'm in
agony campaka in just to taste and to
experience the culture of the Filipinos
one animal II don't experience pero yo
Socky lung I'm gonna do own polka sake
Tim China Union
knock knock what the whole I see
especially sir I mean Indian among
getting high-tech in hospital them and
if there is something wrong and we need
to travel to the city if it will be more
bad situation uber as much as possible
you want to be careful seminar this
issue nominal Covina me so in my club
sana i 1910 you and you numerous tsunami
initial who want to do all and I think
there's nothing wrong on that Cassini
respite o1o Gastonia Cassini respite
owned in Yahoo and gusto KO so I had
sinus a good Quinton ohm and again Hindi
books behind I only knew Familia Co
hindi nia conducting familiar cool
because that is a lie and near is
petunia unfamiliar co-op course London I
am Lulu Rocco and accept me luck won
over me and he loves us and that is for
sure it is a hobby my platter baby Cindy
Neapolitan ago but you know going into
Uncas a cooler new parts none
faucet so America gunshot
my lab already answered the question of
that one be aware that says that why you
didn't go to the house of Grandma and
Grandpa what can you say about that why
you're not going there it's old it's
boring because no one wants to talk with
you and she said that maybe he didn't
accept how poor your family is that's
why he didn't go there
and I told I said that you accept my
family since from before and since from
the beginning before you start finding a
Filipina you know the life situation in
the Philippines it's not rich in them
and there is no reason why you are not
going to accept poor people because you
already have your own money and dinner
oh what's the point to find that each
Filipino it's more important to find but
it's more wise to find a kind beautiful
Filipino I'm not pushing you to go job
also because of their food I am afraid
that your mug in your stomach will be
wood or ache let me have a stomachache
because it will be a row in their
holiday if for example the stomach will
be aching for and for one week so you're
missing one week of her vacation
yeah but I am more confident really that
if you are eating food from the
restaurant not food that is made in the
house I know it's not that dirty
only the of the craft in the table
[Laughter]
and I know what you don't know and then
you go going kawaii you could be cooling
in a little onion burger but I am having
my water my reputation my old boss I
said I need it
we have my plat wave so who's Tony
aluminum Nomura Mito big you need to
have your own battle the water Allah is
a guillotine evening and that in your
car that bit on my platter a steamer
from civilian color cut off everywhere
huh mama will fix your toys okay
of all the magic places in the world
effective so in the butter babies around
7:00 p.m. or 8:00 p.m. today
next tartness a William the mug the lug
nut so right now it's already 956 and to
love mr. banana mush I mean
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Minako machado Anakapalli are casting
magnet Selenia que la cosa immunity
turkish inheritance alumina it's because
of his asthma so i am selling and not a
total phenomena but anyway a magnet to
my daughter babes and probably my
hauppage blogged in hoboken Cecilia
Newsday at home because he's not he's
not feeling well and I am thank you so
much much better boobs for watching and
if you like this video please give me
your thumbs up like this to subscribe
leave happy together always remember to
do always good and do what makes you
happy saves on excellence
[Music]
[Music]
