so we basically just want a little bit
of rounding on the outside
[Music]
hello everybody welcome back to another
recipe video and welcome back Jerome oh
thank you I had fun the last time yeah
it was so much fun
and that adobo was amazing if you guys
want to try that Filipino dish called
adobo and you missed that video go check
it out by clicking right up there today
are gonna be making another one on my
favorite Filipino dishes you're making
lumpia Luca comes in many different
forms okay the one we're gonna be making
today is strictly meat lumpia you can
also put bananas in there yes we can
also put a mixture of vegetables and
meat okay and then there's even one
where it's meat with fresh grapes
instead of the crepes that we're gonna
be fine I'm super hungry so we're gonna
get right into it
look we have a mixture of ground beef
and ground pork okay if you don't like
the pork you can always just use ground
beef yes I think the pork just adds a
little bit more moisture in it for the
finished product okay alright so let's
see if it's gonna be I think this was
300 grams
I know 300 300 grams is around eat more
beef than pork again the pork is just to
add moisture to it okay so just put dump
it all in and this is another just duck
mixture okay just put everything in mix
it and we'll get to go oh cool that's my
kind of recipe so this is some ground
garlic okay you can use fresh garlic if
you are but then people tend to bite
into the whole garlic right so I find
that ground garlic is better okay
alright this is some soy sauce soy sauce
so that's probably about a tablespoon of
soy sauce something like that maybe a
tablespoon of garlic and then this is
some salt but about a healthy pinch of
salt in there because there's already
enough salt in there from from the soy
sauce mm-hmm and we're gonna add some
pepper now the pepper I like mine
peppery so I'm gonna add a little about
it almost a tablespoon to work okay
so this is all in and then onions onions
I think we'll just get more moisture
again this is just about half an onion
if you got a large one okay or one small
one okay and this is just B's we chopped
up onions
however big you want the onion chunks
mm-hmm so a nice dice is all usually is
all it requires we add one egg and the
egg is just for a binder okay so we use
the whole egg just mixing mmm you know
what's interesting about Asian cuisine
is that almost all Asian cultures have
some form of you know like spring roll
or in dumpling yes
yeah I've noticed that too I mean
there's the Chinese have their own
version mm-hmm Filipinos and then I mean
I've even noticed um like the rush the
pierogies all right I guess don't put us
out yes so I think every culture is
something that stuffed with meat right
everything's mixed in now this is where
you can check the flavor okay so if
you're not sure about your measurements
if you wanted more spice or not usually
I would get a little tablespoon and put
it away no no I put a try little bit in
the oil so if you want to just this is
the time to do it adjust your seasoning
by the way this apron was a gift to us
from Kirsten and if you're interested in
her embroidery
she doesn't embroidery we also have that
link below this video so check it out
we do we do one rapper okay and then we
just fill it it we just filled this
whole rapper up uh-huh it takes about
you again I mean I like the smaller ones
okay so I usually use about a tablespoon
learn a teaspoon of one teaspoon or two
teaspoons are filling per rapper okay so
it doesn't seem like it's a lot of meat
right but once because when you fry it
this does get smaller and then the meat
flavor gets concentrated also I see so
it does - does concentrate the flavor
though we're not
putting a lot okay what our unity do is
from here mm-hmm I'll fold it over hmm
and we want the wrapper tight so I just
like a burrito mm-hmm I just pull it
back with my fingers oh I see
hold this back this way okay so you
really want to thin yes yes exactly so
if you notice all the meat is just here
right look at this point you can kind of
massage and roll out the meat all the
way to the end I see okay
okay don't worry yeah don't worry if you
fell you neither meat here you can
always massage it out I see okay that's
that's actually a good point that's a
very good point
hey you just rolled it up as tight as
possible
mm-hmm and then just leave a little bit
and just wet the edge and you're done
that's it yep and then when you rest it
you just make sure you're resting side
down and really you don't have to like
like fold a via the ends no no see and
what I usually do is either if I'm not
going either today yeah I'll put him in
the freezer yeah and then when I find
him
that's what I cut him did you want from
I sure would so I put about like 2
teaspoons of meat in it and I keep the
edges free of meat right yes if you put
all over the end when you fight that
will come out anyway right so you think
that's enough meat yeah I think that's
enough ok so I just fold it over like
oops fold it over like that yep and just
use your fingers to focus my fingers put
everything back here okay okay and then
I just roll it like that yes perfect Hey
then that's it that's it okay so we
finished wrapping up the lumpia so we
have exactly 16 16 lumpia okay so I'm
gonna put this to the side and Jerome's
gonna show us how to make his simple
sweet and sour sauce with a loop yes
yeah so this is a very basic stuffs all
you need is basically you can see four
ingredients yeah
well sugar vinegar water ketchup and a
thickener okay that's it the sweet and
sour is very very basic recipe you can
adjust this later if you want but it's
equal parts of vinegar so this is 1/2
1/4 cup an equal parts of sugar 1/4 cup
sugar ok and double the amount of water
so dissemble the amount of that so that
makes it 1 cup okay okay so then all we
do is just bring this to a boil
okay now some people get fancy and put
in pineapples and bell peppers and
whatnot those are just for decoration
for me I think right right because it's
a sauce yeah right yeah yeah and then
you're gonna judge if you want it more
tart push add more vinegar less sweet
and less sugar but this is basic just
the basic recipe for sweet and sour
sauce I see and then you can use this
with 20 students our chicken uh-huh
as a dipping sauce or whatever else you
want to put sweet sour sauce right I
can't imagine this going really well
with just like yeah yeah exactly and
once it comes to a boil ketchup we just
add the ketchup and this is basic just
for coloring I see so okay right because
without the ketchup it it's just like
sugar yeah so you just add ketchup
whoever whatever color you want this to
become okay you just turn the ketchup
until it's all dissolved interesting I
like how simple
this video sour sauce is I really do so
this is a mixture of potato starch and
water here now this is Lori yeah so you
can anything as a picker
okay Taylor starch corn starch arrowroot
but what I did find is we have to add
this in while it's boiling Oh
because if we don't add it while it's
boiling or at least semi it doesn't
really thicken as much I see as you can
see it's thickening runny lately are
basically idiot li you just turn off the
heat make sure you just mix everything
Wow and there's our sauce wow that was
easy okay
so Jerome this is gonna start frying
them ah yes before we do that we're
gonna cut them up yeah so we're gonna
cut them up so that they're easier to
fry okay and also the finger food at
that at that point I see okay now if you
meet this out ahead of time though
uh-huh if you put them in the freezer
they'll keep in the freezer for a long
time okay and it makes easier for
cutting that's true that's true and
that's and and I love that you can
freeze them yes then you can just like
like eat them whenever you want yeah I
just put them in a ziploc container all
right take all the air out and then just
freeze them okay and and when if you
freeze them and you want you can you
know you know you're gonna cook it later
do you have to follow them no you don't
I just cut them and put them straight
into tomorrow oh wow that's amazing
okay you can see we're cutting we're
cutting them in half but you can cut
them smaller if you want it depends if
you have little kids that you want to
feed you cut it in thirds
okay so just just arrange it - what are
you there
and this will fry up really quickly okay
yeah so we go since it is very thin yeah
so we basically just want a little bit
of browning on the outside okay wow
that's pretty quick yeah I mean of
course if it's frozen I'll take a little
bit longer but right since we just made
these they'll fry up really quickly
okay that's also one reason why they
make them a little bit thinner right so
that they cook quicker because the
wrapper cooks really quickly so you know
today we're making Olympia and the last
time you made a double for us and like
just in my mind these two are like the
iconic Filipino dishes what would you
say it would be like the third iconic
Filipino dish I think it would be a tie
between pancit which is a little dish
yes and our little which is a whole
roasted okay
kind of yeah so those would be the four
main dishes I think oh I see
and there's also like different you know
like ways you can make as well yes oh
yeah there's lots of different ones
there's gripens if there's also some wet
prints it so lots of different ways so
he these are nice color in them already
ya know so like I said if we were gonna
eat this if you were preparing this just
for dinner everybody dinner now yeah
just greening them get rid of some going
on and putting them on a plane or
something yeah it's good to go right but
I found that if I'm making a whole batch
ahead of time like hours ahead I do just
stand them up okay yeah so bowl like
this and I put paper towel underneath
just so that the oil has some place to
go okay and then I would stand up the
nutria and let them just continue
draining on the paper towel uh-huh and I
find they stay crispy much longer so
parties I usually would usually fried
Limpy out maybe two hours in advance
mm-hmm and they'd stay crispy much
longer really yeah really I love this
camp yeah so again this this would keep
this crispy for at least a couple hours
right
which by that time we'll be eating them
yeah I I find that these are much easier
to make then like the tiny spring rows
where you have to do all these fanciful
oh yes well yeah I mean this you said
this is just one simple roll yeah so you
don't have all the fancy folds the
flowers and what huh yeah that's the
reason why you've never seen us make
spring rolls on this channel because
we've never really mastered spring rose
okay Jerome yep so they are done they
are done and they look so good no thank
you yeah they do look good nice and
brown yeah okay look so I wouldn't just
dip it in the sauce okay let me still be
fun okay so crispy so flavorful pencil
meaty yeah that's furry yes
have you read yeah and again if you
wanted a little bit spicy to add some
chilli sauce but it's basically I could
finish this whole plate by myself me
Jerome mm-hmm a tea for breakfast I have
this and white rice that's it hmm I have
to cause little she'll be comin it's so
good yeah my stomach is rumbling
mine too my stomach was rumbling the
entire time Jerome was cooking students
in Chicago they had mercury more the
same content screen you know there
Oh Christmas no me D and you know what I
like about it is it was so easy to make
I'm so surprised at how easy it was well
thank you so much for you know teaching
us how to make traditional Filipino
dishes oh thanks for inviting me you
know and we had such a good time I'm
getting to know you a little bit more
especially since you are Karen's brother
and you know hello Karen once again okay
thank you
definitely guys give this one a try this
is really easy to make and we definitely
recommend this dish thank you so much
for watching it let us know what you
thought in the comments down below check
out that playlist over there for more
recipes like this one if you've missed
it adobo recipe make sure to check that
one out because that one was also
awesome until next time take care guys
bye bye bye
