his last moments would have just been
spent over here we here at the entrance
of the dungeon but their bodies were all
discovered in a dungeon cell just here
in this area
hi guys thank you for tuning into Amy's
Crypt I am currently standing inside one
of the most haunted places in Manila
Fort Santiago this place has a lot of
history and spooky places to explore so
let's get to it
Fort Santiago is a Spanish built Citadel
here in Manila of the Philippines it's
fortified wolves create the border that
contains the part of Manila known as
interim URIs and this place has a lot of
history associated with it a lot of
which is particularly dark the fort has
been used for many purposes during its
life one of which was a prison this was
both during the Spanish colonial period
of the Philippines and during world war
ii and this of course also led to a lot
of suffering and death one of the most
famous prisoners to be held here was
Jose Rizal who was actually a national
hero here in the Philippines and he was
imprisoned here before he was executed
by the Spanish by a firing squad he is
actually one of the many ghosts fought
to haunt Fort Santiago particularly
around the area where he was held
prisoner some people claim to have seen
his apparition heard him or even heard
his footsteps walking the path that he
followed to his execution site there
also fought to be many other ghosts
haunting this area a lot of people
believe that these are actually
prisoners that were kept here in the
dungeons and the prisons here
particularly while this place was
occupied by the Japanese during World
War two
furthermore there are also the spirits
of more soldiers and civilians still
fought to wander this area and it is
believed that they were some of the many
that were killed here during a great
battle between the Japanese and the
Americans to reclaim Intramuros and this
actually resulted in this entire part of
the city being laid to rubble and ash so
some of the activity that these ghosts
are fought responsible for here our
operations people have also heard
disembodied voices and screams people
have even been reported to be touched
here in the fort so this is a very
interesting place for anyone interested
in the paranormal
the very first thing that you're greeted
to as you walk into this for are these
Bruns footsteps along the floor here and
these are actually portraying the path
that a most famous ghost here jose rizal
would have walked towards his execution
so they end right at the gate but we're
going to follow them to the cellar he
was contained within and is said to
haunt before he was executed by firing
squad okay so we're still following them
around but I feel like we're getting
towards well I guess it's kind of the
beginning of them and they lead up here
here's where they begin and there
appears to be a depiction of Jose Rizal
our most famous ghost here he is a
national hero here in the Philippines
and what is interesting about this area
as well as these footprints here as it's
related to the ghostly legends the
centers here that he still haunts the
fort and that a lot of people can
actually hear footsteps when there's
known around walking down this very path
that he walked to be executed I don't
know if that's why the bronze footsteps
exist but it's pretty a pretty striking
thing to think about that this was a
man's last walk as you walk the same
footsteps yourself so crazy to be here
and see those footsteps and to see this
statue here depicting Jose Rizal and
there's so much history surrounding this
place it's also I don't believe that
this was the actual soul that he was
imprisoned in during his whole stay here
he was kept in a separate cell this was
just where he was bought and detained
while he awaited his execution so I mean
his last moments would have just been
spent over here
okay so we've just reached a part of
Santiago fort where there are the
dungeons and a lot of cells and we're
actually standing right on top of them
now if you look down just say into this
one it's pretty bleak and kind of
depressing to look down into them and
just think about all of the people that
were imprisoned here and not just in
prison they were tortured very brutally
and also killed so it's no surprise why
this place contains a lot of paranormal
energy all right guys I'm going to tell
you down these stairs here to one of the
darkest places here as Santiago fought
for about the heads to the entrance of
the dungeon
so just damn free here is a dark passage
that leads into numerous cells there's
quite a few of these cells we can view
them from above and this was actually
previously used as storage particularly
for powder but the environment wasn't so
great for that so they swapped its use
and it actually ended up holding
hundreds of prisoners who were tortured
and largely executed towards the end of
the war so if you want to come down a
bit closer so it's actually really cold
and damp down here if I shine and torch
down you can kind of see how far back it
goes
I can condense my light a bit as well so
it's a pretty long tunnel system and
there's a lot of cells down there and
it's super just terrible to think of all
the things that would have happened in
this area
this one here this big white cross
beside me is very important to show you
guys as well this is actually a memorial
for all the victims of Santiago fort and
particularly those of about 600
Filipinos who are our names but their
bodies were all discovered in a dungeon
cell just here in this area so it's
quite sad but it's a very beautiful
memorial I think Brian this spot was
standing at the top of even more cells
and there were literally hundreds of
prisoners kept here at any given time if
you look down you could just imagine the
conditions and how crowded and terrible
it was the period of time that this was
used particularly the liberation of the
Philippines and during World War two was
extremely terrible and bloody
now I'm once again up the top of the
fortified walls that surround the fort
so you can see the water just behind me
I'm on the other side this time and this
also looks directly down into our cell
that our most famous ghost here spent
his final moments before being executed
we just be on this dark staircase that
we have to go down
it looks like that we've just reached a
part of the foot that they're redoing
flora so that's definitely works to
maintain this place and it's always a
shame to see things like this like don't
come to these historic places that a lot
of people who suffered and graffiti them
like this being here looks like it used
to be a staircase and you can just see
how corroded away everything is and beat
up this pot is so it's cooler than
they're working on these restoration
efforts we've just found one of the
entrances to walk along the fortified
wall that guards the city of Intramuros
so we're gonna head down it which is
kind of cool this was it completely
contains a little city within vanilla
and something that the Spanish built up
when they came here
what is very cool about this place is
it's not the first Spanish fort that I
have visited and explored not the first
haunted one either it reminds me earlier
last year I was in Honduras and I
visited the Omo fort and I can see a lot
of really striking resemblances in the
design and the construction of this
place is very very similar I'm gonna
link you guys to that video just be
warned so it's a very early Ami's crypt
video so I wasn't great on camera with
editing or filming for that matter I'm
also pretty sure it was like really hot
that day so have a big sweat mustache in
the video but it might be fun for you to
watch I don't know yeah so this lookout
tower here looks very similar to the
ones in a more
that's or bird warnings fave what battle
bird warning I get me out then its nest
on the roof
why don't you trap me in there and tell
me that's bad innit as we're back at the
dungeon and we're pretty close to
closing time so there's not really many
people around we thought we would take
the opportunity to try and reach out
here unfortunately we can't get into the
dungeon because it's been closed off due
to a recent flooding incident so it's
not safe to go inside so what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna reach out on the spirit
box but we're going to set the camera up
to face down towards the entrance of the
dungeon I want you guys to keep your
eyes on it obviously listen to what's
happening with the spirit box but let me
know if you see anything weird happen
down there there's no one in there no
one can access this place so there's any
shadows or strange movements then that's
pretty telling that there's something
odd going on down there so if I'm just
sitting at the entrance to the dungeon
I'm going to do a spirit box session
here I'm going to be reaching out in
English there were a lot of different
prisoners held here some Americans some
Filipinos there's also Japanese soldiers
that died here so I just feel like
English is the best bet for me to reach
out in
okay so today we're gonna try to get
into furnace so I'm just gonna swap
frequency and see if
there were some snippets of voices
coming from after I changed in frequency
because the first session that we did
was just full-on interference from radio
stations and whatnot so if you guys
listen to that back and you could pick
anything out in any language that you
may speak then please leave me a comment
and let me know what you heard wrong Joe
fine really
is this like cuz we were right near the
dungeon and maybe something's affecting
you know what are you being serious oh
my god
okay guys now that it's dark down you're
probably still gonna hear a bit of
background noise around me because we're
on like the docks
yeah the docks are just behind us so
there's like I don't know construction
and Fisheries and whatnot but we're here
the entrance of the dungeon and we're
getting ready to do a few paranormal
investigation experiments okay I'm just
hitting record on a ghost - obsession
now and this is a ghost - obsession at a
different entrance to the dungeon here
at Fort Santiago it's different to the
one that we investigated early ants on
the other side of the prison area so I'm
just putting a phone in here on the
first step it's my phone actually okay
and we're kind of limited in what we can
do here since we can't actually get down
into the dungeon what a cooler in the
English and see if anyone will approach
us it's this big like ghost dictionary
is listening so maybe we can get a word
through EVPs I mean we're also recording
audio there's a lot of background noise
from the docks that are just behind us
but honest if we can flare up a magnetic
reading hello miss there anybody down
there hey I'm gonna come up these stairs
can you come up the stairs towards my
voice come close to me
most to me most to me most to me most to
me my name is Amy can you come close and
tell me your name
can you follow my voice is there anybody
down there
follow the sound of my voice and woke up
these stairs towards me
it's a lot of background noise I just
making it up in my robot
okay that's some bats I don't know where
that batteries came from if they're in
this dungeon entry that I'm sticking my
head
we don't mean you any harm
can you let me know that you're here
it's
really cold
just here
the entrance to the dungeon the air and
there is really really heavy and dense
and really cold
can you come towards me
following the sound of my voice and the
light from this device on the stairs
can I wrap up the session
okay so I just wrapped up the ghost tube
session because I didn't feel like there
was really anything going on but I do
feel like we should try the spirit box
again we try to win a bit earlier on in
the day and didn't get too much free but
we're at a different entrance to the
dungeon now and I figure we should just
give it a go it's much quieter now and
darker so we never know all right guys
this is a spirit box at the dungeon or
one of the dungeon and trees in fort
santiago of Manila in the Philippines
what happened during the world
why don't you leave for Santiago
hey trap
yeah I could hear kind of like that
small screams it definitely could be
because there's so much construction
going on over there it could have been
from over there but it sounded much
closer to me which was kind of creepy
and I have so many shivers like this is
really cold air coming out of the
dungeon I don't know that it's
paranormal just because it's coming from
underground but we definitely heard some
voices got some responses through them
which was much different about earlier
session I'm gonna have to review and
just make sure what we thought that we
heard sounded correct and if there are
any other words or phrases that came
through if you do speak Filipino or even
Japanese supposedly spirits of spoken
languages in life well in the area so if
you heard responses words phrases
anything leave me a comment and let me
know what you heard English too there
were apparently American soldiers at
present here so it's a place with a lot
of rich terrible history very
interesting though
so we're gonna have to wrap this up
thank you
so just now following the famous los
footsteps of Jose Rizal
people clean when there's no one around
and the dead of night you can still hear
his footsteps walking this path we're
just live in the fort now so for it's
something our guys right behind me it
looks beautiful at night but this whole
area does as well so just a wee little
bit creepy there was a lot of dark
things that happened in this whole area
not just the fort particularly during
World War two thank you guys so much for
watching I hope that enjoyed this
episode if you did please remember to
Like comment share and subscribe if you
guys want to do any more reading about
this haunted place or others that I have
visited head to amyscrypt.com you
guys can also follow me @amyscrypt
on facebook twitter and instagram until
next time!
