Filipinos are very competitive uh what's
your talent I want to know your secret
Talent we were once colonized by the
American yes I prefer Foreigner our
whole thing is that easy standing in the
light of your hello do you get offended
when you see a Miss Universe contest or
do you feel happy that women are being
celebrated hi what's your name yeah you
can call me Jenny how old are you Jenny
27 27 yes okay I see and are you married
are you single what's going on single
and have you ever dated a foreigner no I
don't know why I just want straight into
dating I guess can say you're single
today I'm asking about the Miss Universe
stuff okay I see it's all over social
media why is it so important to Filipino
the Smith Universe
Pates um Filipinos are very competitive
like we tend to compete a lot and we're
very supportive so it's a huge thing for
Filipinos especially um in this universe
did you watch it this year I haven't
gotten a chance cuz I'm working but I
was so happy that nicaro um went so you
know won actually I have no idea okay
Nicaragua Nicaragua she good yes you
think she deserved it she's really
deserving okay so there's like a talent
portion right to the what's your talent
I want to know your secret
Talent um I guess most Filipinos are
really good in singing so I guess I can
sing you want to sing this song no give
me a little something like a happy
birthday or I don't know
something um too shy you could do it
okay so I'm just going to sing a song
yeah sing a song for me um what
song uh I guess I can sing a song so I
guess I'm going to sing um you know any
Justin Bieber songs Taylor Swift songs
yeah okay a Taylor Swift song okay so I
guess I'm gonna sing Taylor Swift um so
this is
me in front of you saying I'm sorry for
that thank you that's amazing thank no
that's pretty good you like karaoke or
whatever uh just singing in the
bathroom like most of us right I think a
lot of us sing in the bathroom all right
well thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it thank you bye do you watch
the Miss Universe Beauty passions yeah
yeah okay what do you you watch it right
and what do you think about it I have no
idea why is it so important to
Filipinos um because like we I we have a
representative from the Philippines and
she's just so nice so pretty so yeah
we're um really looking forward that she
would be crowded the Miss Universe but
unfortunately she was not but she was um
a part of the top 10 so we're just
really proud of her yeah and also got
four award we are proud of that that's
great have you ever taken part and
Beauty passions no because look at our
high so it's not they a little bit
shorter and also I'm not good in English
I yeah but I'm practicing hey you're
talking to me right now that's pretty
good right trust me your English is a
lot better than some other girls from
other countries okay yeah actually
English is one of the main reason why
men like myself and others come here for
the Philippines yeah okay Philipp
loves tell me what maybe he also want to
experience something yeah and also when
I when I want to talk some um Americans
I I want to what you call that I want to
you want to practice your English my
English it's also better to know um
people from different nationalities so
we can also be able to be relable about
your um culture and
TR but actually we had Amer okay yeah I
no there a lot of influence from the
West over here as well right we were
once colonized by the
Americans probably you girls are
intelligent you seem their history which
is great now tell me um in the Miss
Universe is like a talent part right
what is your secret Talent it's a good
talent so I think it's still hidden okay
we got to find that so hers is hidden
yours is hidden as well I don't have
okay do you know how to
sing at
sing what about dancing you girls know
how to dance I'm just average you know n
your girls don't look average do you
guys have boyfriends are you single I'm
single but she has a boyfriend okay is
your a boyfriend Foreigner or Filipino a
Filipino but I am finding something
okay so I hope your boyfriend doesn't
hear this right yeah no I'm kidding I
know you girls are joking around I love
that Filipino seem to have a sense of
humor right you girls J on a lot okay
cool
thank all right thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thank you so
much look at that it's natural right
perfect actually let me take a picture
if you don't mind yeah that way I could
put you on like the thumbnail you know
you guys got top
spot ready okay hi what's your name hi
my name is my name is Jan how old are
you I'm 22 and what's your name my name
is Jean garent and I'm 23 years years
old very good and yourself hi I am
anamary George and I am 21 years old are
you girls in school right now I see
you're wearing uniform what are you
studying we're currently studying uh
certificate in computer technology have
you ever watch Miss Universe yes what do
you think of it um it's fantastic
why do you think Filipinos love the
competition the beauty pions do you
think there's a specific reason why do
they love it because as we know that
Philipino is a competitive person of
course there's a lot of um Talent
talented person yeah I thought you were
the shy
one I'm just kidding okay okay what's
your in first in the first
late at first you're shy but now you're
comfortable right uh what is your secret
Talent can you do something that singing
singing what kind of songs do you sing
um love songs the gener that I want is
like bad like B impressive what about
you what's your secret Talent um dancing
or singing dancing or singing okay
Filipinos lovees singing and dancing
right so and what about you what do you
love to do uh I love to do uh motorcycle
oh riding motorcycle yeah I love
motorcycle I just tried my first one
like a few months ago I don't know how
to ride it so maybe you could teach me
sure okay why not right so what about
have you ever taken part in a beauty
Pion I know some people attend a beauty
Pion have you
participated no not yet how about you
also not only competition of singing in
ource Oh you guys sing okay did you win
I didn't know that once okay okay I
didn't know that you didn't know that
see you're finding out about each other
because of me right so uh do you want to
sing us a song or something sing us just
something let me let let warm up your
throat yeah
we do the meeting
at she going to put on some music okay
song I'm proud of her I'm proud of her
she's Brave you know not everybody can
just go on camera and start singing so
good for you I'm shaking right now don't
worry it's a good shake it off right
that's it Shake It
Off remember those walls are
built baby they tbling down
they
didn't start again don't worry go
ahead ENT oh my God yeah for
entertainment I'm so nervous you got
this
unleash remember those walls I
built bab tbling down they didn't even
put up a fight it didn't even make the
sound I find a way to let you in but I
never really had the
Down Standing in the light of your hello
I got my angel
now that's wow claps for everybody
that's amazing honestly I was like I was
caught up in there I'm like hey this is
great I'm Shing no that was amazing good
for you you're really talented all right
well thank you girl so much addition to
the voice yeah you should you never know
somebody watching this like yo she's
pretty good they might contact you you
know you never know all right thank you
so much for your time I appreciate it
thank you bye bye hi what's your name
I'm Kitty and how old are you I'm 25
years of age and what are you doing
today here at the mall uh just going
around looking for um girls girls for
vlogging oh for vlogging I thought you
looking for a date I'm like all
right okay do you have a boyfriend
or oh
complicated complicated I think all
right have you ever dated a foreigner
yeah but we never been the relationship
long distance okay uh why is like Miss
Universe so important to Filipinos I
notic a lot of people care about that uh
what do you think of the Miss Universe
competition this Universe
competition I I don't know about that
you don't know about it do you ever
watch it on TV or something I watch it
but I don't know what's the main reason
reason yeah have you ever taken part in
a beauty patch competition did you
attend or participate in one participate
before yeah how was your experience tell
me oh it's it's hard it's not that to
easy when you're in a budget yeah like
especially when uh I and answer like
that okay like this right now right it's
difficult right okay what about like the
clothing or the dress or anything unique
tell me about the whole experience was
it difficult easy how did you feel it's
not the whole thing is that easy
especially the Gown like oh you need to
rent a that too it's a lot of work yeah
is it like a talent portion where you
have to play mus what's your talent um I
don't know acting or dancing like that
okay do you like sing or do Tik Tok or
something sometimes sometimes okay all
right thank you so much for your time
thank you hi what's your name s how old
are you 19 and what's your name Erica
how old are you I'm 18 and yourself um
AA and I'm 19 19 how do you girls know
each other um we're friends since like
high school okay very cool and what are
you doing these days are you working are
you studying what do you do studying and
you studying also I'm I'm also studying
studying okay and what are you studying
I see you guys some kind of medical
uniform on so yeah I am currently
studying Bachelor of Science in medical
technology very intelligent okay what
about yourself I'm science I'm studying
vs psychology okay and you um I'm
studying um
nursing and have you ever watched the
Miss Universe fashion yeah what do you
think of
it for me I haven't really watched the
full show but I saw the result on the
social media and also some of Clips on
the show and I don't know maybe I'm just
bias to their country yeah of course
there's always so many Filipinas in
there right and the winners are do you
think maybe that's why a lot of Pride
because you're past winners so that's
why you're interested in it maybe yeah
yeah yeah I think um it's also been part
of Philippines like yeah yeah it's been
uh we've been uh what do you call this
we've been um sending contestants and
constantly you know cheering for our own
yeah so I think I'm quite biased with
yeah so naturally right yeah so when I
heard that the Philippines didn't um
make it to the top five I was kind of
disappointed not to every contestant you
want to win right yeah somehow I thought
it's kind of biased also or you know we
call it l it's cooking like it's done
it's all made up kind of thing oh it's
like predetermined or kind of thing but
no hate to the winner though I she also
deserves it okay I'm very curious
because sometimes in Western countries
they think that the pageant the beauty
pageant is like uh maybe not right
anymore it's like womanizing women or
whatever what do you think about do you
think it's celebrating women's beauty or
do you think it should kind of stop
making Miss Universe
passions now it got serious yeah I know
no like do you get offended when you see
a Miss Universe contest or do you feel
happy that women are being
celebrated for me I'm actually happy how
yeah like they they are showcasing the
beauty of not like the typical like
physical Beauty but also like with the
brains and everything yeah of course
they ask some difficult questions on
there sometimes right now usually there
a part of a talent show do you have a
secret Talent what can you oh my God
she's good at singing actually singing
dancing singing dancing okay I what
about yourself what's your talent I'm
not I'm not really talented I guess I'm
just creative with stuff okay creative
that's talented cuz I I can't do
anything I get other people to make my
thumbnails or whatever so I could
appreciate that and what's your talent
oh I also love talented but I think I
can just do stuff but I'm really not
that good with like overall Superstar
basically so I'm just all over all good
a woman of all trades right okay
excellent thank you so much for your
time appreciate it hi what's your name
hi I'm colie how old are you
I'm he's
laughing that's okay she's she's having
a good time over there yeah she's
laughing yeah I'm 27 years old 27 are
you single are you married are you no
single okay have you ever had a
boyfriend before yes Foreigner or
Filipino uh both both is there a
difference between the two or
no a different okay different which do
you prefer do you have a preference yes
I prefer Foreigner yes so why do you
prefer foreigners foreigners um they are
uh I think they are more sweet yeah yeah
and caring loving and generous excellent
have you ever watch Miss Universe on TV
yes uh why do you think so many people
like Miss Universe in the Philippines I
think um most of
them I don't think so I think um they
like to watch it because like they they
want to know they the they want to to
see beautiful girls different different
girls in other
country I understand have you ever taken
part in a beauty passion before yeah
before but it was a long time ago I
think um I'm still I'm still um 20 on
that time okay did you win second runner
up okay yeah it's not bad right it's not
bad at all I would vote for you for sure
yes all right thank you for your time
thank you leave your comments down below
let me know what you think of their
answers I would love to hear from you if
anything surprised you I think the women
were very brave to go ahead and tell me
how they feel especially the ones that
went and sang and showed their talents
personally I don't think the Miss
Universe is offending anyone I mean I'm
not a woman so I don't know but when I
watch it I don't think of it in a
negative way I think it's a great way to
highlight some of the beauty around the
world and for people to represent the
country I also know that it comes with a
like a cash prize and notoriety as well
as to set you up for success in the
future if you are that winning person of
course you know Partnerships and ads and
all these different things that come
from it you know especially some of
these countries are developing so it's a
great way to go ahead and provide
yourself with a career in the future now
it's really really important to knowe as
well that I understand it come with some
like
um challenges and negative dark side of
the whole thing yeah I get all that for
sure but I think on a grand scale of
things and the overall idea to celebrate
women there's nothing wrong with that
because believe it or not women are not
equal around the world right so whenever
they have a stage to go ahead and
showcase their talent or get a prize or
go ahead and be part of something much
bigger than their own Community why not
so yeah leave your thoughts down below I
want to hear from you about the beauty
patch and stuff I know it's very famous
in the Philippines uh it's very popular
in the Philippines if you ever like
around here you'll see many pions
happening in the shopping malls outside
at events and if you're online dating
sometime you see like people always have
not always but a lot of people have like
um a profile picture of themselves
attending a pageant or winning a pageant
at some point so yeah that's going on in
the Philippines still I think a lot of
it has to do with the fact that the
Philippines has won several of these in
the past I think about four winners from
the Philippines that's a big fee imagine
how many countries around the world
participate and to be a four-time winner
it's a huge deal so congratulations to
Philippines of course some of the
world's most most beautiful women are
from the Philippines so why not go ahead
and celebrate it if you're a Filipino or
Filipina let me know why you think the
Philippines uh passion is so important
in the Philippines I would love to hear
from you if you found this video
informative entertaining or just want to
show some love hit that like button so
we can get this out to more people
subscribe to the channel if you're new
and share it I'll see you guys in the
next one bye don't worry I can edit this
part out the dead air take your time see
this is fun right nothing to we will
watch that of course I'm going to upload
you want to share it I upload every
video I make I never like if I do
interview it's going up just because I
don't like being biased you know I just
put up whatever people
say we'll check your YouTube time yeah
definely time to time so that we can
check if it's upload yeah it's going to
be uploaded probably to in two days this
one's going to be uploaded quickly ah
two days in two days it's too high no
it's okay it's
aella anything for like 5 10 seconds
nothing too crazy if you want I don't
want to pressure
just the corals don't sing all the songs
the only
hello hello hello hello
it's
I'm
excited
yeah
