finally here the music video goodbye
by 21 Park Bom
Dada can CL and there's so much has
happened like in the past two days with
this situation with 21 releasing like
minzy's Instagram post like saying it
was a shame that you have to find out
through the news like but this day you
know and then Park Bom releasing a part
of our diary you know we all kind of
want just thing to go easily like just
like you know smoothly but then it
really happens in life I feel like I
mean as I guess in general to be honest
I really am gonna miss them I mean
they're different
I'm forever blackjack obviously that's
the like the first like real like the
girl group that I really just odd me
like grab my attention just like took me
on this amazing musical ride my first
ever bias a very girl group so yeah okay
um I don't think I'm gonna do an intro
like you know whatever let's just let's
just start this let's just get into this
shall we 21 goodbye yeah it's never a
goodbye
let's go hey guys bring out the guitars
too
stuff our phone SEO looks good CL I do
it on a channel so let's Darla in the
background is 50 even though it is not
in the actual whistles you know it
actually music video or vocal right now
we just see CL that's part bomb right
there shadow give it all this up there
just showing your shadow what was that
what's all the teaser pictures like a
big projector - with a seal in front of
it Dada
[Music]
21:5 give us a goodbye song of course
not I that's a picture that Island dog
posted an ID right then obviously just
our under it and that's a tour and then
park mommy mommy come up the shadows oh
there I see your face it's you girl so
it's like fear ruin cheat when they
popped out like s4 and I think it was
the mom award freaking epic I feel like
they always have one of the best life
stages well BJ I'm just being vibes
right now but it's true play the goodbye
now
[Music]
so beautiful though even though it's
like a goodbye song it's like a freakin
with a guitar in the background hey girl
[Music]
projecting like the past healed boys
yeah yeah let me show her
[Music]
the guitar dude that's uh um oh my god
that uh Liz's seals in the bed
Oh Park Bom and da da Lang mixer that's
it's sad that goodbye ah yeah it's
really nice to see Park Bom again
obviously you know you would love to see
21 as a 4 but yeah Yuri no situation and
it still had a freaking 21 vibe I mean
obviously the 21 so if it should have a
21 vibe but I just had that you know
when you when you impact like the world
with your music that you have your own
kind of style like Nicki no downtime I'm
oh it was beautiful it was a beautiful
song it was definitely a beautiful song
but it's just very sad to see them say
goodbye it's lovely to see Park Bom it's
loved I love talk bombs for eating corn
it's always nice to see Daraa
of course CL another thing is that I
don't know what's going to happen next I
mean obviously there's no 21 anymore but
you know I know see how it's going to
continue doing our solo stuff I think
there to support that hell yeah I want
to see what daughter does whether she's
gonna go into acting or she's starting
to do some soul as well - and Park Bom
I mean I don't know if she's with yg
anymore I think she's not I'm just
curious to see what would happen it's
never really a goodbye the music already
speaks how much of her impact you made
in this world this kpop in crazy world
and yet now you guys for watching and 21
forever 21 might be gone but the music
lasts forever that's how I think they
left a mark obviously wish you rather
them just continue on but yeah I I
talked enough all right thank you guys
for watching
so I'm watching it again when I was
about to edit and I realized
caption and lyrics obviously and
captures the subtitles of the layers of
the song it just adds a beautiful song
at the same time my ad I'm going to
share that without before like you know
ending the video goodbye
[Music]
