hello hello we don't go out in the
evening I didn't want to think about
that it's just everywhere you go to you
have to be obviously a bit cautious hi
what's your name hi I'm Julia and what's
your luia and where your girls from from
Spain from Spain oh Barcelona or
M I'm a big Barcelona fan myself okay
what brings you down here to the
Philippines why are you here uh yeah we
are on holidays okay so yeah we just
think why not yeah why
let's go Philippines is this your first
time to the Philippines yeah okay how
long have you been here for two weeks
yeah almost two weeks okay so two weeks
where have you visited in two weeks so
we first started in bakai it was raining
a lot yeah and then we
went
okay
everything and last s are you going back
to Spain sometime soon or yeah tomorrow
we're leaving we're leaving today to
Manila and then tomorrow
okay home back home nice and how was
your experience what did you like the
most about the
Philippines I don't really know okay
maybe B was was really cool mhm yeah B
was really cool as well
they yeah The Vibes yeah The Vibes the
beaches everything Vibes definitely we
love Island Vibes any dislike something
that could be improved or you didn't
like
um I didn't really know I don't know
maybe when when you're
walking um in the street the people look
at you a lot yeah and it's like like we
are like us we're a celebrity right over
here hello hello yeah everybody like
hello hello maybe they want to know
where you're from or what you doing here
okay did you get a chance to uh maybe
talk to some Filipino people make
friends here yeah yeah yeah the people
is amazing super
kind nice yeah yeah now I'm asking
people specifically women in the
Philippines did you do you feel safe
traveling in the Philippines is it safe
for female Travelers curious yeah yeah I
think so it's just it just is that when
you are walking in the street or like
when you enter in some local place
everyone is looking at you because I
don't know maybe it's strange for them
to see us I don't know but they yeah but
they're really nice they yeah yeah but
you had no experience of like scams or
someone tried to hurt you or nothing
specific like that right nothing that no
no nothing maybe scams
but a little bit and then they they
lower the price yeah but always with
always with with smiles no yeah yeah
yeah they scam you with a smile I guess
and it was like it was like oh okay come
on come on okay got it I know now what
do you girls do back home are you in
school are you working I'm working I did
business administration okay very nice
yeah I'm just finishing my degree
and this year I'm started to work are
you looking forward to working or do you
want to travel forever I don't know no I
want travel forever we don't want to go
home now yeah but you have to pay the
travels with something you know I guess
that's why I'm making these videos right
if you work like the the holidays are
more you appreciate it more I think so
yeah it's yours yeah for sure I don't
know okay thank you so much for your
time I appreciate it thank you thank you
if you want to know how those girls are
able to to travel and how I've been
traveling full-time for the past 3 years
living my life to the fullest following
my dreams following my passion seeing
all the beautiful places around the
world I've created our online community
completely free to sign up join the
waight list now where you have access to
myself and a private setting where we
have access to a private community of
like-minded people sharing their
thoughts experiences about traveling and
where I share tutorial videos on how you
can live work and even retire abroad so
check out living abro club.com the link
is down below uh hi what's your name
hello my name is
where are you from from Barcelona what
brings you down here to the Philippines
I'm living in mapasa in one island of
the north of suu I'm doing diving
instructor there how long have you been
there I was two months doing my Dive
Master and now I was one month traveling
around Philippines and now I come back
to malap Pas for the instructor cars I
understand and tell me about your
experience in the Philippines how has it
been so far H it's amazing I just like
this country for because I really love
Filipinos Filipino style Filipino life
all it's amazing people is so nice with
us and I'm living here so I'm any
dislikes something that could be better
maybe I don't like vegetables so for me
the meat it's so good to watch usually
it's the other way around people say oh
I'm a vegetarian there's no meat but for
you that's for for me Philippine very
good with Leon to and tell me about
safety in the Philippines how safe is is
it for solo female travelers to come to
the Philippines I feel pretty safe in
mapas for example it's a small island
but here too I I can go alone in the
night and I'm safe I don't have any bad
experience that's great when do you plan
to go back have you plan to go back to
Spain or you think you're going to be
here I didn't want to think about that
that's a great answer and how about
friends have you made any Filipino
friends or yes I have Filipino friends
there in in B with my home and and
traveling I have met a lot of people but
not like FS because we we don't have a
lot of time but what do you think of the
weather H for me I hate CL so I it's my
country I can say it h what about
relationship are you single are you
married what's going on there I single
okay have you had a chance to date any
Filipino guys no okay not yet not yet
okay will you be open to meeting some
Filipino men
here I don't think so but who knows who
knows right we'll see thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it thank you
hi what's your name IIA and what's your
name p and where are your girls from uh
Germany and yourself also Germany also
Germany okay are your girls sisters
friends how and what are you doing here
in the Philippines a vacation okay
making a v trip nice how long have you
been
here uh one week okay so tell me so far
in one week what do you like the most
about the Philippines um the beach
uh which beach have you visited so far
the white sand beach bakai oh very nice
I've never never been to bakai but I
here is beautiful and how long do you
plan to stay um till the 5th of July 5th
of July okay anything you don't like so
far something that can be better
maybe uh the houses of the people are
very um new to us
yeah yeah I understand I'm curious would
you say it's safe for females to travel
in the Philippines I don't know um we
don't go out in the evening and we get
here by taxi so we want to get safe but
for your experience is fine so far from
what you've experience yes we went with
BS and ferry to bakai and it was okay
okay excellent thank you so much for
your time I appreciate thank you hi
what's your name hi my name is Emily and
where are you from I'm from Singapore
but I'm originally from Germany oh very
interesting I recently spent only a few
days in Singapore beautiful place yeah
you like it okay yeah what brings you
down here to the Philippines I have two
weeks vacation I like to travel Asia and
I've heard only good things about the
Philippines yeah so I've come out to
check it out for myself are you here by
yourself with friends family I'm here
with my boyfriend and tell me a little
bit of traveling to the Philippines what
are some things you like about this
place so far I do like the beach it is
very clear the water is so nice the
people are very friendly I enjoy the
food as well so just everything in
general it's a very relaxed environment
yeah so we're in B right now um how many
more days you have left on your trip
here in B I have six days left but then
I'm going to go to ELO cuz I've heard a
lot of good things about that too tell
me some things about back home you said
you only have two weeks are you working
are you a student what do you do I'm a
student in Singapore so I have two weeks
off um from Singapore to here it's only
4 hours flight so it's the perfect
location to come for two weeks so have
you talking to any Filipino people what
do you think of them I've been talking
to them they're very nice very open very
we can talk with them just overall very
nice people in my opinion definitely I
think so too a lot of likes any dislikes
about the Philippines something that
could be improved yes the transport
right the transport is very hectic um I
guess a lot of people want like want to
take me on the Tuk Tok yeah yeah um it's
a lot of obviously people trying to sell
like their to like trying to sell their
service yes which I get but like
obviously it's a bit annoying when from
left to right but overall nothing really
definitely and I see you by yourself
right now any trouble being a female in
Philippines safety concerns or do you
think people are generally okay yes but
that's everywhere I go to actually but
if you stay in a very also touristy area
I think it's very different than a area
where it's just not like no tourist and
more like yeah just common sense yeah
it's just everywhere you go to you have
to be obviously a bit cautious but also
don't have like don't have the mindset
oh if I go there alone then something
happen to me just be very open and see
how the people are but overall people
are very very nice and just very
friendly excellent thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thank you
leave your comments down below let me
know what you think of those people's
experiences of course traveling as a man
is a little bit more safer than a female
however I'll be honest personally have
not experienced any danger in the
Philippines of course you still have to
be very careful whenever you travel in
any country for pick pocketers or some
you know of course bad apples or
whatever but yeah share your experiences
down below let me know if you've been to
the Philippines if you had any like bad
experiences traveling with safety and
all that I would love to hear about it
and that's all I got to say guys if
you're new to the channel subscribe to
the channel hit that like button share
this video with someone that might also
enjoy it and I'll see you guys in the
next one
bye
