[Music]
foreign
[Music]
you might notice a slight change of
scenery around us we're no longer in
Australia we don't live in a van anymore
we're now on a boat I guess so we're in
the Philippines now and we have booked a
private tour and we're in Quran and this
tour is going to take us to some
incredible places yeah that we've hand
selected and got a couple of suggestions
from the guide for as well it's a tool
it was recommended to us and we're super
excited to get going yeah we can't wait
we'll take you with us all day today and
show you all the most amazing spots
around Quran
[Music]
thank you foreign
here the water is a warm water you can
go to the 50 meters or 10 or 15 meters
the water is up for 38 to 45 degrees
warm water but only also only for like a
slice and store guide a license free
diving in license scuba diving only nice
[Music]
you ready for twin Lagoon let's go let's
go
we are at our second location of the day
and you might recognize it we're at Twin
Lagoon it is
insane this water is beautiful
on the bottom yeah it is pretty actually
I'm doing the usual bit of getting us
around
Matt's doing his beer he's pulling his
weight over here uh Matt is Chief
paddler and yeah we're gonna have a
little puddle around it's just I don't
want to leave it's so beautiful
inside but wait until you see it from
the sky
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
that was full on
expectation versus reality and it's
Finance
oh it's so busy now
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
a little pineapple in Paradise
[Music]
we're back in the kayak and I'm back to
living a living living the life of a
lady of leisure
that is a big tongue twister and we are
at cyc Beach and we're just waiting for
some of the boats to head off to a
different Beach for lunch so we can have
the beach to ourselves but we've come
for a little kayak around the little
Beach Island and it's so beautiful we're
the only ones out here
[Music]
where are we going oh my God you're
doing backflip
[Music]
yeah
how is that
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
[Music]
Christmas
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
that concludes our incredible day out
with amazing dream Halls
a good day with Gilbert and the team
awesome so good yeah that was the best
day and we've explored all around
Palawan all around Quran and all the
places that we wanted to see yeah this
Rivals some of the best places we've
been yeah the water the scenic views
it's just everything's just unbelievable
we booked a private tour with these guys
and it's the best way to do it it's a
custom fitted experience you get to
choose where you want to go yeah
literally TaylorMade for you all you do
is pick the places and they decide the
best time to go so that you've got the
best chance of having as few people
there as possible yeah which is perfect
it doesn't work every time but it at
least Works enough of the time that we
had some amazing experiences there with
very few or little little to no people
at times so yeah we just had the best
day we're gonna end this Vlog the with
the phrase that we've been saying all
day what a day just what a day
if you enjoyed this video please hit
that like And subscribe button
next week we're leaving Corona and
heading to El Nido on a three-day
Expedition join us as we go island
hopping on the most beautiful remote
Islands sleeping bamboo huts and visit
secluded beaches
see you next week
