have you been dating any Filipinos here
or no okay my wife's Filipino so what do
you like the most about this country any
dislikes something that can be better
maybe what's it like working with
Filipinos I'm curious what is your
advice for someone that wants to come
here
hi what's your name Dino and where are
you from I'm from the UK London London
do you support any football clubs and
what brings you down here to the
Philippines
um I've been coming here on and off for
the past 15 years we currently live in
Bohol my wife and two kids okay also
from the UK wanted a change of the UK so
we decided to move out here to try
something different the only property
here what do you mean we have business
in your case the online businesses we
also have a few businesses in behold as
well so we've had them for um some time
now the business in the UK so we're able
to
still live here yeah and um
that's amazing what's it like owning a
business and behold in the Philippines I
know a lot of people are considering it
but it's not easy I assume
um it's only a dessert bars we have but
we have four of them at the moment
um is this okay it's doing well we have
one at the beach now which is very
popular yeah
um extremely busy but yeah it's not easy
okay my wife's Filipino so it's easier
for her yes I guess that helps a lot
right it definitely helps a lot I said
what's it like being married to a
Filipina you know I get mixed reviews so
what's your experience like my wife was
um is from the UK she was born in the UK
I see so she was brought up in the UK so
it's slightly different than you get
Best of Both Worlds I guess right so yes
that's amazing what do you like the most
about the Philippines because I
obviously you keep coming back I love
the people the food just just living in
in a place like in England is very
congested yeah very expensive and sort
of cheaper for us as well definitely a
lot better for me here being being here
in the Philippines okay a lot cheaper my
money goes a lot further as well so sure
I think that's why a lot of us are
coming down here from the West right
definitely definitely a big thing yeah
that is man it's a lot cheaper for us
here all right anything interesting
happen living here for so long anything
exciting something that's you know
unexpected something interesting people
might want to hear no lock the thing off
oh no wow anyway yeah yeah I hear it I
hear you well I'm off to Thailand
tomorrow because it's my wife's birthday
and 25 years they gave us we're going to
Thailand tomorrow for a week you don't
look that old man 25 years I'm like I
thought you were 20s to be honest so and
it would be back back again but yeah I
mean we do we love the Philippines yeah
I'm not planning to move back to the UK
I did go back last year in August and I
just remembered how expensive it is when
I got it and I think this is definitely
better for me yeah I feel the same I
went back to Toronto like in October
it's like six months and seven months
ago and I couldn't wait to leave again
so I'm like yeah I gotta get out of here
but I just wanted to get out of it I
wanted to get back here and just be just
be here man I said what have you been to
boho yet I have it's beautiful I spent a
full day there and you know we did the
whole like everything from five years to
the hills yeah exactly so it was a
little cooler Island I like it is it
beautiful
is really really nice very chill the
people that are extremely friendly
That's What attracted me to that place
extremely friendly to someone like me as
well yeah super super friendly have you
been to Thailand before I have I've been
a few times
um who's actually planning to move to
Thailand originally that was our
original plan yeah because my wife's
from the Philippines and I speak English
here before they definitely a better
choice for us from new Fair instead of
Thailand yeah now lastly one piece of
advice for anyone that's never been here
what would you tell them if they've
never come to the Philippines before
it's the first time what advice do you
have for them
um
thanks man just just be be safe
depending on where you are where you go
to I mean we interview at the moment
yeah it's a lot different than Ireland
with I live in okay be safe here just be
safe here but um the people are very
friendly and don't get drunk and act
crazy like we do yeah don't be a common
foreign
let's take a second to thank today's
sponsor the T1 mini traveling device
from fluent talk now I love this device
because it's very easy to use and you
know traveling around different places
recently like Taiwan Vietnam and
Indonesia I realize the importance of
communication now with this device you
don't even need the Internet so come
with one year of free data as well as
very easy to start just one button and
recognize your language immediately
right you can have a conversation with
somebody by just holding this button
letting it go and allowing the device to
speak so let me show you what I mean
especially if you go on a date you know
it could be a little bit awkward if
there's a language barrier but not if
you have this device here's an example
hello how are you
foreign
hi I'm fine
how are you
I'm great thank you I like your dress
knee
thank you
I look cute today
yes you look very cute are you hungry
I was so hungry I thought I could eat a
whole Buffalo
wow a whole Buffalo well I must say I'm
hungry too let's go get something to eat
all right but before we go I want to ask
if you like to eat what food
let's eat some Thai food what do you
think
foreign
[Music]
do you know anything about Thai food
no but maybe you can teach me
there you go so as you can see it's very
easy to use the device with a simple
press of a button and it can translate
between two languages simultaneously so
you don't have to keep going back and
forth and switching the languages which
I really like about this another great
thing about it is a photo feature you
can take a picture of something or
simply hover over a language that you
don't know let's say you're shopping for
something you want to know what it is
the ingredients you can simply use it
take a photo and I'll translate for you
automatically now highly recommend this
device because as I mentioned previously
it comes with one year of free data so
if you're not connected to Wi-Fi there's
downloadable language packages you can
go ahead and use this to communicate
with all your needs when traveling
abroad so I highly recommend it if you
want to get your own personalized T1
mini series check out the link in the
description down below to get a special
promotion right now let's get back to
interviews hi what's your name my name
is Emma and yours this and what's your
name uh where are you guys from
all of you from Belgium yeah okay so
what brings you down here to the
Philippines
um me and Maxine are doing a medical
internship in Baguio wow which is a city
up in the north five hours from Manila
is that the place where it's apparently
cooler right yeah yes I gotta go there
summer capital okay cool and what about
yourself what brings you down here it's
my girlfriend and I'm visiting her oh
that's so sweet of him right and uh how
long have you been here to the
Philippines uh for already two and a
half weeks
in my last three days now
and why in Cebu are you guys doing some
of the touristy stuff what are you doing
in Cebu
it's actually
in a place where we are to take the
airplane back to Manila yeah we went to
malapasco before it's very nice I've
been there it's beautiful right okay did
you get a chance to swim with the
fresher sharks yes I didn't do it but
I'm gonna live through you okay so tell
me what do you like the most about the
Philippines the people and the nature
it's a beautiful country every 100 and
what about yourself what do you like the
most the islands
I think I
think that the Philippine people are
really really sweet for sure any dislike
something that can be better maybe
they just maybe the food is sometimes a
little bit different a little bit fried
foods uh what about you any dislikes
about the Philippines for yourself I
actually want want to eat Filipino food
every day okay so you like it think of
it
maybe because you're newer right you
want to try all this stuff I really like
it but there's a lot of rice every day
just skip the rice let's eat all the
meats right okay and what about you
something that could be better maybe in
the Philippines
yeah they say rice is life over here
yes they say it's Filipino power
how are you guys managing the heat it's
so hot right I think we're actually used
to it already what is your advice for
someone that wants to come here
um I think they just need to go with the
flow don't let everything before just
see where you can go arrive at the
hospital most of the time there's Place
commonly low season I guess a rainy
season yeah the rain doesn't really
bother us yeah there's simply or
discounts
oh and do you have any tips for someone
that wants to travel for vacation
[Music]
I would maybe recommend to not stay in
Manila for sure maybe also avoid like
the big cities and just go to the island
I love your Island kind of guy right I
could tell you guys okay cool and what
about yourself one advice for someone
coming to the Philippines
oh just enjoy it just enjoy it right and
accept that they are not the best at
communicating okay sometimes they lack
communication yeah I understand okay but
it's really the best place to go so yeah
I agree that's why I'm here yeah that's
where you guys are here thank you so
much for your time I appreciate it thank
you
hi what's your name my name is Jamal and
where are you from I'm from Yemen uh but
I born in Saudi Arabia I raised there
I've been all my life in Saudi Arabia
I've never been to Yemen okay so you're
International man you're in the
Philippines what brings you down here
why are you here I came here first to
study English I have improved my English
a little bit then I enrolled with
college
I have graduated uh January 2023 oh
congratulations yeah thank you now I
started working as a marketing manager
uh handling the marketing at the art of
Market that's why they call me the
Arabian management okay got it now tell
me is that like a Filipino company do
you work in the Philippines actually the
founder is Japanese and he has a partner
Chinese partner
um yeah okay so English school the
office is here is it online oh okay okay
what's it like working with Filipinos
I'm curious what's their work lights
there
um we I work with most of them are um
like uh we are from different
nationalities uh I have like uh yeah the
HR the accounting they are all Filipinos
um they're cool people I'm sorry
excellent so what do you like the most
about your time in the Philippines what
do you like the most
uh
uh everything is nice I mean everything
is nice actually life is simple here
um compared to other countries uh let's
say cheaper yeah uh the life cost
um the people are really welcoming yeah
that's it any dislike something that can
be better maybe
[Music]
let's say the food a little bit because
I I used to eat like Middle Eastern food
because I'm from there and when I came
here uh since I came here until now I
have some difficulty okay food but it's
okay for you what's your biggest advice
for someone trying to come and live in
the Philippines uh biggest advice
um
if someone wants to come here and
um
reside here
um
it's better to be having business not to
be uh employed here I see it's good
because
um yeah because we know that salaries
here are a little bit low
but it's good if you have business you
can expand your business uh you gotta
live good life here okay do you have a
girlfriend no I put you at a spot okay
soon maybe soon okay have you been
dating any Filipinos here or no
um no no okay thank you so much for your
time I appreciate welcome hi what's your
name my name is
uh where are you from Kenya uh what
brings you down here to the Philippines
what am I doing yeah uh basically
studying okay yeah what are you studying
uh right now I'm taking my masters in
nursing what's it like going to school
in the Philippines though it's fun it's
nice to get the experience of meeting
new people yeah and what do you like the
most about this country
[Music]
any dislikes maybe something that you
don't like about the Philippines
something I don't like yeah I don't know
any advice for someone that wants to
come to the Philippines that's never
been here before
also like
research more about it before you come
okay do your homework I guess yeah okay
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it thank you hi what's your
name Amar uh what's your name my name is
Mohammed and what's your name my name is
Ali where are you from I am from Oman uh
where are you from I'm from yeah man uh
where are you from yeah very good and
what are you guys doing here why are you
in the Philippines uh actually I'm here
to study a master's degree in the
industry okay and why are you here sir
for me I want to I just study English
very good and why are you here uh I want
to study here English islets what do you
like the most about the Philippines
actually the people here are very kind
and friendly yeah the weather is very
very good yeah
some days cloudy yes but
there is no more rain here okay that's
great that's good the weather the people
everything very good and what do you
like for me I think the people yeah it's
very friendly and then
I think the activity here yeah it's a
very good price I see like that you're
right you can do a lot at the beach many
islands right okay and what do you like
I also same my friend tell me if you can
give advice to your friends that haven't
been to Philippines what advice do you
tell them before they come here what
should they do
um
actually if I want to give advice for my
friends
that want to study here in Philippine
for example uh to verification their
certificate in the country they live
from the Philippine consulate or for the
Philippine embassies because this is the
most problem that I I had here okay so
this is the most
very important uh advice that I can give
them that's great advice so to be sure
all your paperwork all your documents
are in check before I come in thank you
guys so much for your time I appreciate
thank you very much thank you thank you
so much nice happy to see you you as
well thank you so much leave your
comments down below let me know what you
think of anyone's advice for the
Philippines leave your advice I would
love to know what you have to tell us if
you've never been to the Philippines if
you're local or Foreigner if you take
time to write it I take time to respond
before I tell you my personal advice if
you enjoyed this video please hit that
like button subscribe to this channel if
you're new consider sharing it to a
friend that might find it helpful or
join Channel memberships for exclusive
content
anyway so my personal advice first of
all I know videos like this could leave
an impression on your mind of what to
expect when you're coming here right uh
whether it's myself saying something
other interviews whatever you watch so
you have this idea in your head but my
advice is to leave all that out the door
these are just some people's personal
opinions personal experiences it's gonna
be different for you when you come here
so come here with an open mind be open
to accepting different culture different
way of doing things so it's going to
make a journey and living here a lot
easier also be prepared for the Heat and
the humidity carry your napkin like this
bring an umbrella bring water you don't
want to have a heat stroke or something
out here in the Philippines and uh let
me see what else I can tell you guys
that's basically it I'll see you guys in
the next video bye
laughs
[Music]
