Hey buddies its ya girl AyChristene and I've
got a little request to check out more
Dominic's this is last names this was
something that you guys suggested that I
check out the link for this video is in
the description box below for you to
check out and I mean I love the last
video we saw when you telling us a story
about like that late night trip to the
restaurant the name of the restaurant
but the characters of the people that
were there and like mainly that one girl
was just super creepy that wanted the
ride and then he pretended to speak
another Asian language but he has one
language he could speak that she
probably didn't know but that was funny
this is black babes I'm excited to see
what he's got in store it link is in the
description box I've complained about
people misspelling and mispronouncing my
name in the past that was nothing
compared to the endeavours of people
trying to pronounce my last cuz I was
thinking it was like Dominic I Dominique
is it so put that house is this his real
name Dominic because it's just as
Dominic's counter at comics Atomics no
justice dumbest overlay comics Tommy
it's common I think I've had that moment
nonetheless is a Dominique or Dominic
cuz I thought it was Dominic aim in the
past but I was nothing compared to the
endeavours of people trying to pronounce
my last name having a Filipino surname
has admittingly been an issue for me
growing up in North America heck even
I've misspelled my name sometimes now a
lot of you are probably thinking
Filipino names aren't difficult how dare
you undressed that's probably because
the aunt Filipinos you've met are the
ones with Spanish surnames like Santos
or Cheerios or Mendoza Philippines
that's his last name that's his last
name a lot of people don't realize that
there is a moment that the Philippines
were occupied by free art by Spain so
even if you've heard some people speak
Tagalog you'll hear some Spanish words
in there and it's cold is my aunts
Filipino and I've heard her talk with
their friends
and I was like someone what she said was
in Spanish I was like what language is
this but it's a Golic yeah so
Philippines was occupied by Spain and
that influenced their language and I
think their religion too but if this is
his last name it didn't trickle down his
line it trickled on to his line it as
Filipino last name
Bonni Bonni oh wow there's a lot except
father
anyway I will probably for people like
just adding him okay and he's like don't
even try to send me a better friend
request there's a lot of Dominic Pongo
mmm girl now but as a kid I couldn't
help but feeling or some people had
trouble actually my last name I was the
immigrant I didn't stop to think man
these people are stupid because they
can't read my foreign name I just
accepted that I was different
whatever it was a new school year or we
had a substitute teacher and they had to
do a phone call and it was started to
fax they've said my first name to save
them the trouble of struggling with my
last last name yeah I was always the
only Dominic in my class Dominic beer
pub I'm here how do you pronounce that
you nailed it no really how do you
pronounce it can you just start class
please I mean I tried my best to teach
it to those who were genuinely
interested and I got a respectful but I
wasn't offended if you said it wrong and
over time I found it to be troublesome
and eventually just told what's that one
time the judge for my speeding ticket
called me Punja Bob punjah Bob the mess
up at the mess up of the judge I was
kind of like okay but the fact that he
did a spongebob picture with his head
I was like okay I like what he did I
like what Dominic did now the judge said
but what Dominic did that was pretty
funny just include spongebob in that
that's glitcher I envy some of you
people with your low syllable count
lashes Koreans I'm looking at you with
your Kim's and Parks and Lee's and
others have surnames that work as first
names like Davis or Rose or Robert and
how did that happen and then you have us
Emmet's know with ten twisters as last
name names cut kadesha die you rot and
our children cannot and I porn porn
matsuri stops damn one but we debated
thing for me as a kid all of my
Vietnamese friends named Lillian and to
this day I'm still not rien are you Jen
or Chinook nuggets y'all know that and
it's not simply like some people have
simplified it to be say when actually
it's pronounced moon all I know is you
know that punching bag thing at the back
of your mouth yeah Moin apparently
that's the southern Vietnamese way and
the Northern Wei is moon anyway I'm not
an expert and that's my best attempt I
am sorry my Vietnamese audience I'm
sorry my favorite last name is this
because it's so deceiving it's literally
two letters and yeah I have a freaking
vowel how do you say it it's not no good
uncle saying but apparently that's wrong
that's my friend and she said it's
pronounced are you ready for this wait
and then she was gonna say it it's rude
why would they do that that's confused
a.m. it should be pronounced nut when I
eat that good cassava cake you know mmm
that's good
you know what was always a challenge
when my friends came over and didn't
know how to address my parents Oh
because when you're a kid you call your
friend's parents by their first right
no you guys mr. or mrs. whatever your
friend's last name is yes what a
beautiful home you have mrs. Kim thank
you for dinner mr. Wilson don't upload
that video mr. Paul but for my friends
it was more like hi mr. people have been
taking about the situation of the
fighting they're like light subtle or
not so little but funny you're Paul but
for my friends it was more like hi mr. P
how are you and I get it toriel on how
to pronounce my last name all right
first off it's four syllables for so
don't go overboard and say pas
nanananananana batman the common rookie
mistake is to print up G and good and a
ban it's not again either so it's not
punana ban you have to continue the nerd
sound like in singer and Donner is it
the a sound is neither long nor short
all right it's not paying or paying I
can people say Mary oh no it's Mario
okay why was the lies cries because it's
Miriam ha ha
and honey bun like a little Filipino
except Claire and you get up a on the
knee but even I don't hear that I did it
most likely not I can't human my firm
because this is a video is the least of
your worries when you got people with
names like this yeah that's how you
pronounce my last name which by the way
you're not even kidding the baseboard
bongani but means risk or danger means
foolish Dominic foolish danger has a
nice ring to it I want to choke trying
to correctly pronounce my last name I
mean I guess you could call me mr. Devon
G Bob
that was my mess up that the judge
called him that I've had situations
where people had difficulty spelling
you know either saying I've been my
first or my middle name
my people have had issues just saying it
and I mean it you get me again I get
like when they're close it's not so bad
it does kind of like that's not my name
but when they're close it's not that bad
it's when people make a whole new name
and my name ain't that hard so when
people make like a whole new name like a
brand new name using some letters from
my name I'm like you ain't even trying
breath we can't have this conversation
we can't but I had a friend his name was
chadwick and it's a unique name isn't it
if people for some reason couldn't say
Chadwick they was home chat and he was
straight up saying that is not my name I
will not talk to you until you learn my
name
and he walk away and I play that's not a
thing
you know the chat is not a name some
people are more particular I mean I
would still carry on a conversation
unless they made up the whole branding
fee that's different but you let me know
about you guys is it hard for anybody to
say your name or it's like Katya
pronounce any of your names if anyone
had difficulty let me know your storage
down below in the comment section if you
liked that video check out the link in
the description box below and support
Adamic I think that was a great video
and it was a lot to learn learn to
pronounce people's names you like this
video and I like button don't forget to
subscribe and follow me on instagram
twitter and twitch i love you guys as
always and i'm till next time booze
