you need to suck it
[Laughter]
hi guys it's me a coffee ali and welcome
back to a coffee eat today i'll be
trying filipino christine first i'll be
trying the national dish second i'll be
trying the acquired taste and lastly
it's a surprise today i'll be talking to
godfrey and he better have the answers
for me about the three dishes that i'll
be trying today so what is the first
dish so the first dish i'm going to be
showing you today is called
okay which is a staple filipino dish
which is a oxtail peanut stew which we
enjoy with our family the second dish is
an acquired taste dish which is called
balut and that's a duck embryo excuse me
are you serious no what is that a duck
that is a couple days into its
development we stop it growing and then
we eat it i can't eat ducks so that for
me is haram guys
what is number three the third one is a
surprise okay a surprise but all i can
tell you is that it's another national
dish okay and it's something that we mix
mix i can't wait to try my first dish
[Music]
oh my guys the smell of this i am so
excited to try my mouth is really watery
like i'm not lying to you guys i'm not
making it up like you're gonna like it's
worth it guys
somebody else from looking at you feel
safe like food makes me feel safe and
especially like this smell it feels like
a mom has cooked and it feels like you
are back home and you feel like you're
connected to the culture and i can't
wait to try this okay let's start i'm so
excited guys oh
okay oh my god guys the smell is so
amazing here we go
[Music]
oh my god my eyes are rolling minecraft
filipinos i'm going for you i've never
had this shout out to karakoram it's got
nuts
i can feel the knots i love a bit of
knots no
i'm lucky if i don't chew the plate if
this what you know philippine has to
offer please give me a visa give me a
passport i want to live there i want to
i'm deaf you can literally taste the
culture and if you know what i mean you
know what i mean and i would definitely
rate this
100 right now and i'm not making things
up like i'm sorry you can't make things
up you know i mean facts are facts
proven i want to know what is next and
i'm ready for it
[Music]
okay guys so for the second one that
i'll be trying is balut and just looking
at it oh my god i'm already stressed out
i can't be able to do this nothing
against it shout out to my people i love
you guys
i love you guys but this is why i need
sappy and godfrey to come in and eat
this godfrey i need i need answers oh
i'll cover it so this is balot which is
a double embryo a duck what embryo okay
this is an acquired taste obviously a
cafe but okay you know people love it or
they hate it this is so stressful
you wait till you see the inside of it
this is my first time experiencing this
so like what do you do so the way we
would do it first is crack the top so
you want to do it kind of nicely so you
can peel it you can see the juices
coming out oh my god guys
oh what is going on
you know so it's a bit like a chicken
broth in a way so you want to season it
with a bit of salt what does the inside
look like i'm going to continue peeling
the egg now oh my god you can tell i've
not done this in a long time godfrey oh
my god
so this is halfway done oh my god guys
[Applause]
is the inside here you go cheers
yes i go you the great thing about this
is there's different textures throughout
so depending on which one you like
you might end up eating the whole thing
it's quite earthy flavor but with a
savory and meaty flavor of like chicken
ish you can eat all of it but it depends
on what fits you
how are you feeling i'm feeling good you
know no honestly how are you feeling
fine
sepi is your turn to come and try it so
now you need to try it you need to have
a buyer you ready yeah
[Music]
how the hell did you do it
oh oh my gosh
oh it does smell like chicken soup
though
chicken soup yeah what are you talking
about
i swear of course okay so you need to
suck it
out a bit salt okay try a bit of salt
mmm
you like it that's actually really good
what are you tasting what are you
feeling it smells like chicken soup and
it actually tastes like chicken soup i'm
just nervous about the middle bit not
gonna lie yeah i've never seen an egg
like this so i'm eating this is why i'm
shocked i'm lost for words i can't
comprehend it are you ready to take a
bite i support you i really do support
you be fearless go for it have your
first bite i'm gonna add some salt to
this as well
cheers
okay oh oh what are you feeling it just
tastes like egg yolk oh
the salt definitely helps so like it
offsets that it makes it feel a bit more
like a meal so if you don't add salt
what would you be tasting is would it be
like plain the salt accentuates the
flavor right but without the salt i feel
like it would just be a bit of a shock
to the system whatever that means
technically you can't rate it right i
can't rate it but i would give it
a zero
only okay
hear me out here guys hit me up and the
reason i say zero is it's intimidating
what would you rate it be honest for
real for real i actually enjoyed the
taste and i didn't think i would enjoy
the taste we could say 3.5 but i'm
saying four because i actually enjoyed
the taste before if i didn't eat it i
probably would have ranked it at zero
but i ate it and i've given it a four so
you should definitely try it i'm ready
to go into my final dish because this i
had to skip the surprise please please
please be good if you're not good
[Music]
be good i'm counting on the surprise
[Music]
[Applause]
guys i'm
oh i'm shocked this is the best surprise
ever and the amount of things that went
into making this a lot of beautiful
flavors different things went into
making this i've never tasted it but
just presentation wise this is a hundred
i haven't even tasted it i haven't
tasted it this is 100.
look at the colors we're talking about
colors let's dig in here we go here we
go
guys i'm feeling
i'm getting emotional
[Music]
oh
[Music]
let me try everything inside
[Music]
why have i not had this all my life
i'm upset now the ice cream is so
beautiful the evaporate milk literally
complements the flavors the textures of
it all this is why you need to be out
there trying different cultural food
this is a hundred out of five a coffee
make sure this one i like the airport is
really waiting for me this was the best
surprise
today i want to give a massive thank you
to mama son you will see me more i love
your culture i do
[Music]
the experience was great i feel like i'm
at home so
yes i loved it i loved it i loved it the
national dish was definitely my favorite
as well as the surprise i definitely
want to go and explore more filipino
food and the culture i don't want to
limit myself to what i just had today
i'm definitely coming for you guys i
love you guys i really do i feel
positive
are you sorry i was i said it thank you
guys so much for watching this episode
if you guys want me to try any other
country cuisine please let me know in
the comment down below i would love to
try it and experience more with
different country cuisines so thank you
guys so much
[Music]
you
