hi what's your name I'm beautiful I have
multiple businesses um I really love
guys who are you like a guy with like a
beard or a mustache what about my beard
do you like my beard hi what's your name
Shan how old are you uh 23 and are you
from SIU or different Island from cibu
are you working are you studying what do
you do yeah I'm I'm working in here at
DEA but I'm they off oh day what are
your plans what will you do I will go to
my ae's boarding house ate is an uh
sister okay and what will your girls do
at the boarding house uh I want to go to
I will get the some things some things
and tell me do you have a boyfriend uh
no but I have two kids already I have
Yeah a different
father it didn't work out didn't work
out in Filipino maybe some some uh maybe
soon or someday yeah maybe someday have
you ever dated a foreigner uh not yet
okay if you could date a guy from any
country which country do you want him to
be from uh I don't have any idea no no
idea okay uh what are you liking a guy
physically uh just nothing yeah just
like for me when I fall in love just it
happen know something standard like like
when we first met and we locked eyes I
think we fell in love a little bit like
that okay just like it happened just let
it happen okay what about facial hair do
you like guys with facial hair like a
beard uh I don't think so I did I I I
didn't experience yet you want to touch
my hair right now I'm just kidding okay
uh what about personality wise what kind
of guy do you like I just like uh vegan
honest okay um what about m whatever
happens like uh even if it's if it will
if I get angry with that reason is it
okay but just honest yeah I understand I
understand all right I want to keep
talking to you but I'm running out of
questions so thank you so much for your
time I
appreciate hi what's your name my name
is Moira how old are you 23 dad tell me
what do you do are you working right now
are you student I have a business you
have a business okay all right a
financially stable woman I guess do you
want to promote your business what kind
of business do you have uh I have
multiple businesses we have carel
Philippines We Rent Out Camper vans here
in cibu the first ever um camper vanent
to be rented out and we have circum 360
video booth and Blue Lemon creative Bo
wow so you're balling out here right
making it happen pretty cool so who is
this we is that your boyfriend your
husband your your parents um I'm with my
husband okay I'm married you're married
okay just get married let's end this
interview then I'm just kidding
congratulations on the wedding thank you
um is your husband a foreigner or a
Filipino Filipino and uh tell me how
long were you guys together before you
got married uh 2 years y yeah years what
makes him the guy why is he so special
tell me about him his a very hardworking
man he loves me so much I can see it
everybody sees it and he's a family man
I like it so much that's so sweet I can
see her tearing up already okay that's
awesome uh what about like kids you guys
want kids in the future maybe soon after
um 3 to five years yeah okay and what
makes Filipino guys special usually I
ask what makes Filipino girl special but
this is a unique opportunity what kind
of characteristic would you say makes
Filipinos special Filipino men are men
are special because they are loving I
can see the difference they are very
sweet and they will really although they
are made to be uh the leader of the
relationship they will still um consider
your thoughts and your say in everything
what about physically uh do you like a
guy with facial hair or no h my guy
doesn't have so I'm fun okay you're fine
without it okay H what about generally
speaking do Filipinos like facial hair
or is that like something individually
preferen uh that's individual preference
I guess yeah all right I'm sure a lot of
guys are happy to hear that because uh
these days a lot of Western guys that
grow a beard and all that they're
worried that Filipinos maybe don't like
it so yeah I can see some I have friends
who follow um the I I don't know if it's
a trend but yeah they're doing it okay
well thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it thank you so much also hi
what's your name I'm B and how old are
you 24 are you at school are you working
what do you do working what's your job
I'm a nursing attendant at s Doctor's
University Hospital wow so you're a
nurse okay so you're going to take care
of me if I get sick right okay have you
ever traveled abroad to any other
countries no um if you could be a nurse
and work in a different country would
you like that yeah okay where do you
want to go
Florida Florida specifically okay the US
do you know somebody there I have a
friend there so do you have a boyfriend
or you single I have a is he a foreigner
or Filipino Filipino does he have a
beard yes okay so that's my question
today mainly do you like guys with
beards yeah so you like facial hair okay
well how long is like too long is there
a limit where you're like you know what
you got to shave your beard no I think
it's not too long it's just okay just
medium what about my beard like my beard
kind of kind of oh my God I got to fix
it okay tell me what about generally
speaking do you think Filipinos would
prefer facial hair or
not I think most Filipinos
prefer like like girls girls yeah you
think girls like guys with hair on their
face I don't know if other Filipinos but
for me yeah you personally do thank you
so much for your time I appreciate it hi
what's your name my name is Wendy I'm
from the Philippines Philippines okay
what's your name and my name is AR and
from cibu okay Philippines well and how
old are you I'm 26 years old 26 you do
not look 26 I look 18 yeah maybe that's
why I asked if you're for your age
before I did this interview okay and how
old are you I'm 25 25 are you also from
cibu yeah how do you girls know each
other I'm Rel okay cousins related okay
and do you have a boyfriend or are you
single taking n I'm single single we're
both single both
okay have you ever dated a foreigner
before um no yep y uh he's he he's
Chinese was he here or was it online
dating um here in the Philippines yeah
we met each other here so I guess it
didn't work out unfortunately yeah we
didn't work yeah forget that guy all
right what about you um if you could
date a guy from any country where do you
want to go from none but I hav't read to
try um chatting foreigners is there a
difference between talking to foreigners
in Filipinos yeah there's a really
difference between the Foreigner and the
Filipino especially the culture of
course the culture right and what do you
like in a guy physically what kind of
guy do you like physically yeah
um uh I like simple guys but like maybe
like not too big muscles but guy that
like I don't know slim like a slim guy
like uh not so slim but uh like simple
fits average fits fit average okay aage
you're like a dad bod where a guy just
looks
average okay awesome what about you what
do you like physically in a guy um
actually I'm I'm not really watching for
the guys physically MH what do you watch
for what do you like um the attitude
yeah and what kind of attitude do you
like um I really love guys who are very
um responsible and loving sweet and
clingy because I'm a clingy too oh
you're like a clingy guy okay how do you
like a guy to show you love you want to
buy gifts whisper sweet things in your
ear what kind of you want because my
love language is act of service what
does that mean Act of service and words
of affirmation so I would like to hear
those guys saying that um I'm beautiful
oh okay I got it okay so I'm out of the
question I'm just
kidding I'm just playing around what
about you and like characteristics what
kind of guy you yeah the the character
characteristic it's hard to say right
yeah from a guy of course responsible
and O so like kind um
respectful and also sweet of course
right you're describing the perfect guy
you know my last question what about
facial hair do you grows like a guy with
a beard yeah it's fine because my ex has
a beard you were quick to say she really
likes okay all right and what about you
do you care if a guy has a facial hair
uh maybe not much but yeah just a little
bit just a little bit right not too much
not like gross where you're picking
stuff
anyways all right well thank you so much
for your time I appreciate it yeah hi
what's your name um I'm Hannah and
what's your name hi my name is Christine
how old are you I'm 26 26 yeah great how
about you how old are you and I am 24 24
and how do you girls know each
other workmates work workmates okay cool
and are you single are you in a
relationship what's going on a we're
single by the way single okay have you
ever dated a foreigner
before um none so far none so far how
haven't tried I haven't tried dating a
foreigner but maybe in the future maybe
in the future all right so tell me which
country do you want him to be from oh do
you have a specific preference I prefer
from Spain but very specific Spain so
you must have had your heart set on a
guy from Spain okay oh you're from Spain
I'm not but you know um I can see why
you they're pretty handsome over there I
think right yeah and what about you
which country do you want your guy to be
from a lot a lot any country Korean
Korea Spain y
Italy and what else too many I cannot
mention anymore okay what do you look
for in a guy what do you like um
responsible and being loyal and have
time for you oh so sweet right what
about you what are you like on a guy I
prefer the guy who is selfs spoken and
who is good for my mental health a guy
who will not only uh take care of my
heart but also so for my uh wellbeing a
that's very sweet too what about
physically what do you like in a guy um
I don't have any like um physical um
preference preference but only I just
look for the car characteristics what
about like facial hair do you like a guy
with a beard um
maybe what about you do you like a guy
with a beard yes of course I like a guy
with a beard and also a a guy who is
taller than me okay taller than you am I
taller than you maybe you like my beard
how do you like my
beard I were to rate 10 over 10 wow
that's very sweet of you all right well
thank you girls so much for your time I
appreciate it you're very much welome
cool hi what's your name um I am parish
and how old are you 18 what do you want
to do when you're older do you want to
have a job do you want to travel what do
you want to do I want to travel travel
okay which country do you want to visit
I'm like three
okay and Japan
Thailand everywhere a lot of Asian
countries I guess right do you have a
boyfriend are you single um
I'm you have a boyfriend is he a
foreigner or Filipino I'm Foreigner what
country is he from um fion what do you
like in a man physically what kind of
things are you attracted
to kind very
supportive um
all that stuff all the good stuff right
what about facial hair do you like a guy
with like a beard or a
mustache okay that's okay it's fine we
all have preferences right okay well
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it leave your comments down
below let me know what you think of
these women's answers when it comes to
facial hair now of course you can't
generalize a whole country and say that
all Filipinos like or dislike facial
hair but this was just for fun and
entertainment to see how many women like
or dislike facial hair and let me know
for you if you like facial hair dislike
facial hair
anything you want to share if you take
time to write it I take time to respond
and if you're new to the channel
consider subscribing hit that like
button sharing this video anything you
got to do to get this video out to more
people so they can laugh and enjoy it as
much as you have I'll see you guys in
the next one bye weird or
not no I mean my God no yeah come on
you're a little
confident
yeah
