[Music]
I'm not ready yet
okay ready
hello everybody it's a boy David okay
Doppler retail with Suresh
Celeste aka Roseann you guys call me
Roseanne so she's back in Korea the last
time we filmed a reaction video and was
my first time doing one it was fun and
you guys enjoyed it as well so today
we're going to do a reaction inkay
because I told you I don't do you know
the music videos so much like with all
of the cruise because I'm not a kpop
reaction channel there's this channel I
will link it down below that makes
mashups so I picked two and I'm going to
show them to Roseanne and we'll see how
she reacts so she has to guess also I'm
so bad at like titles like I can start
humming it but I will remember the time
yeah but it's easy because you'll see
the like the visual you'll see the MS
music video and um yeah so
[Music]
[Music]
oh yeah and you don't know where to look
right yeah yeah so they're focusing on
my window I think though isn't that
lower okay yeah the lower part is always
what you're hearing
it's good
this person is great I think it's a big
big collabs oh sure it's so just I'm not
watched listen closely
yeah I feel like I'm like where is it
where it was happening
you like 17 right yeah I don't know that
I don't know like I know this song
but you know this ya know it's 17 I have
to listen to it like 5 7 sometimes 10
times until I like it boom boom boom is
not my favorite I like boom boom after
listening for the fifth time I like this
one
dynamite is my is my jail my Jail by
jail
[Music]
so the good mix them because he likes on
dynamite but this both of them sound
really good together heavily okay all
right have you seen the music video no I
actually know there's so many music
videos I missed out on actually are you
a fan and was that person who got me
into big oh really but then it was it
was Ken and it legal to make me stay
because your voices are so beautiful
ken is amazing he's underrated I'll do
it but I love Ken's voice yeah Ravi but
you know was also great I noticed later
on I could say my name is kill kill kill
mmm-hmm think this guy's but she is also
a great singer and I didn't realize
until like listening to all of their
performances like Ken he did a solo
stage and I'm like this boy good right
it's so good he's underrated
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
also just two songs it's two songs in
one sound like it's one song what did
you think of the mashup we really like
cuz I'm not a big I'm gonna be honest
with you guys I love seventeen I'm not a
big fan of their boom-boom song okay
good
when I first say I didn't like it the
first time I heard it I was like yeah
and then I heard your sister listen you
can say that song sounds great
I had two seventeen was that kind of
group or I didn't want to give up from
just listening to their title track so I
dug more into their side tracks and I
loved their side tracks and especially
their new album y'all I haven't listened
part of them like I really hope that
they will get up there because they
deserve
yeah well for me vixx is one of my faves
so this is what's so funny so you like
picture then and like 17 yes because the
only ones that I know from vixx is Ken
and Robbie sounds good what no no I'm
not doing that with you
[Music]
I knew if I never should avoid yeah Oh
cuz I remember watching us like dance
yeah he's dancing okay so this is the
second video that we've been react to
our she's gonna react to more well you
have to listen and find out it's a yeah
yeah see something we will show you oh
you not right away of course
yeah the salm wearing what song they
mixed it with I didn't get to see what
no you have to listen to this like a
transition into this alright you can't
tell that it's two different songs right
[Music]
okay we let this part all right we love
this oh okay
Wow the way they edited that and also
the music video it's great look if you
didn't know these groups who would think
there one room look at this I actually
gave you a hint who they are the
beginning already
the course like this person is so great
they have an ear for music and a music
video so I'm looking at the way they
edited the music video for the
transitions and keeping it long right
and then the girls change it right here
[Music]
you're gonna meet you wait for it
because of the drop in the song go no
you're missing out maybe I have but the
the remix is making it
do you know whose liquid they are now
and I can't
yes I don't want to say anything oh I'm
so scared I get it wrong away I've
actually never heard this song can't
flip into their thingy I know
Oh
[Music]
it's still it's not gives you that DNA
feel yeah like they don't want you
kidding with you but you can hear the
other song in the background it's
usually yeah you keep both in the same
time make sure you yeah if you didn't
echoed it back yeah that's the other
side oh right right okay so good I like
it so much sounds closer right yeah yeah
so you have them married that's all I
have to take her to you know she was
trying to make me an army okay
so like my main focus all like my bias
ultimate bias group of course is BTS
black pink in your area haven't seen
let's not talk about this they talk
about big Sven
big yeah so when you feel like when you
see the visuals of this like you know
you saw a little bit from the music
video fix it's they have Utley they did
like Oh trilogy trilogy yeah it's the
same I think because did the same right
yeah yeah so they had like I think
dynamite was the first then it was the
closer the last one was shangri-la but I
think dynamite in their triology thing
is the last part so they did it so
you're like getting the story backwards
and it did like the for this one you
just watched
that was the Greek gods um concept okay
okay that's so you can watch that you
can watch that on your channel actually
to wrap it up what do you think the
transition like the music I wasn't
expecting them to edit the music video
as well to make it match but they did
but the transition and how they used
vixx / BTS dnase course that actually
went together right so although even
that dance
nobody made it I don't know if it's like
one or two persons doing this but
whoever whoever you are you're doing a
great job it's really good you have a
ear for music snow good job Jeff if you
guys like this video and you want me to
react to more things with Rosie yeah
feel free to recommend it down below in
the comment box I mean like I will try
to see each other yeah because I don't
do reaction as much but if you recommend
it I'll I'll give it a try I recommend
him some videos to react to because he's
never reacted by yourself
I don't react so if you if you suggest
and more people like vote it up anyway
just let me know in the comments down
below and feel free you know like this
video subscribe both to our both your
channels because you know need to
support us subscribe to David yeah you
better click the subscribe button or
i'ma haunt you in your dreams other than
that I wish you all a good morning good
afternoon and good evening wherever you
may be
[Music]
Hey Hey
