did you know that Davao city is home to
mount Oppo the highest peak in the
Philippines and did you know that Davao
city is the largest city in the
Philippines by land area here are the
top things to do in Davao Philippines
number 11. Philippine eagle Center
nestled in barangay malagos this Center
serves as a crucial Sanctuary for
wildlife conservation particularly for
the critically endangered Philippine
eagle also known as the monkey eating
eagle with its collection of 36
Philippine eagles including 18 bred in
captivity the center provides an
extraordinary opportunity to witness
these Majestic avian species up close
however the appeal of the Philippine
eagle Center extends Beyond mere
observation the center is dedicated to
raising awareness about crucial issues
such as habitat destruction biodiversity
loss and Environmental Conservation the
Philippine eagle Foundation aims to
create a future where lush green forests
cover every major island group with
people actively involved in preserving
these magnificent creatures
number 10. Davao crocodile Park Davao
crocodile Park is an amazing place that
you absolutely have to visit it's not
just your ordinary tourist attraction
it's a hub for wildlife conservation and
offers a thrilling experience for
adventure Seekers one of the coolest
things about Davao crocodile Park is its
dedication to preserving crocodile
species you get a chance to see these
fascinating creatures up close and
personal the park also includes the
butterfly museum and three boo cultural
Village providing insight into local
culture and ecological preservation
efforts
number nine Mount Oppo Mount Oppo the
highest point in the Philippines at 9
700 feet is an irresistible attraction
for adventure Seekers located just 20
minutes west of Davao city in South
Central Mindanao it offers a thrilling
experience for those seeking an
adrenaline rush the breathtaking Scenic
views and diverse range of Flora and
Fauna make it a paradise for nature
enthusiasts climbing Mount Oppo has
become a coveted Adventure since the
first successful Ascent by American
missionaries in 1880 so why not make it
your next thrilling Expedition standing
in the tripartite border of Davao City
Davao Del Sur and kotobato provides
unparalleled panoramic views that will
leave you Spellbound number eight Jax
Ridge Davao Jax Ridge in Davao City
offers breathtaking Eagle Eye views of
the city and holds historical
significance as the former headquarters
of the Japanese forces during World War
II exploring the history of the ridge is
possible through the Jax Ridge Monument
making it a perfect destination for both
Scenic Beauty and historical sites you
can also enjoy delicious Filipino
cuisine at the various restaurants
available including Carlos Gourmet for
coffee and baked treats and talk Lobo
for beautifully plated Filipino dishes
in an open-air dining area
number 7. Chinatown Davao if you're
looking for a lively and culturally
diverse destination Chinatown Davao
should be on your travel radar this
vibrant place has it all from affordable
markets where you can score fresh
produce and goods to historical gems
like the impressive Mindanao Taoist
temple with its intricate architecture
and let's not forget the mouth-watering
traditional dishes served at the
numerous restaurants lining the streets
when you need a break from exploring
take a stroll through their beautiful
parks and enjoy the Lush Greenery and if
you happen to visit during Chinese New
Year get ready for some festive parades
that will accelerate your senses
number six hoseo dabawenyo looking to
delve into the cultural and historical
site of Davao City visit Museo dabawenyo
a government-funded attraction
showcasing the Region's Rich history and
culture but here's the kicker Museo
dabawenyo isn't your run-of-the-mill
Museum it goes the extra mile by
fostering understanding and integration
of local culture through exciting
collaborations you'll be treated to a
captivating experience immersing
yourself in Regional artifacts and
thoughtfully curated exhibits that raise
cultural awareness join our community of
fellow Travelers by hitting that
subscribe button together we'll discover
the world's hidden gems
number five Rojas Avenue Night Market at
Rojas Avenue Night Market you'll be
greeted by a vibrant atmosphere filled
with enticing Aromas and Lively
conversations brace yourself For A Feast
for the census with a diverse range of
street food options that will leave you
salivating indulge in tantalizing
grilled skewers Succulent Seafood
Delights and countless other delectable
Treats but it's not just about the food
the Market's Lively atmosphere invites
you to learn about the local culture as
you interact with passionate vendors who
are eager to share their stories and
don't forget to explore the rows of
stahls offering unique souvenirs in
stylish clothing where haggling is not
just allowed but encouraged
number four discover eat in Nature Park
Eden Nature Park is a fascinating
destination for outdoor enthusiasts and
ecotourists this captivating destination
is a treasure waiting to be discovered
imagine immersing yourself in 75
hectares of lush natural surroundings
with a 2.5 mile Forest Trail inviting
you to explore and that's not all get
ready to be enchanted by Deer Park
flower garden Lola's garden and
Butterfly Garden each offering its own
unique charm moreover if you crave
adrenaline pumping experiences Eden
Nature Park has you covered take on the
challenge of hiking along picturesque
trails that lead to breathtaking Vistas
number three People's Park Davao when it
comes to relaxation and Leisure in The
Great Outdoors People's Park Davao is a
true Paradise with its beautifully
landscaped Gardens interactive fountains
and open air Amphitheater for cultural
events this four hectare park has it all
whether you're a family seeking fun or
an individual craving Tranquility
there's something for everyone let the
kids run wild in the playgrounds while
you take a leisurely stroll along the
winding paths surrounded by Lush
Greenery and don't forget to explore the
educational exhibits where you can
uncover the rich history and Heritage of
the local area
number two haliwagwak Falls all the
wagwag Falls is an ideal place for
anyone seeking an exhilarating
experience with its remarkable display
of a hundred cascading Falls it offers a
truly breathtaking sight The Falls
provide various activities for visitors
to enjoy including sightseeing amidst
the lush green surroundings taking a
refreshing swim in the Cool Waters
capturing stunning photos of the
cascading Falls ziplining across the
Magnificent waterfalls and crossing the
monkey Bridge while being treated to
panoramic Scenic views
[Music]
number one samal Island as you explore
Davao one of the top destinations that
should not be missed is samal Island
this tropical area offers a range of
activities for every type of traveler as
you step onto its Shores you'll be
greeted by pristine white sand beaches
inviting you to lounge and soak up the
sun as a nature Enthusiast you can
embark on indelible Adventures visit the
Monfort bat Sanctuary where you can
witness thousands of bats in their
natural habitat or immerse yourself in
the enchanting beauty of hagimi Falls
nestled amidst the Lush Greenery
providing a serene escape from the
bustling world for those seeking a
thrilling experience camping sites are
available on samal island and as night
falls you can enjoy an adventure-filled
evening Under The Starry Sky embracing
the freedom and raw beauty of the island
click here for more things to do in the
Philippines
[Music]
