solo you know either run the country
comes with a slogan it's more fun in the
Philippines
so now we went to the Philippines first
time in January 2018 we traveled there
for about two months total one month the
first time one month the second time so
the country is full of more than just
beautiful Instagram pictures amazing
waterfalls and great food but over the
past two months of us traveling in the
Philippines we have made countless
countless mistakes and we've even seen
the mistakes of others that have been
made and it ruined their whole trip so
we want to tell you what you need to
know before traveling the Philippines so
you don't have the same mistakes that we
do so first of all I would go for
something that is a really big serious
issue major problem right now with
Philippines tourism we didn't really
realize about it that much until we get
a chance to speak with locals use it
seem like here you know there's so many
businessmen yeah I mean 100,000 people
every day big income I was on a million
and yes from what they said there are
only two turtles left in our boy island
in the past they are way more from what
he said but as time passed by what
happened is like people picking up and
like trying to take pictures of the
turtles so just you know we love to show
you guys everything there is and
everything we do just if you do come
here just make sure you respect the
animals it's just like the tourism in
Thailand and elephants you know you
gotta know what you should do and what
you shouldn't do to respect the Turtles
you're in their home in their
environment just make sure you respect
it yes so that is the one thing that we
would like to tell for the locals there
indefinitely under the next one sorry
sorry story not the first day that we
got to Manila we had no clue how to get
the SIM card yeah we were like walking
around try to find like have like a
phone like like a true or like a verizon
or some sort of cell phone store these
streets are so full of life there's so
many kids so many people out going
through the streets we're just trying to
get a SIM card right now but it seems
quite difficult
you think are you sit down here
somewhere on the right that's not how it
works well like we will freak out this
we really need to use the internet
because we now have to contact the
Airbnb own that's what the next day we
talk to the local and local say see you
guys walking back and forth back and
forth so you can just guessing card at
the sorry sorry and point there I was
like that's small so the thing is you
can find everywhere so now they're
literally almost on every corner and
they do look a little different they
have like metal bars over the actual
counter but they are so awesome
and they're normally connected to the
front of somebody's house so it's
basically like I like the family run
business Kyle's in the Philippines which
is like the big cultural icon that
because if you want pasta you would
probably notice like people hang out
they're just little kids little baby's
friends they're all sitting around sorry
sorry sirs
now you might probably thinking like
what in size I mean why don't just call
it the store so now sighs I didn't pack
a lot basically I don't really know a
lot but this is some one thing that I
know is that sorry sorry mean everything
so food cell phone refills toothbrushes
cleaning supplies for your house is that
you can get you an ice can be my
favorite yeah and the ice candy in the
Philippines is absolutely amazing I
don't really know that ice can be isn't
sorry it's a very stubborn as well yeah
we didn't know that until doing some
research yeah and also like a couple of
Filipino thank you guys you told us in
the comment that so so sad we made this
mistake
we didn't even like go and try and find
it I thought it was like a hidden gem if
they tell you that you need a guide in
the Philippines
I highly suggest you get a guide so
where we're going is either right there
or right there I'm not sure which one it
is
you need okay
we are always ones to try and save and
pinch pennies and save everywhere we go
but when it comes to needing a tour
guide for things like tal rock cliff or
other adventures off the beaten path you
definitely need a guide we learned this
the hard way
so wind sa is dangerous thing though is
that if you're gonna if you're gonna
come up here it's definitely worth
paying for a guide
I'm the stubborn one that never wants to
pay for things and I'm also very very
good at climbing and that was intense
for me it's not that the climbing was
climbing was difficult but that wasn't
the hardest part the hardest part was
you didn't know what peak to go to and I
ended up like scaling around the top of
a mountain to a peak behind a tree and
then like when we saw the locals on my
way down I end up going back up with
them and we walked right past that that
peak and around the other mountain to
the actual peak to get to die for one to
a guy no matter how many people with you
at that time it's only it cost you 400
pixels to kill you up there for me
unfortunately I didn't get a chance to
see the view like this like to need it
the reason being that is not like hiking
for me smell like glass you see it's all
like climbing the mountain and I'm not
good at climbing I went hiking I'm not
good at walking even so for me I don't
want it quite like imagine that it's
gonna be that bad because I have seen a
lot of people do that and from the
picture I don't see it as dangerous as
it would be so that is the big mistake
for me again we just finished house
incredible it's beautiful up top but I
do not suggest doing that without a
guide like I did when we were in vanilla
we were trying to make our way to
Bernardo AKA
Chinatown you know we've seen mark Wiens
video that said the dumplings are
amazing there
when yo has always believed my oh of
course you see that face when you eat
that Bentley oh that showgirl the god
you've been on the right way
shopping there is cheap and it's just so
full of culture and chinatown is always
someplace you want to see yes so that's
why we want to go to be Nando's so bad
so now we got off the plane and next we
got to try and figure out how to get
there so the idea I'm taking a bus to
Chinatown is a fail they charge per
person so it's about a hundred and fifty
pesos per person to get on the bus which
by that point in time in Aachen share a
grab 183 they actually have a grab
station here at v3 at the airport so I
didn't know that when we first arrived
here we've been way easier than
searching for a taxi but now that we
know it we'll never have to worry about
it again just remember that when you
first come into a country if you don't
have a cell phone and you don't want it
you know get the SIM card at the airport
if they have grabbed here mother nature
is something that you cannot predict I
mean when we went to go see the dolphins
couldn't see the dolphins when we went
to go into small lagoon or big Lagoon
I'm not sure it's like a combination to
a into a sea yeah when we went to go to
the lagoon though the tide was too low
so the boat couldn't make it in there to
the actual so you have to so we had to
swim there just know that things do not
always go as planned so you just want to
enjoy the place enjoy the people you're
with and enjoy the moment that you're in
right now don't let things you cannot
control hold you down now let me share
with you the story of like some of the
friend we met in Palawan and it's like
get mad because they're the same kind
like us there but traveller now when it
comes to budget you want to get the most
out of the money that you pay yes and of
course when they advertise the to a to a
beach was the ointment combination tour
they're not like list all the
possibility of the island in the plan in
the invasion always guaranteed to make
it all yeah but so that's why I think I
want you to actually like get yourself
ready to know these now know where did
we know that there was a cleaning day
I'm claiming that yeah a day where they
specifically take the boats don't let
any boats out there's something on your
name wrong so yeah just to get a lot of
work done there's no slow boat every
other day there's a slow boat really
different sauces like 500 paces so it's
12 underpin so small slow boat which
takes six hours and then there's sixty
cases so we're gonna be there in four
hours we had we did not always do that
but sometimes living on the edge of your
seat is the best part of it so it's like
with almost 7,000 islands in the
Philippines is like definitely the
geography of each island is totally
different even what we experience and a
lot of violence like there is a legs in
the island
sup leg in the back leg in the island
and that mean that leg is so confusing
and each leg an island in that leg
island things is totally keep different
characteristic yeah so if you want to go
to like someplace that's like super
remote is you can find that at happy
beach just a coincidence
happy beach again what's the name of the
beach we just got the cloud beach and
wow I can't believe there's nobody here
it got a nickname as the happy beach for
example if you want to go to sandbar
something like really very like a big
set up in the ocean it mean like I'm
talking about you have to take a boat to
that beach because it's in the ocean and
that is like in Montreal
if you want to go to somewhere it's like
lots of glider it how can you describe
this kind color
like crazy crazy crazy blue like the
craziest blue I've ever seen Sultan card
of Cebu Island is perfect like sweeping
Versailles in the Osmo I like even some
volcanic island can you imagine that
this is an apple Island so if you walk
on here along the beach you will see is
like different kind of like a shamrock
like a walking a rock
no Robin has like a hole all around and
it's pretty shy Jimmy got cuddly all
over on his feet that's why really
important we like to buy them you have
to get them alright thank you for
watching this we really hope you enjoyed
this and we really hope that this helps
now whether you're a pro traveler or
this is your first time abroad everybody
makes mistakes while traveling but we
just hope that you can understand ask
for help if you need help that is the
number one tips that I would probably
give to anybody that like asks for the
advice in the Philippines because as a
first-timer in the Philippines
another thing probably gonna be like so
crazy crazy different of the big
important things now one thing about
Philippe know that we can mention enough
is that today are friendly they are
helpful and they speak good English so
they're always there for you if you need
them
so just don't be afraid back awesome at
all but I think we save a lot of time
and a lot of money by Filipinos and
thank you so much if you are watching
this video we really appreciate
everything you did to us and the man you
did for us before okay everything you
did for us so if this is your first time
watching and you want to see more about
the Philippines just check the
description box below there's plenty of
more information on the toilet being
below and make sure you subscribe and
stick around because we have a big trip
coming up and we'll be traveling to
Mexico City in October and also to the
south India after that as well
you
