hello my friends we continue to make
some videos about durian variety
varieties so a couple of days ago we've
been in Davao at the farmers market it's
a restaurant
working by durians and some other fruits
local fruits mostly durians because the
pollution
really somebody ins they call it Safari
Montreal day very rare it's very
expensive but unfortunately they not
ready they're not right we know the
owner very well his name is Larry
so Larry he has a durian farm close to
Davao and Kalinin he always has the
perfect durians perfectly ripened and
when you visit it always can get a very
good durians and then he said he also
has some interesting durians they appear
at the end of the season every year and
they cost twice as a regular as a
regular durian varieties so what's the
name famous and rare Safari when I've
seen it first time I thought it's local
mountain Safari translates from local
language for priests so the same it's
very unique nice and good quality durian
so he told us that they have only
several trees of this variety and this
is not dwarf tree it's natural grown
from the seed that's why it's so unique
so most durian to eat almost all of them
it's a dwarfed durians they have some
popular varieties they cut their you
know like branch from it and they just
insert to the like little tree and it
become exactly the same variety where
where you cut it from so something like
this this one was gone from the seed
basically it's a native but it's so good
native that they gave them then gave
this tree this variety the name so yeah
the price was 120 pesos per kilo
though the
regular price is about 60 pesos per kilo
so twice the price of the any other
durian at this time Safari for priests
let's try it it reminds me I'll tell you
right away it reminds me D 24 so we
bought it two days ago or three days ago
and he said this durian needs like a
couple of days to ripen it almost ripen
on the tree but still they it needs some
time so three days and it's already
opened up by itself
yeah like the 24 maybe O'Malley let's
open it up it opens very easy
thick-skinned like any other native
durian not too much meat but very
interesting big wrinkles means the tree
is big and mature he said this tree and
of 70s or 80s he said so like modern
theory five years old okay let's try it
sweet like crazy
[Music]
nice and pleasant not too much you know
like aftertaste of flavors just sweet
pure the thickness is very mild
I think this durian will like most of
the people even who tried first time
really good durian
yep indeed so as I said it reminds me of
d24 and by taste it's very similar close
to d24 but this one more mild
you know like thinner bust by structure
the the d24 varieties very like paste
like thick and this one is I would say
perfect you know it perfect whereas wait
like concentrated I didn't need anything
like that I think so it definitely worth
it to try and wow more I eat more I like
it honestly Wow very very nice do it you
can find this durian only at the farmers
market or I think straight from Alaris
durian farm so the name is Safari for
priests it is very good durian indeed
so to be continued
[Music]
