for the past week we have been exploring
the amazing island of Siargao
Philippines room we have loved exploring
the island on two wheels and of course
playing in the sand
we got off the beaten path to experience
something new in a fallen in love the
local food we even learned to snorkel
and were introduced to the world under
the water but above all we learned to be
brave and to make new friends wherever
we go and it is these moments that have
been the most special to us today we
face a new adventure running out of
money in Siargao well sometimes you
have to roll with the punches our plan
today was to do an island tour we had it
all planned out we got up kind of early
and we're gonna go to an island that
should have been all to ourselves before
the rest of the tourists got there but
the ATM
and the ATM is offline and we are out of
cash so we have to save our cash for
lunch today that's about all we have is
enough to eat the rest of the day and
then hopefully the ATM will get back
online as far as I can tell it's the
only ATM in this area so we're gonna go
drive to a smaller beach and hang out
there for the day
so not as nice as the island we had
planned but at least we have a little
crime in beach here we discover this
place just by driving around which has
been our favorite thing to do is just a
driver on an explorer but the girls are
happy because they have a little private
beach to themselves and they're having
fun
we went underwater and we saw a
jellyfish you were really close to them
really cool to see all the sea creatures
I screw by myself for the first time
those were placed on swimming without
floaties oh my goodness
dry first time sparkling - I have to see
a jellyfish on my first time there's
lots of little teeny crabs around here
so I keep curling on me inviting me I
got bet on my arm I was sitting out in
the ocean sitting in the water with
Chloe and I'd felt this weird bite on my
arm and I looked down it was this little
teeny crab he must have got washed onto
my arm from the waves and then did not
want to be there
did you know that daddy's afraid of
jellyfish
well you weren't anymore free like me I
was a little scared but then I tried it
first that I was scared and then I was
brave and then I tried it and it was
funny
yeah I'm proud of you nature is the best
playground so that was super fun and now
we're to go try to find some lunch
one of the problems with char cow is
poor internet connectivity and I'm
thinking that's why the the ATM is sound
they lose connection frequently but we
have about 12 dollars left to our name
so that should last us lunch and dinner
hopefully and then hope for bagels we're
working again
one of the reasons the food is so good
here is because it's also fresh so what
we were there we actually saw some
fishermen bring by their catch they had
some prawns and some shrimp and they
would sell it direct directly to the
restaurant and that's why the food is so
good here but now I think we're going to
go off and find some coconut bread
present coconut bread
grab some coconut bread for dessert
we're still watching our budget we've
got like eight dollars eight or nine
dollars left but I think we can spare
some money for the coconut bread it's
only ten cents per roll for the coconut
bread so we're gonna go grab some of
that for dessert
so we had our coconut rolls and now we
need to go check the ATM to see if we
can get any more money what we want
tummy they're a little too warm be right
now and Chloe wanted me to ask them not
to have them so warm next time they're
they're fresh that's right
all right ATM is still offline but
that's okay we can make it another day
with date books believe it or not it's
actually the only ATM on this half of
the island it's about about half an hour
40 minute ride to the next closest ATM
so if we get desperate hopefully another
ATM will connect but hopefully it'll
turn on by tomorrow
this ice cream guys set up right outside
of the school as school is letting out
and he is passionate and his words flow
and through as fast as possible
ATM is still down I think I might have a
good half an hour drive ahead of me to
get to an ATM but I'll probably do that
later tonight we've decided to make the
long drive together we have to get some
money for tomorrow we're planning on
doing an island trip and we were
completely out of cash or like five
dollars left
we spent two dollars in gas it's a
dollar per litre so now we're down to
three dollars so hopefully we can find
an ATM
as usual always
this place is just beautiful
so it's not that bad of a drive is
actually beautiful out it's just the
fact that with four of us on here is
rather uncomfortable so taking a minute
about 3/4 of the way there just to kind
of let the blood flow again because once
we're all on here you can't really move
there's no way to adjust and get more
comfortable so we can't go very far
without having stopped all right so we
made it all the way to Joppa about a
half an hour drive here with that fun
yeah and we've got an ATM so they got
some money
Alexa has been our little navigator
anytime I need correction she holds the
phone and then I can drive an ethical
hands on the wheel
so we came back to this restaurant
because it was so delicious the food was
amazing and we were greeted by these
kids that just kept waving at us and
they were just absolutely adorable so
Alexa and Chloe went over and and met
them and she made some new friends so it
was pretty awesome
people are always so friendly here as we
drive by kids always yell and say hey
how are you the wave as we drive by and
everyone is so friendly and it's awesome
and this food is the best chicken oh my
get on the footage it's so good
it's a mammoth she's just chewing on the
bones
somehow our gopher battery died today
even though it was definitely for when I
left so I can't get any driving shots
I'm really bummed because the path we're
taking today is absolutely beautiful it
just whines and turns and goes through
this palm tree forest and unfortunately
we don't have any footage ever what do
you think cool cool
you
