look at her go look at her go she's
gonna be smut on these vegetables
train
[Music]
scenic they're gonna make dinner for us
tonight
with all the ingredients that we bought
yesterday we got pig ears they got love
oh there's all sorts of stuff skip this
video if you're not into food because
this video is going to be all about
making Filipino food my parents took off
to the farm yesterday while they're gone
Michael and I asked Janette and her
sister to teach us how to make my
favorite Filipino dishes so we can party
today chefs are very experienced moms
chef number one Vanessa
chef number two Jeanette and sous chef
Jamila Janette and Jamila are sisters
and Vanessa is their sister-in-law for
today's menu we're making sisig and
pallava
so let's start with ceasing here are the
ingredients pig ear pig belly onions
green and red chillies garlic calamansi
and liquid seasoned never seen it before
but I've seen some sort of magical
liquid that makes it more delicious how
much do you think we need the Filipino
cooking answer is as much as you need
which means you should never piss off
the ship so first rinse the pig ears and
belly with water boil until they're
tender I think it's all water but I
don't remember I think you need to bring
it to a boil beforehand but that I don't
also remember it stir it once in a while
so the meat doesn't clump together that
I remember well cooking the meat prepare
the vegetable chopped onions bell
peppers chilies and garlic just cut it
all up maybe find a sous chef Jamila
look at her go look at her go she's
going beast mode on vegetable
oh and don't forget to check on the pot
once in a while chef to is poking around
the fork to see if the meat is tender
remove the pig from the pot when it
looks scary like this damn looking at it
now I can't believe it's one of my
favorite Filipino
anyway chop it into pieces now fry the
chopped meat into the hot oiled pan till
it's brown go to lid and put on the pan
on low heat leave the lid on until it
starts making and pop become kind of
like popcorn and now comes the magic
liquid seasoning jeez that's a lot maybe
she should just take a little finally
dump everything in and mix it all around
yep it's looking delicious and ask them
for the monkey cheese now all we need to
do is preheat the sizzling plate and
spread some butter on it it smells so
good and bam Wendy this is the first
time it's good
one spicy its Reuben all right now let's
make them pull out here's the list
you're going to need smoked fish ground
pork shrimp green onions garlic egg
planted noodles Kalimantan pork rinds
more Pig first cook both sides of the
smoked fish in an oil tank and pass it
to the sea sure she has a strip out the
meat and mince it all up not a fun job
but that's what the sous-chef is for
next you got to wash these dirty shrimp
washing because they can be sweating
from swimming and Leos again boil it
with salted water I think it's ready
when it looks tasty like this oh it is
just like that finally give it to the
sous chef for the peeling process I
don't think I'd ever do this let's cook
round four but what the hell chef number
two is rinsing it I guess
the meat is sweaty as well safety first
in the Philippines now heat up the pan
and warm the garlic in oil first and
then dump the pork into the pan add salt
and sources today we're using the
pre-made gravy sauce so just make as
instructed and cook the rice noodles
just like that dude
chef number one that's a lot then
crumble the pork one then go on ganks on
it with a knife finally put everything
in layers on a party play first noodles
are mixed with a sauce then fam ground
pork bam shrimp bam fishlegs bam green
onion and fanox there you go all done
sorry we were still hungry forgot to
film us eating it but we'll sign off
with chef number two's special message
for you guys
[Music]
