I'm straight but I I love gay people
it's the same story as like I'm not
racist I have
you know you know POC friends like okay
hi I'm drama and I'm gay hi I'm Elena
and I'm a lesbian and we are reacting
through how Filipinos feel about lgbtq
plus folk the Philippines actually has a
deep lgbtq history the types of people
in Mindanao believe in people who exist
in between male and female genders trans
women not only existed but held high
positions of spiritual power because
this was threatening to the Spaniards
machismo beliefs bakla arose as a term
that claimed switching between genders
was temporary and not normal the word
bakla is such a it's such a bad word
and it's not it shouldn't be you know
especially after hearing about this yes
and like honestly I
am
I sound so evil because like growing up
in the Philippines every time like I
would just be this like flamboyant guy
and every time I would just like
interact with the young kids in the
Philippines they would just be like
they did not get to know me like beyond
that and that is the story of why I
think all children are horrible so
you're generalized
which I shouldn't do but yeah it's
horrible that these kids grow up and one
of the first few things that they learn
is to like make fun of yeah queer people
had I had been presented with this
information if I was in like high school
or maybe even Elementary School who
knows like life would have been so much
easier like to know that these people
held leadership positions yeah
pre-colonial Philippines like that blows
my mind with our complicated lgbtq
history being erased Congress still
hasn't passed the soji bill which grants
lgbtq protections against discrimination
and this lack of acceptance is felt by
lgbtq Filipinos all over the diaspora
from the US to Canada to the Middle East
now I wonder why in the Philippines
politics is just like so homophobic and
all of that I wonder why maybe it's
because of the strong influence of the
Church of the country yeah I don't want
to step on anyone
or anything but oh my God like just this
strong
Catholic influence
in politics is like not helping our
country
progress in the speed that I want it to
be right for this last election I was
like reading up on the soji bill and
reading reading up on all the different
Congress because it was like a long list
of like 165 people and like No One's
Gonna look that up but I did I spent so
much time I made a whole like PowerPoint
thing of it and I like put it on social
media in case like people wanted to I
love it use it like I like to make voter
guides because there's people who just
don't care to like spend time and I will
care to spend time so none of them none
of them won it's horrible I remember oh
my God not to call you out mom but I
mean mom's trained a thought was
basically oh I'm voting for this person
because I think this person is going to
win like that's not really like the best
way to approach how you go about voting
this is like not American Idol I was
just gonna say that like for some reason
like they treat the elections like some
American Idol popularity contest and
look what happens right and Cataluna
Enriquez who will be the first
transgender Miss USA contestant adding
to an already impressive resume as a
designer businesswoman healthcare worker
and model all the lgbtq folks who are
forging their own path and navigating
how to be lgbtq while being in ate Tito
or Lola history shows lgbtq folks are
not a trend they've existed before the
Philippines was a country and will
continue to exist long after and that's
why like children who receive a bakla on
the street or like in the mall that
that's the person they'll make fun of
because they've never seen that and
elsewhere and so for lesbians I grew up
thinking tomboy was a Filipino word yes
me too I thought like it literally meant
lesbian so I would watch like American
shows and then like a girl would be like
I'm such a tall boy it was like so that
means you're like oh that's weird
but yeah non-binary and gender fluidity
like that needs to get brought onto the
table like yesterday because with the
Philippines and that you know the
history there's no gender in our
language so why is that not even
understood as much as it should be and
now we're gonna be reading the comments
from this video my mom likes Vice Ganda
yet it's homophobic my grandma's saying
she supports the lgbtq plus community
that still talks about trans people
one of the reasons why it can't come out
to them
that's a reality for a lot of people and
it's just like so horrible that like you
cheer on these people on the TV yeah and
yet you can't even be nice to the very
queer people that like are around you
yeah
hypocritical it is the idea that like no
I just I do support the community but I
just like I know how hard it is for
queers so that's why I'm just so scared
for you it is so stupid because that is
not your experience you don't understand
and you can't even begin to understand
and you can't be afraid for us
just support me exactly oh my God some
people really feel like they have an
ownership over other people yeah that
was what I grew up with like trans was
never used it was it's confusing
like you're calling a person
both
when they are trans because they are
transitioning and I don't want to speak
for them but I it might be a little
harder because of that the idea that
their
um POC box like that they're bad because
they are deceiving and they're not
telling the truth of who they really are
and I'm like no they are a woman like
why why do you wanna
make them bad just because they feel
like they are a woman all the
conversations always surrounded what is
happening down there under the belt or
like maybe the work that they do
involves genitals or like anything and
it's just like seriously like that's
what you care about right there's like
so many facets to someone's identity and
if the time isn't right yet then the
time isn't right yet but you know you'll
know and like when you really really
feel like it's time for you to come out
and you know what
yeah there's not a lot of moving forward
if we follow
lgbtqia plus people discriminate one
another we can't make a united front
because even within the community we
bicker I actually agree with this
growing up in my all boys Catholic High
School in the Philippines
how I wish
all my queer classmates
were friends and you know I want to be
compassionate of them also because you
know I don't know what's going on in
their households and hurt people hurt
people but oh my God if we only had like
peaceful tables in the cafeteria we
could all just like bond with each other
and like share with each other what's
happening in their own homes and just
like not feel so alone yeah that would
have helped me so much in high school
but it was just like Mean Girls yeah wow
and again like also for media to
represent queer people as friends right
not just as people who were like snarky
and mean to each other but like first of
all to have more than one queer
character in your film not just the gay
best friend right yeah and to have those
more than one characters actually get
along with each other yeah with queer
media it is picking up very slowly and
so seeing like Queer Eye For The
Straight Guy thing but Filipino or
friends but Filipino but gay oh my God
you're great just hang out at the mall
or like some like Jollibee or something
like queer friends hanging out exactly
talking we need to see them my mother
called me evil for coming out as bi and
said I could have one or the other but
not both which is which I told her was a
lie because of how they treated my
sister when she came out as a lesbian
but she loves talking about her gay
friends she had in college and her shows
I hate when people are being forced to
like pick a side yeah there are no sides
like it's a spectrum you know it's like
a whole like Galaxy that's exactly my
experience with my mom as much as like
my mom is so accepting of me when I
first came out at least I wanted her to
be more accepting you know she would
always be like but I have gay friends so
it's okay like I I accept you there
wasn't more to that like I I needed more
and now I do have that which is great so
mom but just because you're saying oh I
have gay friends oh I went to gay bars I
did this this this I'm straight but I I
love gay people it's you know it's the
same story as like you know I'm not
racist I have
no you know you know POC friends like
okay and I just want to like and publish
this and put it out there if you were a
straight person on pride month posting
on Instagram about look at my one gay
friend like we are looking at that pose
and cringing yeah so rethink next time
you post something like that this video
deserves more recognition in the
Philippines and everywhere in the world
yes people everywhere should know that
the lgbtqia plus community in the
Philippines are met with gaslighting
tolerance discrimination passive
aggression and most of all hate all caps
in forms of persecution sexual
harassment murder and rape and the main
perpetrators of these damages are the
Christian slash Catholic churches and
the Philippine government itself it's
2022 and the lgbtqia plus community in
the Philippines is yet to see any form
of production from discrimination and
religion-based hate yes that is like the
whole thesis statement yes of why we are
doing this of why this video exists I
see people who I grew up with who are
still in the Philippines
still in that stage in their life where
they're struggling and getting to know
their queer identity and have not move
move past that I really really really
want them to grow past that because like
there's so much more to life
than just suppressing your queerness
well it's like mental health like
dealing with mental health is not like
ever never been a thing in the
Philippines you know no one goes to
therapy and people laugh at you when you
talk about like depression and things
like that like oh you're just like
overacting yeah but it should be like
that's it it really should be because
man there are some people who need help
yeah long way to go yeah for our country
so many things that need to be changed
so many big you know steps that are also
happening which we should celebrate but
a long way to go
thank you so much for watching this
video you can follow me on all social
media platforms at drama Del Rosario and
you can watch my short personal
documentary film in this family on all
PBS platforms and you can follow me at
Elena is a on Instagram Twitter you can
watch my short film on Netflix called
hard shot
[Music]
foreign
