[Music]
at the moment yeah it's pillow tight and
everything but here is nice you back
there I don't know if you can see the
fishermen maybe I can zoom in a little
you try the applet there they are
three small fishing boat you can also
often see their mom like they're
swimming in the evening they're just
wearing in their goggles and have a
little little plastic bucket and then
they're diving catching the fish and
yeah and other seafood stuff over there
just behind that white line it's a
little cloudy today looks like it's
going to rain again but yeah that's
actually okay too because today we are
going to Cebu City we are exploring the
city a little we have quite a few spots
on our list um the first one will be
Lantau lentil restaurant and besides a
nice restaurant where you can sit
outside and have an amazing view over
all city
[Music]
okay here we go
[Music]
[Music]
okay and we are finally here took quite
a while to get here it's a really long
drive from from the now and yeah the
traffic is crazy is always up there this
restaurant
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so we are now here to restaurant you
have an amazing view over the city from
here you can see it down there that
table mundo and everything and over
there is also the temple of Leah so I
think we are going to get a seat now and
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay Toronto restaurant is really nice
done food was good you have an amazing
view from up there we moved on now to
Mount View Park with which is actually
right next to it and yeah basically you
have to same view from up here down
there you can see down over there is a
city
Muskaan and right on the horizon you can
even see both and yeah we are here at
the mountain park now and we are going
to look take a look at the Rope quarter
adventure how much coffee here 150 mm
bread and again it's one little bit it's
like the word sells back much yeah in
Germany yeah a little more wider and
higher more challenging just it looks
nice yeah
I hear also this line if you want if you
want to try it what challenge yeah I
want to try what Morgan and oh yeah what
were the fastest come with me one more
little bit let me do some so all the
also 54:15 be Santana no Kyra Valley
casa going on here
[Music]
so the rope course here behind me is
more some sort of an obstacle course in
the trees because 150 petals per person
and yeah
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
