on this episode of trying something new
we're going to live like a local in Moab
o.l Philippines we're gonna check out a
sardine run white sand beach go shopping
have a party at McDonald's and celebrate
Nixon's birthday
the battery by your birthday before we
get started with all the fun we got to
find a place to stay we were walking
down the side street at the end of the
day out of nowhere this lady came up and
said hey you need a place to stay I said
how could you tell as long as there's a
place for the kids to play
she said follow me this way she
introduced us to her sister who had four
houses on the block we gladly took the
green one and booked it for six days and
only paid a hundred and fifteen dollars
or twenty dollars a night not bad I must
say
all right so here's our room it's a
little messy because we're about to pack
but uh this is it we have three big beds
and thanks bathroom little patio area
table chairs
after we got all checked into our room
it was time to go play we walked out our
front door in about four minutes away we
spent many days swimming with the
sardines are we going swimming with
these sardines is a once-in-a-lifetime
experience there are millions of them
just off the shore and the really cool
thing about the mobile sardine run is
that it doesn't move it can always be
found right off the beach so you can
pretty much jump in the water anytime
and check it out
you want to go maybe it's yeah how much
you've changed
Jory's with my phaser
so two minutes ago it was a feat with me
thanks
there's another fee
get your
yes sir I've got weight beach sounds
really bad too our favorite
camping on the beach here so I think you
should be pretty cool we have a lot of
stuff a lot of gear and a lot of
equipment I don't think that part
because one thing we love about
traveling is getting out of the tourist
traps and see how the locals relax on
the beach it was so cute everywhere we
went people wanted to take pictures with
us famous and we loved it
well flavor you want
we did fly the drone successfully it's
always a good day when the drone doesn't
crash and yeah just hanging out here on
the beach burying people having fun and
doing silly stuff
so I am absolutely starving and it's
kind of getting a little frustrating
that the only option is in whatever is
in that little store right there
and I doesn't want something Elfie I
want a smoothie or a smoothie Bowl or
something like that and it's just not
here so being a vegetarian here is a
struggle yeah
Oh bananas 500 let's do it
walking so I want you to walk him to the
brink so we really hate to do this but
we've been searching for a while guys
get out of the street you moving here so
we really hate to go to McDonald's all
the time but uh seems to be the only
thing that kids are gonna be McDonald's
was amazing with the warm vibe
the kids were familiar with the foods
which was much easier and they just got
done having a birthday party and left
the music blasting for us I guess it is
more fun in the Philippines
if you don't like cockfighting don't
worry we're not going to show it in this
video we do do up to a cockfight while
in Mobile and we have a separate video
on that so if you want to check that out
we'll have a link to it at the end of
this video
we now return you to regular programming
so we have not been eating healthy I
don't and everybody's energy levels just
like in the dumps so we saw this food
market has I would go oh we are stopping
there and we are sucking up the damn
room
so we got mangoes like six mangoes I
think need to get some bananas
50 and how much - 45
to eat the flash in sight and it's good
for the house I'm telling you your last
shining new proof your English is
amazing really really good all right
thank you I'm excited to have something
healthy and refreshing and stuff you can
just white rice for every meal okay
here's the bus we almost died in
on our way back to the house we saw a
marching band practicing in a field and
we had to pull over and listen to their
awesomeness
drop the mic
somehow the mic got unplugged from the
camera and for this part we probably
just have to use our imagination but I
think we might be saying something about
tattoos so here's an attempt at some
really bad voiceovers hey dude do you
have any tattoos man yes I have to baby
that's right here from when I used to be
a gangster I don't see where they are
man they learned I've been really small
just look right here little baby pick up
your glasses you can see them a lot
better oh yeah yeah so what we're gonna
do is go into this place right here it
looks like Walmart and now we're gonna
buy a bunch of stuff that we don't need
and I see if we must fit it in our
luggage that we don't have space for
hahahaha welcome sir welcome to lumber
my lots of stuff
hey guys look at this air so cool and I
just plug the mic back into the camera
funny one thing that's really funny when
you come into these stores is discontent
and mobbed by people I don't know if
something the culture or what but every
time we come in one of these by nine
people that dislike stand around this
and I don't know maybe they want to help
us so there when I always I appreciate
it
yeah guys another amazing thing that we
did while in mobile is cows on Falls
we're not gonna show too much of it here
but we do have another video for this
one as well so stick around to the end
and we'll have a link for that video
and this morning time to squeeze in our
workout you guys ready to workout with
us
all right let's do it it's time to meet
our local guide Dean doe about hiring a
driver to take us to us lab because we
are over the scary bus ride by this
water by car no car
okay
we booked a driver for tomorrow 2500
pieces the thing we saw a fiend Oh our
guy from the other day and he said 20 mm
okay so now he's talking to his friend
to see if he's gonna do it
so if he does it received 10 bucks from
the other driver that was gonna take it
okay
bye Dino say bye
after we negotiated with Dean doe we had
to go and tell our other driver that we
weren't going to need him for - all
right very very sad
we're getting ready to check out of our
hotel and pay forty five hundred pesos
now on the island its cash only and I
guess they're gonna turn the power off
today if there's no power
that means the ATMs not working which
means we don't have enough money to
check out
so we're scrambling thing all this
together to see if we can have enough to
give them check out this record and
we're doing a math lesson one sky how
must you know credit cards makes it hard
so yeah we just can't do what we had in
pesos but we have us money 3000 in u.s.
so the u.s. is okay we'll give you the
balance okay nice and good news for her
birthday for everybody
all right we are officially checking out
a pothole gotta get someone starts in
in our travels and the taxi down to
OWSLA that there's an ATM that works we
need to pay him 2000 to get there we
need Nathan atm
yes all right secret one it's working
money
we got the money now we're functional
again not scraping by a penny you want
me to send it back
in our survive the typhoon video we
thought we were gonna die on the bus
ride from Cebu to Moab lol that scary
bus ride was $11 to get a private driver
this time this ride was $38 and so worth
the money we felt safe and knew we were
gonna make it to us club in one piece if
you guys liked our videos make sure you
subscribe to our YouTube channel follow
us on Instagram and like us on Facebook
oh yeah and don't forget to hit the
notification bar and whatever you do
make sure you get out there and try
something
