one of the most common is hearing a lady
crying the apparitions have been seen
all around the camp there's also a
headless priest people have claimed to
wake up at 3 a.m. to see a lady standing
over their beds completely soaked in blood it
is said that this man will actually
cling to the women that he likes and
follow them all for up the Teacher's Camp
feel free to follow us back to our cabin
we are spending the night here in the
hopes of communicating and we welcome
you into that cabin with us
I had thank you for tuning into Amy's
Crypt I'm coming at you from Baguio
and I am here to investigate one of the
most notorious and haunted places in the
Philippines the Teacher's Camp you guys
haven't done so already make sure to
subscribe because I'm spending the night
in this very haunted cabin and I will be
doing a lot of paranormal investigations
but for today's video I'm going to take
you around the teachers camp to explore
to its history ghost stories and also
going to be hanging out till nighttime
to reach out to a very creepy ghost who
is a man that is sent to follow young
women so stay tuned the teachers camp
lies in Baguio of the Philippines and
has a history spanning more than 100
years in its past it has been a
battleground but today it is used to
host getaways conferences and retreats
with affordable accommodation many also
claim it to be one of the most haunted
places in the country with countless
visitors experiencing terrifying
encounters with the paranormal it is not
uncommon for those who stay at the
teacher's camp to hear strange noises
sight spirits or feel the unwelcome
presence of something unseen the spirit
of a woman who roams the camp crying has
been reported by many as well as that of
a headless priest even scarier than this
however is the blood-soaked woman who
appears at people's bed sites waking
them in the middle of the night or their
sometimes aggressive male spirit that is
known to follow women back to their
cabins for this video we plan to stay
the night at the infamous teacher's camp
to attempt to document any of this
strange activity for ourselves all right
guys I'm very very excited to show you
where I'm spending the night tonight
we're in Cabin of Cottage 206 of the
teachers can
here in the Philippines this place is
supposed to be insanely horn took one of
the most haunted places in the country
and a lot of paranormal activities said
to happen here
Scrooge's also really creepy inside so
I'm super excited to show you around all
right this is not the first time I have
stayed and once it happened but this
place looks really cool and we have it
all to ourselves which is nice
my other haunted cabin experience was
the Glen level hostel in Ireland and
that place had no electricity or running
water this place does there's a little
bit luxurious free here and it's pretty
good we've got the fridge
there is one power point in this whole
cottage so we have everything plugged in
trying to get that all going and all
charged up for tonight and it's really
cool that we actually have a kitchen
that's kind of rare to find a
combination with a decent kitchen
fireplace finish it's really cool it's
like major cabin feel to us I'm also
wearing my Friday the 15th jet tonight
because this place reminds me a lot of
like at Camp Crystal Lake sort of
campground
so we have these cute little beds Mira
a chest of drawers we have the bathroom
it's pretty basic but it's actually
maybe not the worst part that we've had
oh no troubles here accent back over
here this place actually has two
bedrooms
room two it's also really really cold in
two so three single beds and this place
is a campground so all of the
accommodation is very basic in camp like
we did get our own room because we're
going to pick up all night investigating
but this place mostly has a lot of
dormant true style or combination but
we'll go around and look at some other
buildings here you just said
teachers camps really weird those were
still cabins and dorms and there's big
cool buildings everywhere and we don't
know if people live here or they desert
and it was odd to book in here as well
to stay like we weren't sure of any
teachers are supposed to stay or anyone
can but I guess if they don't have full
cabins from events and whatnot
anyone could kind of stay if you call
them up place is really quite large and
it's interesting I've never actually
been anywhere kind of like this I guess
I didn't do that many school pants
there's got a lot of cool buildings like
this one just behind me looks a little
bit spooky and it has those really big
long stairs I was also interested a cool
amphitheater so I mean they probably do
performances and all sorts of stuff here
I know they do a lot of seminars
educational things for teachers and
whatnot so you know I don't expect some
some of that kind of stuff here or in
all the big holes that they have around
here sure they do a lot of that kind of
lectures and whatnot
so this one here is just the
amphitheater it's really cool so just
walk around the campus
actually a really beautiful place it's a
lot of gardens we just worked for an
amphitheater a lot of different
buildings and it covers a lot of ground
there's so many good stories here as
though it's gonna it's gonna be a big
job trying to investigate tonight so all
the cabins buildings and all the
different structures here seem to center
around this one running field this place
has actually got an interesting ghost
story associated with it so we will be
heading down there later when it's dark
to investigate the ghost story with that
one is I say extremely creepy so I'm a
little bit freaked out about that place
but I mean in the day looks alright
there's some nice sunflowers and stuff
around alright I want you to give you
guys a rundown of a little bit of the
history of the teachers camp this place
is actually pretty old opened in 1908 as
a training facility for American
teachers in the Philippines today it is
still used mostly for religious getaways
sporting activities and there's also a
lot of field trips a lot of kids that
make their way here on camps this place
has a massive amount of ghost stories
and it's strange because there's not a
lot of historical context as to why some
of these odd stories exist but there has
been that many people that have claimed
to have paranormal experiences by
staying here that it makes this place
really interesting to paranormal
investigators or anyone interested in
the paranormal such as myself
it also backs on to what is probably the
most haunted house in the Philippines
it's very famous here in biggio the
lateral White House we're trying to get
access to that one but I'm not sure that
we'll be able to but that place looks
amazingly spooky too so some of the most
old and well-known ghost stories here of
people hearing strange noises
particularly in their houses cottages
and cabins here one of the most common
is hearing a lady crying but there's
also a vast array of other types of
disembodied voices and sounds that
people have heard while staying here
there's also apparitions that have been
seen all around the camp these include a
lady in white so we've got a classic
white lady here which is awesome there's
also a headless priest so I'm really
interested to know what his backstory
would be or if we can capture a glimpse
of him tonight probably the most
disturbing apparition that people have
encountered here will claim to have seen
during this day is I don't know if it's
a sleep paralysis related thing or what
but a lot of people have claimed to wake
up at 3 a.m. to see a lady standing next
to the bed completely soaked in blood
and that's just terrifying to think of
to wake up to so I'm going to recount a
couple of other stories that people
staying here have claimed to have
experienced so one of those was a couple
of kids were scared to staying in this
you know haunted teachers camp so they
pushed through their beds together in
one of the dormitories and they had
heard a rumor that someone had committed
suicide in that dormant dormitory so
maybe it was that they was so scared of
that that they had this experience or
maybe something paranormal actually
happened to them but two of them
separately claimed to have felt heavy
breathing going down their back and
hearing it around their ears
late at night so that's kind of
disturbing we also have another story
where people claimed that a locked up
piano that was sealed there's no way it
could be playing was playing music
quite nice music actually they said but
it was just go see an area that any
sound will be coming from that piano
there's a couple of other stories we
have cases of sleepwalking we have cases
of possession here and maybe the
creepiest story of all is known as the
lovesick Edgar OTT now that is a
hopefully I'm pronouncing that correctly
but that is a ethnic group here in the
mountains of the Philippines and it said
that there is one man here that lurks
around these fields sort of where I'm
sitting it is said that this man will
actually cling to the women that he
likes and follow them all throughout
this the teachers can so much so even
follows them back to where they are
sleeping and watches them sleep and
these women that have been followed
claimed to have seen him and experienced
vast amount of paranormal activity so
that's definitely one of the spirits
that I'm particularly interested in
tonight
all right guys we have made it back to
the cabin dude there's so many stairs it
is quite a walk to get anywhere in the
teacher's camp it's very large and we're
gonna hang out here until I get stuck
out and head back out probably to that
field area and I want to call out to the
ghost who is the man that has said to
follow women I know this might sound
crazy but I actually kind of want him to
follow me back to the cabin we were
investigating tonight really hoping to
capture something or experienced
paranormal activity that is why I do
what I do I want to learn and experience
things from the paranormal world so call
me crazy if you will but you should make
for a good video Jared's out of all the
kids trying to set up the GoPro for a
time-lapse they're playing badminton and
he's probably thinking nope that's not a
spot how about this one if he leaves
here ooh a nice rock yep I'll spin that
rock around he's very committed to his
work hmm how does this thing work again
oh I've got it
bit wobbly she'll be right perfect nope
a little to the left almost there oh I
didn't switch it on I know this is
taking an extremely long time little did
we know that during this very time lapse
it would pick up on our first piece of
strange evidence our GoPro was set up to
take a photograph every 10 seconds as
the Sun was setting we captured a few
dogs running past in a number of frames
but also one frame that appeared to show
something strange and semi-transparent
in front of the door to our cabin you'll
notice by showing two frames side by
side that one photo has captured
something that appears to obscure the
light it is strange as it only shows in
this one frame and doesn't appear to be
the door opening or something solid
standing by the door although I cannot
conclusively say this is paranormal
it does look strange and I am not sure
what it could be can you explain this
curious anomaly please leave me a
comment below all right guys so it's
dark out now very creepy and we're gonna
head back out to that area where the
really weird ghost that follows women is
said to look and see if we can make a
contact and maybe get him following me
all right guys so we just made it to the
area that ow creepy male ghost said to
follow women exists so we're just gonna
walk around for a bit it's the area that
I'm eating this close to a road so it's
a little bit louder but this server and
I go into quieter it should get too out
of reach out also the darker seems to be
getting so might try spirit box I might
just call out to him and let's just see
what happens
guys I'm in a bit more of an opening
area now in the teacher's camp and I've
did read online that this was one of the
areas that this ghost has been sighted
so a lot of people have came to see his
apparition and there's been numerous
reports that he hangs around this area
so I thought that this was the perfect
place to reach out and try and do a
spirit box session to
I'm gonna reach out to our ghost known
as the lovesick eager OTT and this
person is supposedly a very lonely male
that follows females to extend that
he'll follow you home and watch you
sleep whilst you're staying and the
teachers can so it's pretty creepy we're
gonna try and reach you out and see if
maybe he'll follow me
hello my name is Amy is there love 16 I
heard that there is a male spirit here
who is lonely and likes to follow
females
okay so some people may ask why I'm
reaching out in English especially since
normally in my videos I reach out in the
local tongue that is because almost 80%
of the population in the Philippines
speaks English and it has been that way
for a fairly long time I don't have a
lot of background information on this
ghost and how long they've occupied this
land but I thought since I speak English
and I will be terrible at speaking
Filipino I fought best to reach out in
English in addition this place was built
to train us teachers so maybe if there
are any spirits around they will be
familiar with English this is supposedly
a Filipino ghost though so I have no
idea what language they would speak you
did hear a response feel free to drop me
a comment with what you heard well news
lives behind you just lick it off and
again
did you affect the lighting behind me
can you do that again
now someone's picked wrong switch
I would likely say it's not alright so
I'm about to move away from this area to
go explore other areas if there are any
spirits around at the teacher's camp
that wish to communicate or make their
presence known I don't mean you any harm
and I'm open to hear from you I'm not
scared of you if you would like to
communicate don't be shy please feel
free to follow us back to our cabin we
are spending the night here in the hopes
of communicating and we welcome you into
that cabin with us alright guys so we're
just walking around teacher's camp
seeing if anything happens and now some
dude has come on over a loudspeaker and
I don't know what he's saying he's
saying things in Filipino it just sounds
weird and odd and out of place kind of
like everything yeah what kind of want
to know what he's saying
alright guys so we're on our way back to
the cabin where we're going to start a
lot of our paranormal investigations but
tonight I just want to stop here at the
stream and that cuts for the teachers so
you guys might see it below me and I
just like to point this out because a
lot of people believe that water
conducts spiritual energy and that a lot
of the times the most haunted places are
the ones near large bodies of water or
have a water source and water running
freedom so does what it is interesting
to see this here since this place is
supposedly so hated those worker Serbs
in for the night something falling off a
shelf by the kitchen who are you who is
in this cabinet of us that's kind of
scary because they're sleeping yet
seriously what was that noise how creepy
did that sound who may our get the
Whydah spot from this room just
completely covered in blood did you just
make a noise could you make that noise
again are there any spirits in this
okay guys I really want to know have you
ever been to a haunted summer camp or
one that has any horror stories if you
have let me know in the comments below
if you do want to see more of the
teachers camp at night or our paranormal
investigation in the cabin that we are
staying in or maybe if this ghost has
followed me make sure that you
subscribed because I have a part two
video coming out really soon if you did
enjoy this video though please remember
to Like comment share and subscribe you
want to do any more reading on this
haunted location or others that I
visited head to amyscrypt.com you
guys gonna also find me at Amy's Crypt
on Facebook Twitter and Instagram until
next time
