what is going on guys welcome back the
channel you guys know what is man it's
gavel yeah it's careful okay man so I
don't know I think you guys know
happiness crossing man you guys know
happiness crossing I don't have miss
crossing man well anyways man they drop
this video it's called hundred four
dollars a month in the Philippine cost
of living for foreigners man okay when I
saw this video Alan
yo I gotta check this video out because
you guys you guys know I'm coming to
Philippines and was staying for a couple
months
couple months and I hope hope that
happiness Carson still there and I hope
that we can connect and meet up over
there man that's that's my hope that's
my dream
but anyways man and also the cost of
living man because when I get over there
I'm stuck like I said we spend a couple
months and I'm trying to keep the cost
low as possible man you know I mean low
low low the better man well anyway is
something like again watch this video
and see how much it actually been
costing because I know they've been over
there for about four months five months
now I think point four five months and
let's see how much it's costing them cuz
it for hundreds a month I wanna see that
shoot anyways let's go
and I was just forty bucks an American
probably American this is find out I
don't gonna quickly pause this man but
this is something I want to experience
when I come back to the Philippe's man
this is like living life this is life
like in Canada everyone's on their phone
everyone's just checking Instagram
Facebook that's it
no one's actually living but this is
living life happiness processing hey are
you interested in moving to the
Philippines and you wanna know how much
you will spend yes life here or maybe
you just use you know how much we expend
every month here in the Philippines yes
in today's video we're gonna share with
you our monthly expenses here in this
amazing beautiful country that we call
Philippines so we actually voted on our
Instagram account which bTW you guys
would prefer to watch and you guys voted
come on Fernando I will say that
Fernanda if you ever watch this Matt I
love the new look Matt I love to look
makes it look so much younger man a
little more attractive tell you that
anybody they love the camera lady they
love the camera and this could be that
you guys now before we start right away
with this video we launched our website
where we where we share amazing and
important travel tips with you guys in
blog posts and you can actually assign
them to a newsletter email list with
happiness crossing so we let you guys
know every time we upload another video
or another blog post and also you're
gonna get a lifetime there percent
discount to purchase our beautiful merch
and travel products and our eco friendly
shop so let's dive into the media now so
this monthly expenses gonna be divided
in six different topics the first one is
going to be of course accommodation
which is very important the second one
is gonna be shopping / grocery shopping
food shopping the third one is gonna be
food / fun which is going out of the
food going out for drinks the fourth
topic is gonna be the laundry we don't
do throw long very often but we're gonna
include in this topic here this is very
important for five movie
we spent for the pizza every month here
living in the Philippines and the six
point is our monthly expenses having a
local number that is pretty important
phone yeah so as I said the first topic
is going to be the accommodation once we
are staying here in Manila usually we
stand for a long period of time and we
found it really easy to rent some place
that we can stay the whole month so
you're really important so this place
here for example is there every week
here we pay usually 700 pizzas every
night and that's gonna be around 20,000
pesos accommodation we have everything
included here we have electricity we
have Wi-Fi connection we have a double
bed we also have that it's really
important the kitchen that we can cook
our food and save some money it is
definitely more expensive to stay in
hotels every night so sometimes it does
get more okay just just one something a
little the video said for two dollars
but so far their living expenses is $385
man holy shit $85 or rates just for
living expenses likes to stay somewhere
for a month damn so let's see what it
got for $15 left man what it gonna get
for 15 bucks expensive when we travel
rather than staying in Manila for a
month
so I think if you're planning to move to
the Philippines definitely make sure
that you find a nice place that you like
and rent it for at least a month though
the second topic is going to be shopping
/ groceries so as we say shopping is
usually for us just going to supermarket
and buy food cooking at home every know
that it definitely makes it
easier to save money for us oh my god
there's a boy Jeff oh my god
that was slate just casually strolls in
Jeff you kill me Matt oh my god can get
expensive and unhealthy because if you
cook at home it is healthy and
definitely definitely more portable
eight thousand pesos we spent a month
okay and I'm cooking here in the
everyday which we really enjoy but I do
we are very young and healthy and full
of energy sometimes it's a way to cook
at home or we like to go out and catch
up with some friends go to the cinema
and you guys just had to do that man
I remember this was that night was
amazing man almost almost Salinas has
food and fun we spend around 10,000
cases every month yes go ahead for food
or karaoke or having some drinks or
doing something that so the fourth topic
is going to be laundry which we don't do
very often
yeah we just do it once the cloth starts
you get hard we calculated 500 pesos for
laundry which is twice a month doing
only 250 pesos each time to travel we
stay in hotels and they offer use do the
laundry for you and a great team with
your other one is just watch it in the
shower
need to go that's right it subsided
topping off today is gonna be the pizza
our expenses with the diesel all the
first couple of times that you go and
extend your visa gets a little bit more
expensive but after a while you need a a
lien card that is gonna give you
different prices for the pizza it's an
ID card that you have while you're
traveling the Philippines so this alien
card costs us around 1,500 pesos and now
every time that we want to extend our
visa we're gonna pay twenty thousand
four hundred cases per month and
portable and it's also a reason why more
digital nomads should come to the
Philippines and I've decided to live
here because when we live Indonesia for
example it was way more expensive and
you have to leave the country every two
months just to refresh the visa really
the alien car you can stay in the
country without leaving and just
extending your visa okay to thirty six
months six is gonna be the forward of
course that's really important if you're
traveling Philippines on your sim card
you need a local level people can call
you
you can cook I think I lost mine I had a
local suit card but honestly I lost I
have no idea where I put that so I'm
definitely I would pick one up again
from the airport when I come over there
all the hotels or friends or at least
have data on your phone so you're not
completely lost you can download bread
and use it whatever you want
we'll check it out the man so it's
really pretty important if you have a
local number 999 pedals yeah 1000 pesos
and it gives you unlimited data for a
whole month
Plus unlimited calls to the same phone
company which we have to below
especially if you travel you need data
sometimes you're not gonna have Wi-Fi
that's right Wi-Fi connection and
although putting all the expenses
together we usually spend every month in
average remembering every time we state
Manila we usually try to save as much
money as we can but if you're struggling
sometimes you spend a little bit more
sometimes you spend a little bit less
yes is a little bit different you cannot
count with exact amount of money every
month so in average here we spend forty
thousand nine hundred pieces 90 u.s.
dollars Oh curated by two because we're
two people as you can see here we spent
three hundred and ninety five oh okay
that that is not bad honestly
yo I was thinking honestly honestly I'm
like okay I'm one of the Philippines for
like three months I was like thinking
okay Kevin you probably gonna need least
six grand that's what I honestly thought
my Kevin you like six grand it's for me
saving just one person to stay for three
months I'm like watching this I'm like
oh what only seven hundred and ninety
dollars for two of them I'm gonna be set
man we're living like a king over there
but what did that video and that's
really affordable you know it's very
interesting to see what you can get for
your money in other countries folks I
will solve these Asian countries here s
the Philippines it's crazy I would
definitely recommend the Philippines to
other digital nomads people that live
from their laptops that wander
billions a different country it's a
beautiful country or lovely people we
totally love it here we've been living
and traveling in the Philippines since
four months and we can totally recommend
it to everyone else if you want some
more tips about how to become a digital
nomad please leave us a comment down
below any would you not just share our
tips and secrets follow your dreams
follow your passion and that's right
that's right
it's gonna make you ain't know what you
travel around the world when you please
subscribe to our Channel
no baby already now we 95 every time we
upload in your video visit our website
happiness crossing gone have been is
disgusting
my god oh my god you guys are amazing
man I did not know I also did not know
that they were gonna put me at the end
of the video that honestly yo you guys
touched me man oh I saw why I love it'll
absolutely love these two men
these two are some of the greatest
people you could ever meet you see them
on a camera you meet them in person
they're the exact same thing man I am
Telling You there are some great people
and I am so happy to watch their channel
every single day man
I may not comment every day okay but I
do watch them every single day and I
enjoy their videos man the entertaining
they're funny
the great people man I keep saying that
did I say they're great people they are
great people eat thank you guys and I'll
definitely order some more do you guys
haven't checked them out man go check
out happiness cross and then go support
them they're wonderful people Matt I
know I said that many times but this is
our man go check him out anyways thank
you guys for tell me what to look for
when I when I head over to the
Philippines because this videos and all
your videos are so helpful man I know
I'm planning to the island hopping thing
and I really do hope you guys gonna be
there in December when I get over there
man because that's my what's my plan to
get over there in December I don't know
if I'm going by myself yet or if I'm
going the family or if I am bring the
white I don't know yet well we'll find
out in December be surprised okay if you
guys like the video man get the video
big thumbs up you guys loved the video
hit that subscribe button down below man
turn that post notification bells on
catch you guys next right peace
