yo what's up everybody jump boy junior
in right now we're about to check out
day six just came back again they're
going to one every other month or every
month I mean my bad but this one is you
were beautiful like what just happened
he says you were like past tense you
were beautiful
what happened along the way not you not
beautiful anymore I don't know what's
anyways I've been feeling day six has
come back so now and now this is you
were beautiful I wait is you are
beautiful let's get it let's begin thank
you guys for recommending it again for
telling me on Twitter if you don't
follow me on twitter follow me it's Dre
follow me on Twitter but yeah thank you
those who told me like oj six are coming
out and also a lot of things to come
down but yeah thank you so much I really
do appreciate thank you as always and
yet let's begin what's good let's begin
yes let Jake eat let's forget honestly
it's probably gonna be a different sound
from the last one my heart that these
are all connected to like
congratulations to you know bond or not
listen only singing - y'all will be
blessings bro
my little bit dusty no you're my
birthday so this a girl oh you got that
Starbucks I mean they probably know like
gonna sponsor bottomless
[Music]
we'll see during that way I'm sure you
have as a team
say yunkai oh he's a memory right No
[Music]
you'd like that lumping almost no girl
eat your baby but you still dumb
[Music]
my god
is it making memories where do that
I mean snowy how does your mind because
that'll get this Oh Instagram pics
[Music]
let's go definitely slows down from the
last song it's more meaningful obviously
I mean it's nothing like that the other
ones are not meaningful but okay you're
after your family
Oh playing with a camera oh oh okay we
don't have a tool okay
karaoke it's just her oh she's watching
yourself since dad was recording
[Music]
sorry Sabrina talking Oh Oh be in the
way they all okay with all people heck
do you like pickles mr. Vyse you like
pickles or not because I don't like
pickles I feel like it's like oh that's
like a multiset yeah and he straight-up
blast me with water it sees where he's
from mm always man like
[Music]
really young I've never really do dig
karaoke
fun fact patient oh he knows this here -
he said he low-key why them to be
painted
[Music]
because our you know basic is pretty
refreshing you get your gay let's get
eat hello you see it's because we will
make hey not hungry thank you I don't
know wonder what your son don't need of
doesn't get respect
let me whether these are cute I mean
that happens in relationship you can't
be perfect but as long as you talk it
out that's right
but if it just doesn't work out just a
WOM game P if it isn't work out there to
work out no sense
oh no oh damn oh my god really get hard
the girl like she didn't get it yet you
got cute these are cute
he's got you last moment these are the
type of couple that Holly's nutrition
like oh okay keep it yourself
nah
[Music]
at least like literally a young elisheba
nasty looking back it looks like puppy
love America you were beautiful but damn
that was kind of beautiful I know I
talked throughout the whole thing but my
apologies for that but yo they say it's
coming back with that little
beautifulness like that you were
beautiful like town y'all that you y'all
ugly now it's always nice to see and the
fact that they're coming back each month
that's what I say right it's just a
refreshingness to music I feel like I
mean this other bet there's other groups
that you know I play with a there is
actual band but uh I do favor day6 for
real yeah and that's what I just want to
say it was a basing a look
she was looking back on my life it seems
like right oh yeah a hashtag let J eat
again great job day fix I just want to I
can't wait to see the album as a whole
and I'm pretty sure it's going to pre
it's going to be a masterpiece oh yeah
keep on supporting day six link in
description to the full music video go
send some love over there send that send
some junior you camo love to say like a
jerry camel or dre brought me or some
like there you know I just like Pino
share the love
I mean you are beautiful okay why I say
that I don't know thank you guys for
watching like this video share this
video and subscribe this your boy Jerry
and follow me on Twitter if you haven't
it's at its Dre follow me on Twitter
thanks for the recommendations to the
people on Twitter and don't follow me
and tweet at me every day now sometimes
I can't catch up with every you know
tweet because it does I do get a lot but
it is nice to know that people do remind
me one times I do forget but uh yeah I
love you guys and thank you
love y'all my six beautiful people
listen to kpop it feels good keep on
dreaming dreamers dream believe do
repeat if you have a dream out there you
have a goal out there put some hard work
into it it might just come true but
don't just stop there if you have a
dream and you reach that dream make
another one reach that next level go to
the next level
don't ever stop don't ever you know
don't ever limit yourself yeah sorry oh
bye for now okay
my hashtag let je come on let's go hey
you better subscribe oh good I woke up a
shot straight looking no Bach pages long
getting drunk dumb when she come from
but you bad don't gotta hit up from the
back flow oh good a coffee pop my 7:30
south hello is gonna come inside
[Music]
