and there is your bacon kids  on this
episode of trynsomethingnew new we explore the
beautiful island of Coron and show you
our favorite places to see alright
today's a really really big day for us
we've got our first huge tour heading
into some really cool tropical places
and now we have this great guy named
Eric who's been kind of with us for the
last couple days and Eric is taking us
to the market so we can fuel up before
we go on this crazy tour and this is
where all the locals are this is exactly
what we've been looking for for a long
time so here we go
this is Eric right here he's showing us
around all right so we have to come to
this market and get all of our stuff for
the tour today does include lunch so we
have to provide our 797 feet 100
this market was huge and where the local
shop this is what we love to do we're
vegetarians so we scoped out all the
fruit stands and stocked up for a day of
adventure
for us it's really important to connect
with locals and not just be tourists if
we never met Eric we would have missed
out on all of these cool opportunities
that was pretty amazing I think
we have to go rent some snorkels for the
day we just went inside and got a
snorkel so yeah I think it's a 150 pesos
and since I messed up my sunglasses my
hundred and fifty dollar stupid
sunglasses Jimmy me yet I need a new
pair and these are hundred pesos which
is too much that's more of my Ally
because I always wanted
we may go away all right we arrived down
at the docks here for our little private
tour there were thousands and thousands
and thousands of sardines laid out in
the Sun to dry I'm not really sure what
they were gonna do with them afterwards
so if anybody knows let me know in the
comments below
make away so along this whole trip we're
looking for these authentic real
experiences where we meet up with locals
and get into areas that are kind of off
the beaten path and really try something
new and now we're doing it it feels like
we're trying something new for sure so
very relaxing very chill very fun
there's the scooter driver tour guide a
boat captain everything
Hey first fun was beautiful a ton of
world good amount of fish Nixon love it
very impressed that when I took my best
dog dog down to about 10 feet and that's
pretty cool hopefully next scent ain't
good low deeper and deeper and deeper
got a build on my confidence a little
bit high and Ginn Lake was amazing and
so picturesque we fell in love but make
sure you watch to the end because we
saved the best spot for less
one of my favorite things to do is walk
from boat to boat to get to the shore
okay the Sun is coming out I was praying
to the Sun gods because that's really
when you see the most beautiful view of
the water Sun is out
this is the cleanest and most famous
lake in Asia there's a mixture of
saltwater and freshwater up there so
almost there really the Cayenne lookout
is probably one of the most famous spots
to grab a picture for Instagram all
right I think we're almost here singing
I'm a Barbie girl likes a little bit but
it's good oh I'm so excited right now
this is what I've been waiting for this
is seriously can't wait
never again
what do you think this is an amazing
Lake July feds caught in a hole in the
limestone cliffs I wanted to check it
out we on the other hand were a little
hesitant but we have to follow their
lead and try something okay this is what
it's about doing this kind of cool cool
stuff what do you guys think all right
we came to the lake we saw the lake we
went on the lake we went a little cavern
over there that was tucked into really
cool definitely won lots of a kind
experience
guys what any mother is buying at a
Capitan told us this crazy story about
how the locals had lived in this house
for generations if anybody has any
knowledge about this house or how these
people live let us know in the comments
below
one of the kids dropped the rented
snorkel and we watched it sink to the
bottom in slow motion so we asked El
Capitan if he thought he could dive down
to get it nope it was too deep oh well
we had to pay for the sunken snorkel
this location was super cool we had to
swim for about 30 minutes to get to this
Hidden Cove the kids obviously did not
want to leave
my god all right so this is why we told
you to stick around this private beach
was unbelievable in our favorite
location okay all right so how are you
feeling right now I feel amazing
right because right where we are right
now is exactly why we came to the
Philippines
why don't come back okay took us a week
to get here okay to find this we have
found it the crystal clear blue waters
the white sandy beach the beautiful
sweet people of the Philippines man and
the karaoke in this Hut right at the
karaoke we're out in the middle of no
limestone cliffs
the kids are having an amazing time
playing in the beach we have the beach
pretty much to ourselves that is
unbelievable this is this is exactly
what we wanted and that's why we want
families to know parents to know you can
bring your family and it is nothing we
haven't really spent a fraction of what
we would have is knowing oh god did he
like this this tour boat for the day and
our private guy and our taxi driver
that's been with us for three days now
was pretty much about 50 bucks yeah give
or take you know 50 bucks to be here
let's just show more at 50 bucks
so we're quickie bus to us take what you
what you want
thank you this the chip man came to our
rescue thank you
okay
that's a wrap for today our most amazing
day ever loved it loved it loved it
loved it loved our captain Eric that
came along with us made it super fun
laid-back the kids had fun beautiful day
on the water
beautiful day on the water
there couldn't have been a better way to
end this day hearing the laughter from
these cute kids as we drove away what is
on Instagram like this on Facebook
subscribe to YouTube
