[Music]
today we'll look at an overview of the
visa process for Vietnam the good news
is that it is I'll tell you right up
front the good news is that it is a
simpler process and less expensive than
the visa process you're probably used to
there in the Philippines first question
I'm usually asked is whether or not in
onward ticket is required with the
Philippines when you enter the
Philippines you need an onward ticket
doesn't mean have to be a return ticket
although that'll work too but you just
have to show that you have a ticket
flying out of the Philippines within 30
days that is not required with Vietnam
so you don't need an onward ticket to
enter Vietnam now what you do need is
two things you need a passport a valid
passport now your passport should have
more than six months of validity on it
so if your passport is going to expire
in five months you cannot enter Vietnam
you need to get a new passport so in all
reality your passport and this applies
across the board to most countries in
all reality your passport even if it's
good for 10 years is really only good
for nine and a half years because after
nine and a half years again they want to
see more than six months of validity
before the expiration date on there okay
so you're gonna need your passport and
something you will need that you
normally don't need with the Philippines
is a visa letter
okay now the visa letter is not the visa
itself it's think of it sort of like a
letter of invitation somebody within
Vietnam is saying you are invited to
Vietnam you can kind of think of it like
that
so this visa letter is not expensive
most places it's about anywhere from
twenty-five to thirty
five dollars I will put a place here on
the screen that I recommend I'm doing an
affiliate link with them so they're kind
of like helping sponsor the the channel
here so any business you do with them
you know a little bit like six bucks or
something goes to the channel here
there's plenty of other places you can
check out in fact I did my visa letter
with a different company that only
charged twenty bucks that was the nice
part they said they would have it within
48 hours a week later I still didn't
have my visa letter which is supposed to
come to you through email so after about
two weeks I was still asking for the
visa letter and they claimed that they
had scented this and that and finally
finally after a whole lot of emailing I
got my visa later so I I don't recommend
that company in fact I won't even give
you their name but this other one here
that you see on the screen they're
they're highly recommended there again
you can look at all their different
mentions with Trip Advisor and and
different other groups you know they're
a professional outfit they've been
around so they can take care of you
their prices are there now the again the
first thing you'll need is a visa letter
now the visa letter you'll fill out a
form and using the information you put
on that form they will then type up
present to the Vietnam government get
the stamp and then send you back the
visa letter okay this is not the visa
this is the visa letter remember it's a
two-step process so usually that takes
about 48 hours or so and what you will
get is a color PDF now what I did just
to make sure everything went smooth I
took the color PDF that they sent me
down to the print shop unless you have
your own printer and print it in color
it's no where does it really say it has
to be in color but the entire thing is
printed in black and white and it is
stamped with a red stamp so I wanted
that red stamp to be red just so that
there's no no weirdness at the last
minute okay so I would recommend that
you print it out printed out in colors
so that the red government stamp on
there shows up as red on the black and
white document okay so you'll get that
in the mail now that's about like I said
25 35 bucks right about there the second
step is done when you actually arrive at
the airport now when you arrive at the
airport you've got your visa letter me I
like having you know a contingency for
if things got weird
I always print two copies I print two
copies of my tenor Eric one goes in the
backpack ones in my pocket with the visa
letter I had two copies of it there in
my backpack just in case one got mangled
or they lost it or anything just you
know I could say oh okay I got another
one here you know I mean it's like 20
cents so to print it so good insurance
so when you get to the airport you will
then walk over to the the visa or they
call it like the visa on arrival and you
walk to the immigration desk which is
there in the airport you hand them this
form and then you pay for whatever
actual visa that you're gonna get so
that's step two first is the visa letter
second is the actual visa which you will
pay directly to the Immigration
Department at the airport now important
thing this visa letter that you're
getting is for an air arrival this is
not if you're gonna land in Thailand and
then come across by a bus
this is for landing at any one of three
airports the three airports that you can
do an air arrival for are Hanoi Danae
and Ho Chi Minh City
there are other airports but these are
the three that have an immigration
office where you can use your visa
letter for a visa on arrival so just
stick to the plan don't don't come in by
bus or anything like that just take one
of those three airports with your visa
letter go to immigration hand it to them
and he'll tell you how much it costs and
I'll put the cost right up here on the
screen
and then you just pay for the the visa
time that you're gonna want now as far
as visa time a lot of you have asked you
know well well how long can I get it a
visa for can I stay there long term you
know all this now there are short-term
visas which are anywhere from one to
three months and I believe on any of
those short ones
no exit is required you can just go in
and stay for the period and then when
you leave you leave again that's like
one two three months now the next one
the six-month and the one year visa you
can check out the frequently asked
questions there or we can talk about it
more in the comment section but due to
the notation it has at the bottom which
says American tour or American citizens
American citizens can get a six month in
a one-year visa now I took that to mean
Americans only so we'll look into that
more in the comments section but a six
month or a one-year visa
definitely the one-year visa it has a
little notation you know for American
citizens so in my case since I'm an
American citizen what I got there's two
choices what I got was the one-year
tourist visa and now there's two types
of one-year tourist visa for Americans
the one is a strictly tourist visa and
with that one you need to exit Vietnam
every three months or every 90 days so I
can stay for a year but within 90 days I
need to take a trip out of Vietnam even
if it's just for an hour a couple hours
and then making their trip right back in
you might wonder well why why do they
have you do that you know why it's so
they know where to find you so if
somewhere in the first three months or
second any part of your stay you commit
a crime and they're looking for you in
order to be compliant with your visa you
need to leave the country come back in
and then they go oh hey so-and-so
committed a crime yeah
you get arrested so it's basically a
check-in/check-out
type things so with the tourist visa you
need to exit every 90 days and it's a
good excuse to just you can take either
a bus ride to Cambodia they have the the
travel agencies have it all set up you
can go to the bus depot over here by Ben
Thanh here in Ho Chi Minh City and you
can just pay the bus and and they'll do
the whole visa stamp everything for you
in fact when you get the one-year visa
they'll put a big stamp it takes up the
whole page right there in your passport
and when you come back around they look
at it they go okay you already paid for
the whole year come on in so the buses
will take you to Cambodia I believe from
Ho Chi Minh City it's something like a
six hour each way and then you can
either go to Cambodia stay a couple
weeks stay a couple days or just get
lunch and then turn around on the bus
and then come right back so you can
satisfy your your visa run that way or
you could just say well heck you know
why not take a flight to Thailand why
not take a flight to langkawi or you
know anywhere in the area go to the
philippines you know for a weekend or
whatever and then you fly back in and
again you wrote your all fine now here's
the good thing when you're doing your
visa runs that's when you can do a land
crossing that's when you can take the
bus but for your first original arrival
you need to arrive by plane when you're
using the visa on-demand visa letter
approach okay now the second type of
one-year visa for an american citizen is
the business visa now the difference
with the business visa is that it's a
little bit more expensive again I'll
show you the prices appear I remember
that the tourist version where you make
the trip out every 90 days that one was
a hundred and thirty five US dollars and
they do prefer that you pay in u.s.
dollars
they will make change but if you've got
exactly a hundred and thirty five
dollars to pay them then makes it all
than what you
I gave him 150 bucks and it gave me
change
they don't do credit card or ATM or none
of that at the immigration office you
need to pay in cash so be prepared to do
that with the business version of the
one-year visa for American citizens with
that one you don't need to exit every 90
days you can just stay continuously
through the whole year now I do have
friends that applied for it they won't
be arriving until next month I can
update you in the comments how it went
for them what the requirements are for
the business visa that I'm still unsure
of I don't know if they want to see a
business license or a business account
so if if you would like the convenience
of not having to do a visa run every 90
days and you're interested in the bit in
the business version of that of that
visa then check back with the comments
and I'll see if I can do some more
research on that it is possible that
they're just not going to make a big
deal about it you just pay the extra
amount and maybe it'll be a fine but
again it would be better to just you
know research it more and we'll talk
about it in the comments but that is
available the visa of the business visa
for one year for American citizens cost
a little bit more but you don't have to
do the visa runs okay so any other
questions you might have again we can
address those in the comments all
together just to do a comparison between
the Philippines and Vietnam when I was
in the Philippines my cost for one year
counting my visa tourist visa renewals
my ACR card just just counting those
fees came usually to about 425 to 450
dollars per year and that was renewing
every two months
you can chip away at that a little bit
if you do a six-month visa or a one-year
visa in the Philippines but for me since
I did it every two months because you
know again I just like to know that if I
did need to go
to California for an emergency I wasn't
going to forfeit you know paying a whole
year in advance but roughly 425 to 450
u.s. dollars a year to stay as a tourist
in the Philippines
not counting the taxi rides and lodge
and you know whatever little you know
extra expenses you you do the photos and
whatever so now in Vietnam I paid again
roughly thirty dollars for the visa
letter and then I paid a hundred and
thirty five dollars to immigration for
the one year tourist visa which requires
the border on every every three months
so total one thirty five and thirty well
even I can do that when one sixty five
so one hundred sixty five dollars for a
one-year visa here now again if you're
from Australia if you're from Europe
whatever then you're gonna have to do
either the three month or the six-month
visa just check it out there at the
website I'll put the link in the
description and I'll also put the link
in the pin to the top of the comments
section so that you can go to their
frequently asked questions you know
section and if your question is an
answer there again you can just you know
click a chat to them and they'll answer
you through email or through chat all
right so that's the general overview and
again we can go through more detail
there in the comment section alright and
if you do end up coming out to Vietnam
again you can get in a flight that lands
and it doesn't have to be Ho Chi Minh
you can land in Ho Chi Minh you can land
into the main you can land in Hanoi if
you like cooler weathers I would suggest
Hanoi that's more to the north if you
like the beach then I would suggest
domain and if you like the city life
then I would suggest Ho Chi Minh City
alright catch you guys later talk to you
in the comment section
[Music]
[Music]
you
