in this video we're going to be
discussing the disappearing Filipino
[Music]
okay so what is the disappearing
Filipino well believe it or not you can
sometimes hire a member of staff from
the Philippines everything sounds great
everything looks like it's gonna go well
and they just don't show up for work it
happens and there's several reasons for
that now for example it could be that
they were interviewing for other jobs at
the same time and they went with the one
that was more attractive to them or it
could be that when they were talking to
you during the interview process they
thought oh my god this person is all
anatec i don't know and to work for them
but they were too shy to actually tell
you up front so you think everything's
gonna head fine suddenly he's don't get
replies to the emails and did all show
up no gladly I have not had that happen
to me but I've heard of other people
this has happened to them but one of the
things that you do have to watch out for
is when setting tasks for your Filipino
staff you have to make sure not everyone
is the same but you know this is quite
common you have to make sure that they
understand the job that you're asking
them to do that you've explained it well
and that they understand and feel
comfortable doing it now one of the
things I would see is very very
important is that you stress them that
they're learning how to do is this job
you're teaching them how to do it it may
not get it perfect first time but ask
any questions there's no dumb questions
get the question asked just know or any
point if you don't know what's going on
just see so I can help you do it because
at the end of the day if it's a brand
new task and I've never done it before
then they're not going to be an expert
at it they're not going to know how to
do it but if you like to set them up
with her here I want you to do the
following thing don't feel like explain
it expect them to go off and do her and
leave them to it and then all of a
sudden they're like oh I can do this
task or how am I ever going to explain
that I'm not able to do it so a lot of
Filipinos are actually quite shy about
coming forward and saying I didn't
and what was going on could you please
help me and so on so you have to stress
that it's not a problem for them to ask
you questions and how to do things they
don't understand something by all means
come back and ask you how you do it no
training is key to a lot of the stuff
every new job and every new task you do
you really want to make sure that you've
put together some kind of training for
it well that'd be you recording yourself
doing on screen or giving a
comprehensive PDF if it's a short task
or something quite easy to do I
generally take a screenshot point a
couple arrows at her put one two three
four five and then just explain what I
wanted to do in that order and that
generally doesn't quite well for them to
go and do it but again I've heard of
people who've been working a weekly
thing with the Filipino staff for three
four weeks and then all of a sudden
disappeared and their and generally
speaking it's turned out that it's being
a task that's just been too hard or not
something that they could do or maybe
the misinterpreted during the interview
what actual Filipino staff member can do
so for example I have find on when I'm
on job sites and so on that they'll see
oh yes I can do the following
oh yes I can do that or best in the
world with this you know well very good
at that and what you tend to find is
that yes for the core things that you
can do they are very very good at or
some of the other things we'll see oh
yes I can do it doesn't necessarily mean
I actually can do it any decent standard
don't really know how to do it it may be
that they've done at one time several
years ago and oh yeah I can do that Oh
finally I'm not again I forget y'all for
that but of course if you're suddenly
thinking ah well they can do this they
can do that that'll be great but you
didn't actually ask them then you will
find that some of them are embarrassed
to tell you they can actually do the
thing that you want to do so they just
disappear on you so one of the things I
do which I find quite helpful as once
I've hired someone done all interview
process and very confident the other a
person for the specific job I then I
actually said them can you list the top
things that you look at that it's like
top five top ten whatever
just the top things that you really do
that I usually said to them don't worry
about in English reading a rating and so
on because you clearly can do that
because you've done all the interview
questions free me up to this point so
that's no problem but let me know what
other things you do that and you'll be
quite surprised sometimes you'll get
things back the oh you didn't know so
I'll give an example I've got my son
visited max he's got a YouTube channel
he's got a video width so that is also
very good a 3d design no that came back
when we sent on the things you know
bother other things you're good at what
do you like
we were only hanging to be a video
editor and he said oh I like making fihi
stuff and for all that's really good you
know so I said did you show me a
portfolio of stuff he done so he said to
had a look I was really surprised that
was actually a really good standard in
fact he could have got a job as a 3d
designer quite easily why he wants you
to be a video waster
anyway later on down the line what
happened there was we did have a task
come up it actually tasked from a
company be all design and we asked them
this clients asking for a local to be
turned into 3d version could you do that
for us yeah no problem
anyways he done that it done a great job
the client was really happy with her and
so he basically became one of the bees
he joined Bo design as a designer but a
specific specialty is to do a 3d graphic
design while he does evident from a son
so you know that's something this was
quite interested in a good way to find
out but what I didn't do is just through
a job on some that he's never done for
me before and expect him to be creator
and not give him any information or
whatever I just said you know give her a
try Siri one but yeah great so anyway
I'm going to tell you a story about one
of the disappearing filipinos that I had
well I say there's a pain he was around
the only difference was that he wasn't
at home doing the job no he was in
holiday but here's her Okemah but what
happened was I was sending over work for
him to do in fact he was the video
editor before the new video editor my
son's gone and we were sending over
stuff for him to do he wasn't getting it
done he says oh I've got a black eye or
there's look over here blah blah blah
I'm really alright okay lost no kids
oh well let's know when that is
then couple days passed oh I don't know
it's not working the black hole must
have caused internet not to work and I'm
saying on wall this is not going good at
all what happened here he was actually
quite a good worker and all of a sudden
all these problems are starting to come
up what's happening here you know so
anyway I'm actually quite good
since OSU was something I'm done for
quite a while so I decided so far how
about we look to see if he's got any
other social profiles now I know he had
Facebook because he was a facebook
friend of mine and so I could see stuff
in his Facebook and there was nothing
particularly happening he didn't really
up data so you know that can happen a
lot you'll have people who just don't
bother updating the Facebook that's fine
you know it's not only they have to do
it anyway I start searching the fainted
Twitter account for him I'm going hang
on a minute
that seems like he's over in Hong Kong
he's on holiday what's going on here he
told me he's got black at his events not
working Amy from East where I can I
managed to find an Instagram account I
know an Instagram account is there some
uploading pictures Oh haven't get fun
look at me blah blah blah just basically
having a great old time meanwhile
sending me messages on facebook saying
oh yeah man and it's not working I'm
only using my mobile phone and obviously
anybody knows if you've got mobile phone
data it cost a fortune to upload
gigabytes a fail so I wasn't expecting
to do that but what I wasn't expecting
was basically I'm lying about where he
was and the annoying thing was that he
had holidays that he could have taken he
could have asked for unpaid leave he
could have said you don't know anything
instead of lying to me and lying to me
is like one of the worst things it's one
of the things I tell all staff members
we get a job do not lie to me
you know this is based on trust I'm not
going to record your screen to see what
you're doing I don't do that I'm not
interested in that asked them to update
me every day on what he did that day so
everybody does that but what I don't
want is people lying to me because at
the end of the day we're not working in
an office together and you need to trust
each other so lines not good so yeah
that's my story of my disappearing flow
penal virus for a different reason
person just wants it to go off in a hole
for two-week period but didn't bother to
tell me didn't want to use these paid
holiday leave for it is evening about
for something else I think but yeah
anyway that's you know something that it
can happen unfortunately I mean I've
done quite well I've only had two
members of staff who've been terrible
we've had probably twelve members of
staff know them to work and other jobs
and that's fine people move on things
change in life the you know get other
work or they get better jobs that's fine
but the rest been great I've had no
problem so yeah so just watch out for
the disappearing Phillip you and make
sure you know it's not your fault
as your not your lack of training not
your lack of explaining the job but also
be available to them to say hey you know
if you've got any problems just come and
ask me it's not a problem it won't
affect you know your job because you've
asked me if you had to do something in
fact that's going to be our plus point
that you are willing to actually ask
first instead of just go off and either
try and do it and make a mess of it or
just go do it all again especially if
they will get other stuff too little for
you that's the last thing you need so
yeah anyway if you like this video
please get my like subscribe the channel
if you've not already share the video
Fanning your business friends or anyone
who's interested in hiring people from
the Philippines and I'll see you in the
next video bye
