hello everyone who is still in Davao
Philippines today is January 15 and
we're going to talk about durians we're
gonna have fresh durians for about two
months already
what if you really want to rent so the
first place I recommend to go the
farmers market this place
they have best frozen durians on this
planet best frozen durians period I'm
not promoting if they don't pay me just
my independent
and with these two so let's see what
they have to do so this freezer and this
freezer they
[Music]
they have who at the 101 and sealeo cold
[Music]
here we go another one say good enough
for the whole winter
okay the price is 350 per kilo excellent
her perfect quality Julian's the best
frozen durians I ever tried yeah I'd
rather and Celia Celia dig in deeper or
then t24 R&C leo g24 there are lots of
varieties today actually I didn't try
the 24 okay I grabbed one day 24 all
right
you see how many varieties here and
they're really really good ones they're
[Music]
$25 now we fooled that's the first place
the farmers market so what if you for
some reason don't like it don't like
frozen durian so just maybe they close
though sometimes they out of stock one
year it happened two big guys came here
and they both liked everything what they
got and we just were starving for two
months without frozen durians so what if
they don't have it second choice you can
buy this they are selling all over the
Philippines we've seen them in even in
Manila but here in Davao you can buy
them in almost every supermarket the
price from 300 pesos and up so $6
perfect its vacuumed freeze-dried
durians all-natural hundred grams this
bag they're very nice and tasty they
like crunchy like chips but there are
real durian pieces inside and
pretty nice things either recommend did
I tell you the best for Centurions on
this planet alright and third option if
you're really starving and want durians
really badly you can go to Maxis I
market I have a video about this right
there
all right there they sell fresh durians
every day
the price right now like 300 pesos and
up so more than $6 per kilo wishes very
high as I mentioned before I don't like
by durians between the seasons because I
don't know what they do to make those
trees bear fruits between the seasons
but something is not clean for sure and
the doors are not tasted so I still
recommend to buy frozen dorians from the
farmers market again no one pays me for
that is my independent opinion and those
Durin's are perfect they're get Doolin
addicted like us see you
[Music]
