[Music]
hey it's mark mark ooh this vo and I
have lemon puffs here by malabon and
natural ginger cookies from Munchie and
the lion
it's Simba and we're gonna be trying is
mainly what I'm gonna be talking about
the lemon puff and the ginger cookies
because this is they are apparently
popular snacks here in Sri Lanka by the
way I'm in the room of Sargent house
which is where we're staying out here
and you know a tuna next to Bali in Sri
Lanka all right
first I gotta open this Oh beautiful
sound oh by the way I talked about this
little bit in the previous video or in a
future video in a previous video the
link is somewhere come by
mmm well she it's a lager that's what it
is okay let's start off with a ginger
because I'm guessing this tastes a
little bit less delicious than the lemon
puff okay hopefully I don't make this
thing explode so you know that it is
really Sri Lankan as you can see here
there's all that you know writing the
Sinhalese oh actually a lot in here one
two three four five six seven eight
or 15 unless I don't know how to come at
15 cookies that's a lot doesn't it look
like those dear cookies okay I'm gonna
try it out
eat it up
it's pretty good
I'm surprised so it's not a very strong
general actually no when you eat it it's
like oh it's ginger unless you don't
know what ginger tastes like then you'll
be like what is this spice it's going
through my mouth right now if you like
ginger definitely buy this it's super
cheap it's like fifty or sixty rupees
which is like less than a dollar it's
like thirty cents or something like that
and it would make great souvenirs you
can buy them in supermarkets we bought
this in our Pico Super Center in the
nearest one near the main road in the
Nova tuna or Gulf and it's yeah it's
definitely like it tastes like ginger
now let me try another magnet to see if
it's gonna get spicier
yuppie goes with a lion
it's a tonight snacks like if you eat it
by itself it's kind of a little too
strong
I'm guessing kids wouldn't like this
very much they'd be like why you put
spice in my cookies and it goes with
beer pretty well I think because that
spice it kind of gets washed away by the
beer now I'm gonna put this aside and
try this lemon puff and there's like
these two brands that are popular here
for the for both the ginger cookies and
the lemon puff and a bunch of other
types of cookies which is Munchie and
molly bun or molly banner whatever it
sounds kind of technology and they look
almost the same like when you look at
them like if you're not looking at a
band you might grab one from the other
and you're just like oh hey so I don't
know what the flavor difference would be
like but I'm guessing is about the same
the lemon puff also costs about the same
it's like 70 rupees or something like
that
very cheap oh I see
so in here there is about 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 cookies
technically 16
but they have that lemon in between the
lemon cream so it's kind of I guess like
the lemon flavored Oreos or the golden
Oreos or something like that
so the lemon is not it kind of tastes a
little bit more artificially or a bit
more artificial women adding ly on
things it's a bit more artificial in
flavor I would say but it's so really
good it's not like the sour type of
lemon flavor that you're gonna get it's
more like a sweeter lemon so it's kind
of like a lemonade that is sweet
well the biscuit has a little bit of
salt on it but a side adds a little bit
of more flavor onto it so definitely not
like eating Oreos because the the golden
Oreos are the lemon flavored Oreos they
have the cookies for that it's kind of
like they don't taste like cookies or
like like a very sugary cookie that's
what it tastes like but these ones
really taste like biscuits have a bit of
salt on it and the cream there's not
that there's not as much so it's kind of
I think it's more balanced this way
honestly
this would also make good souvenirs I
would say if you were to choose between
the lemon puffs or and the ginger
cookies I bet the lemon puffs for more
people would like it I personally prefer
it but that doesn't mean I hate the
ginger cookies I do like the ginger
cookies they're just more plain and they
kind of look like deer biscuits that you
feed the deer in nara one more thing is
that no nothing else that's really I
just want to eat more of this if I were
the malabon or monkey marketing person I
would tell them you should make a lemon
double puff where there's more of the
cream inside and they would be so
delicious now as far it goes with the
beer pairing here it might actually go
better with a ginger cookie but hey do
whatever you want but for now that's it
for this really short segment of
souvenir cookie munching session here in
Sargent house in Sri Lanka I'll see you
guys in the next video
[Music]
