what is going on guys welcome back to
the channel again you guys know what is
man it's keval and you know this one
Ethan yngwie's man we're going to this
video
it's called face off talent versus
philippe's Matt it's it's gonna see
who's the beautiful what beautiful
ladies many beautiful ladies are in
Thailand or in the Philippine I figure
you know what let's have this little guy
cuz kids this is they're very honest man
you guys find the kids are honest when
you're honest kids are very honest
they'll like something they're gonna say
they don't they don't ok so this we're
gonna do we're gonna go left or right or
Filipino over Thailand how about that
yeah you're gonna say the right or left
that's like no let's go so anyways he's
gonna say right or left right or left
okay that's not gonna say which one you
like okay that's exactly guys heard him
right or left
let's see no that's left that's right
okay okay so that's what we're gonna do
anyways this gives us that video okay
ready
ooh
okay so who's great who's prettier the
left that's left okay so she think the
left ones for you
I think the little s is pretty hot too
okay
right definitely right definitely hotter
one which one the right over here
dress that's too no the same the same
pictures Missy okay I'm Bloom's the left
I got to go fill up one here and this
one here yeah right
oh the right one looks hot in that
picture yeah this is hard oh don't laugh
okay I'm going to right the wrong one
damn right the right one you gotta pick
one buddy
epic - okay okay
I move the left on this one the left
look sweetheart yeah no left for me
okay what do you think you think the
right way okay we're gonna go right no
right you got to pick one that's it
there's one who the left one I go the
left ones you left me pretty hot
yeah oh wow no cancel HLS ready okay
definitely the right man the right looks
gorgeous she is absolutely gorgeous
yeah right she's absolutely gorgeous
okay gotta wait pretty make a decision
right definitely right okay left he goes
let's go I'm going to write oh that's a
cute picture
I really like the right way okay you
like the left one right right it's go
right okay definitely right definitely
right definitely right right
the right one as well oh they're always
very hot let's see this picture right
see
wait
don't know their beard before pretty
babbles oh okay giggles the right one oh
damn
Oh Katrina Oh Miss Universe Miss
Universe definitely Miss Universe man
won't write the right as well okay said
right right
does he lose out here
oh wow you're going to left be going to
left right you can't pick your pickle
that's ready les is pretty gorgeous oh
my God look at the right one by the end
that video was pretty good
random oh here we go okay the left I'm
with the left the left one definitely
the left one man okay this is random
okay this is random girls okay it's kind
of hard going too quick for us now right
okay oh wow yeah right oh wow the right
one something oh wow right right oh
right definitely right okay the lesson
here oh wow
alright man right after watching so many
of those man I think majority of them
were right right yeah majority of the
ones that we picture right cuz damn man
honestly you got some lost girls with
like talent got some our girls don't
know hey no no talent time
clap picked up a couple tiling girls man
I thought it was super sexy super
gorgeous yeah me too what you said to
write most of them bro I thought a lot
of them won't work the right ones are
hot too man so don't worry it's okay
it's okay at least you guys hurting man
he gave the honest opinion I give my
honest opinion it seemed like we got
more Filipino yeah I put more filipinas
but let's not get it twisted Palin has a
lot of gorgeous ladies as well man right
Yeah right
but anyways man you guys made out in the
video guys enjoyed that video man you
guys know what to get the video a big
thumbs up all right you guys loved the
video you have to loved it that
subscribe button turn that post
notification bells on and then catch you
guys in the next
