hey everybody its Marie from Asian boss
it's no secret that to us in China are
in the middle of a trade war right now
as an ally of both countries it looks
like the Philippines may be the most
affected by it
let's go to our Asian boss reporter
Francesca and Manila to find out which
country the Filipinos prefer to be an
allergy commercial and on Sina beanie
presidente dr. Dana Hin Vina Toyota
aluminum America the hell Silla I not a
partner at Human Rights llama Alpena
Errol I know mr. sabe Muslim a statement
tonight on a family yo some io- able to
live in America as far as I know what a
girl that I met a girl that I did not
illumine so param maha the marine IGNOU
or Lynette I'm from them
didn't gain you pass possible net along
an even better
so long ammonia is a Pilipinas people
hit by younger things are run it against
our personal McGarrett
imagine offend co-op or as a Filipino
citizen my point no my new American
adapt a human rights symphony Erica say
as a servant syndicated Kalani no mental
are a priority in human rights but I
gonna forgive you know Turing namelaka
influence and a Pilipinas and America
and the panting in New South America
villain song banza preparing selenium
center of attention and laugh II movies
political no politician it's powerful in
a way it's influential but not really in
our powerful cuz it's pretentious for
the past years spinal economy not in a
major exploited thionyl America
tapas in vegan and Carla high on
benefits and Hoku Hanohano compared to
the benefits and who identified people
behind Mac began examples the manga
benefits none even give you marry sana
military bases literary tapas unitary
insulin on Filipino soldiers you know
your pattern by another imagine unfair
you know Manuel case a resources not a
noona exploit say apolog a pocket big
lan de kai biome pijn aan de una mana
Filipinos are America
saguru dialogues super La Scala the
people I'm thinking Allah and Allah is
forgiving soon sooner entire semester
were feeling Casa Nikita homicidal in
Medina mignon Filipinos are Americans
cases China Gannon
I am a trio unicorn Amelia Georgina
I asked around saguru
didn't imagine agony Nansha other confer
those people who really follow him and
see him as a leader
Saguna influential and Langella the
latter a lot of people are dreaming of
going to USA i am k Presidente de
they're there China infinitum elaborate
Nibbana anima our immigration and
protection so my son Ivan poobah ha
dicho que si
Dina man poor kids helium or training my
lap it's a panchayat and if except in an
autonomous the deciding for me me minor
maintainer kumarila anti no to learn
some banter much burgundy my smell a bit
sudden
and we all know in China I said in term
of in harmonicas at Malakal bands are
appearing tomorrow certain some studies
as now few more years or decades
paramatma gig in progress about superior
name bands and china cases America must
promise Anna progressive omus Moderne
you mama Kagame danila Armas Neela Paris
Agera
mess bag of asthma is an apparent Mahara
booty satin
you in China final abandon la taille
Odense West Philippine Sea young area
young landed up at either keno hi
Daniela so kudos on la for our best
interest that but indeed cell indignant
a whole new pattern
gunfire halacha an influence on and
china citing Benson parisa in Filipino
mihail una segunda guna more target
China they'll Sumner innominate insula
disturbance are nothing but we're doing
Hong Kong in demand didn't grab it very
nothing about October any lady even
Chinese New Year events events my PPK
ever negotiate those and
such ina be lamb ornament in Milan
I see Paris happen don't see name but
America party enough way we're gonna
deny their problem
it's an shyness among of maraming mother
laughing band sir na LAN Malaga
influentially and backside and when it
comes in our store and a social way of
living semana panini Elena tensor
product Owen events and ago show campaka
Ellen I think Monica I agree Presidente
de 30 my arena thinks I'm being a total
you mention and China Kong and get numb
up a lot of empower in your over a
Philippines so setting in MOBA possibly
toe who say who seemed impossibly
exciting n Co possibly pero hindi Telugu
nut in Molalla Montano banter on
self-interest and China's are in they
possibly dilemma the decision parent I'm
a Filipino mystery villa time but we
meet I played in dicta Han para lanzar
began at in a goose to Alomar China
share a common lava to dusar K don't I
use miss M'Lynn bother us America
certain belong is some Filipino
Allen's another one bansa America or
China people II in Europe Nam economist
making the relish on Sybilla penis
well you know exploit tile as a fine
Villa is more time there be no tapas in
president daughter their fire seppuku
Stefania develop oh come on you know
people in here who see no setting in
oaxaca too long so paganel adnan
Pilipinas young people in China
Oh Malik Mozilla verdad no Lionel
cylinder copper better on us see Milano
on can you new new new and butter pecan
medical Asuma supporter certainly penis
India and China where poor pairen
opossum us America faces a China why not
now both parties now you come along
waiting nominated syllabus our parabola
conflict Eva to be saved that but we
should not take sides
what if US and China had Yuma an
incognito war tradition being
susceptible as their battleground like
what happened to us and Japan during
World War II because I'm compulsive
welfare oh it's better to keep good good
relationships at the Levant with caseta
Oh Dean among Ganon hunter drilled
countries sitting in your pool behind an
impact angle now Filipina seems really
nothing band saw or calipari not in a to
luminous among even more fundings
filament Patton Casillas of now param
Pinkamena passive around Eden the Carson
do young people to seem government
chambray que la Mantella Ghanim Tulum
from other countries Pharaoh
we as Filipinos should learn how to
stand on our own feet PIPA
Lena men present as analog dialog is a
bumpin sir alonne Matata rely on Allah
best c'mon you potentially Maron I thank
you to all our interviewees for sharing
the honest opinions but do you think
about current US and China relations let
us know in the comments for more
authentic insight into the latest news
and cultural trends all over Asia be
sure to subscribe to Asian boss thanks
for watching and see you in the next
video
[Music]
