I did a video guy I think it's about two
years ago about expats who end up down
in the house and it's gotten a lot of
views and it's been a discussion point I
see in in fact I just saw it as a
discussion point in one of the expat
forums on Facebook and so we were
talking about this one guy he probably
might have seen his picture and anyways
he's an expat and he's just totally down
and out no money living on the streets
you know begging for spare change I mean
it's pretty sad situation I think he
lives out of dip blog some of you may
know the guy I'm talking about and he's
not the only one there's others out
there and these are not scammers these
are just guys who have again and we'll
get into this just been financially
destroyed now what I wanted to discuss
kind of as a secondary video is is the
causes is what what is it that led to
these guys ending up destitute and
homeless here in the Philippines and it
happens in Pattaya
you know happens in other countries as
well but we'll focus here like on the
Philippines and so any know I was
responding in giving my part of the
thread and and what I mentioned was that
it's it's usually one of three things
three causes that that leads to a guy an
expat ending up destitute in the
Philippines the first I already
mentioned in the previous video is a
situation where you've got a guy who is
unhappy in his home country he comes
into a windfall of money discovers that
there is hey this other life waiting to
be had in the Philippines and watches a
few videos and he figures well hey I've
got twenty thousand dollars in my pocket
and I'll have another five thousand if I
just sell this in this and life is cheap
in the Philippines cost
living is low and I'll just make a new
start there and surely by the time I run
out of money I'm gonna have something
going financially they don't know what
that is so they come here now here's
here's the problem let's say with
$25,000 in your pocket if you're frugal
and you live within your means and you
stick to a $1,000 a month us budget okay
one thousand US dollars so that would be
what I suck at math was that fifty
thousand anyways but let's just stick
with dollars as I know dollars so you
got a thousand dollars a month to live
on well in twelve months you're gonna
burn through twelve thousand dollars in
two years you're gonna burn through
twenty four thousand dollars and after
two years one month the twenty-five
thousand US dollars is now all gone now
this is where again it's just I'll label
this bad planning okay it's just the
inevitable result of bad planning it was
a bad plan before he even bought the
plane ticket to come out here you cannot
live anywhere on a finite amount of
money that you're constantly chipping
away at without putting money back in
without having some other income to
replace it to slow down the you know
entropy of that limited amount of money
so that I just write it off as bad
planning it's unrealistic to think now
if you've got two million dollars and
it's sitting in a stock trading company
and you're making you're making
dividends that recorder well shoot you
probably won't even be able to spend the
money fast enough in the next 75 years
you know but again even then you're
earning money on dividends you're
earning money on interest you know
you're not just chipping away at
principle and you're talking about an
incredibly large song but when you're
talking about 20,000 40,000 even $50,000
that's only gonna last you a couple
years you know so I'm hoping I'm
reaching some of you guys that are
thinking
about this do not come here with any
lump sum thinking that you're just gonna
live on that unless it's an incredibly
large amount and I'm talking like over
$500,000 and you're earning interest or
dividends on that money because the day
will come that you'll run out of money
and then you got no plan and I know you
you'd think that that a guy would be
sane enough to go geom down til my last
two thousand dollars I better use that
for a plane ticket to get home get my
act together and maybe earn some money
to come back no I know too many guys who
get down to their last 1,000 dollars and
they're like well I can't leave I love
it here too much I can't give up the
women I can't give up the cheap cost of
living I'm just gonna stay and hope it
works
well it doesn't again there's there's no
job it's not like okay I'm gonna get off
my butt and work a job there is no job
for expats I mean you know and if he was
gonna earn money you know doing
something online he should have started
that the day in fact he should have
started that before he even came out
here so it's crazy but bad planning is
one of the chief reasons why some of
these guys end up destitute now second
reason second reason that this happens
is running into a land shark running
into a what I call a mercenary Filipino
expat comes over here he's got income
he's he's got money he's got retirement
income coming in whatever and then he
meets a Filipina who and again it comes
down to really just thinking oh I've
known her for two weeks surely I can
trust her so within a month or two he's
got her moved in he has no clue really
who this woman is she really is a
stranger coming back to my constant
advice to everybody which is know this
woman for a year you know know this
wonder for a year and if you're gonna
have her live with you it should be
because you're already thinking about
marrying this woman and if you're
thinking about marrying this woman again
you should know her for six months to a
year before making that decision now
here's the thing a guy comes he meets a
Filipina and things are hot and romantic
four to three weeks and he's like wow I
love her so much and I love this
experience surely she's got to be
trustworthy I'm gonna have her move in
so then she moves in and little does he
know that she is a Land Shark
she is a mercenary she is out for
herself and she won't take advantage of
him she will start copying down his ATM
cards his credit cards she'll start
finding out his social security number
just start going through the whole nine
yards and before he and I had a couple
guys had this happened to them before
they know what hit them next thing you
know she's wiring herself money from
Western Union using his car now on top
of that you've got guys who were older
like this one guy I believe he was in
Dumaguete his situation was that he
needed medication to kind of keep his
mind in the right place she figured that
out so she just made sure he didn't get
his medication kept distracting him
whatever well pretty soon he was so
disoriented he didn't even know his own
way home so she got control of his
banking and everything and when there
was nothing left else to take she bailed
and left him he didn't even remember the
pin code to his ATM I mean she you know
in this second case scenario you've got
a guy who's making the mistake of
trusting someone who is still a complete
unproven stranger and so that's just a
bad idea bad idea and so what ends up
happening first he loses access to his
money and again if he's got medical
issues maybe he can't even get to
Annette cafe or whatever to access his
money if she's stolen all his ID or
whatever he's again and he's kind of
guys no passport no no ATM card she just
takes the backpack or a wallet that's
got everything
and he's got no ID no nothing I mean
he's really up the creek and so now he's
got to try and re-establish connection
with his money and that can be such an
uphill battle that he may not make it he
may end up out on the street unable to
prove who he is or access his money
or even get hold of family to help them
out and so that's the the second case
scenario trusting a woman too soon with
literally your your lifeline to your
money okay now the third scenario four
reasons why this kind of thing happens
we're guys in the destitute is sort of
the opposite guy meets a Filipina
she's a wonderful Filipino she's a great
girl she's not a scammer she's not a
thief nothing she's a really good girl
okay but again he makes the mistake of
diving in too quickly too fast so he
meets her two three weeks later he's in
love three months later he's ready to
marry her but they're gonna put it off
say for nine months whatever because of
k1 visa stuff or because they got to get
things together with you know they're
gonna get married in the Philippines got
to do their paperwork and all that gets
Ino Mars and things so in the meanwhile
he's only known her maybe three months
he figures he's gonna marry her and and
maybe he eventually does but the problem
is that in that whole process
immediately she's not asking for money
he is still in a place of desperation
thinking I'm gonna lose this girl if I
don't shower her with money because he's
still thinking like back home he's still
thinking the only reason a young
beautiful 24 year old is going to marry
him or have
with them is because of money because
that's the only way it's gonna happen
back home but here again totally
different dynamics totally different
country totally different rules she
actually does love him but he can't
believe that so what does he do anytime
that the family comes by and says oh we
could use a new roof for the house
so-and-so just died we need somebody to
pay for the funeral
you know we'd really like to build a
addition to the house for you guys or we
need the brother-in-law would like a
motorcycle so that he can be a Hubble
Hubble driver or better yet he could use
a tricycle so he could start a business
and the other one wants to start a water
filtration business on and on and on
these and he is like sure yeah no
problem here's the money
hope it works out and he is just pushing
money out problem is he's got a very
small pension and he's got very small
savings and pretty soon all that savings
is gone and then he's now got to live on
whatever small pension he has well now
in the Filipinos eyes he's really not
the same guy he was before who had a
bunch of savings and could live large
now he's telling her well sweetie baby
we got to get on a budget well maybe
she's on board for that but maybe not
and maybe it's just like you know he's
not really he's not really viable you
know like he was before but the guy ends
up essentially broke broke I mean we're
talking about guys that will hand over
fifteen thousand US dollars to a girl
I've run into this guy came to me he
gave fifteen thousand US dollars to a
Filipina that he hadn't even met in
person yet and it wasn't that she was a
scammer it's just that he went ahead and
trusted her and once she had that much
money in her hands it was probably a
no-brainer even if she didn't keep it
the family got it from her that money is
basically gone it may as well have been
thrown into a fan
and just blown all over the place but he
never was gonna see that money again and
that was half of his life savings that's
all he had was $30,000 now he at least
could recuperate
he still had 15 grand in his pocket and
she left and that was kind of the end of
that but the third category guys who end
up destitute are guys who are not
scammed they just are operating on this
fear principle that they think they have
to buy and purchase their the keeping of
this filipinas love and my advice on
that is don't do it I mean you know
don't do anything different in a sense
when you date a Filipina here when it
comes to money don't throw money at her
I mean if it's a real relationship
she'll want to be with you with or
without you giving her some huge
allowance or getting her an iPhone or
whatever because you know if you don't
shower her with money and she leaves
because you're not giving her an iPhone
that's the girl you don't want anyway
okay it works itself Howard yeah you
want to pay for the movies pay for the
hotels pay for the restaurants pay for
the taxis pay for the usual dating
expenses just like you would back home
but how many of us guys would date a
woman back home and just because we've
been dating her for two months tell her
you know I'm gonna start giving you $300
a month
no no don't don't do do that after
you've known her for a year do that
after she's proven that she's in a real
relationship do that with maybe a woman
you're gonna marry but don't do that
with a girl you've only known for three
weeks because now even if her heart did
start out in the right place you've just
shifted the whole focus of the
relationship where money is a big part
of it now you'll never know if she's
with you for the money or not so the
best way you can short-circuit all that
is
I'm not saying be a cheapskate I'm
saying pay for all the normal expenses
you would pay but don't throw money at
her see if she simply wants to be with
you you know I mean you could make a
general rule in any given month if
you've known a Filipina for less than
six months the most money that should
ever move from you to her in a month
should be like twenty dollars maybe
thirty dollars most and that's for
paying for her bus fare or taxi her
phone load you know just little things
like that I mean because if you're still
getting to know her there is no good
reason for you to be showering her with
a couple hundred bucks a month there's
you know again you're just going down
that path of throwing money at her and
ending up against these guys get carried
away and next thing you know they're
broke they're broke
and if they're lucky they're broke and
they can have enough money to go home
but if they're not so lucky and they
it's just they get used to saying yes to
every request it's really not a scam I
don't think it's I don't consider it a
scam when a girlfriend or her family ask
an expat can you give us 20 thousand
pesos so we can put a new roof on or
whatever and whatever is going on just
because they asked does not mean you
have to say yes you can say I'll give
you five thousand pesos and then you
guys work out the rest I mean you can
you can say no it's not a scam when
somebody asks you for money and then you
think it through and you hand them the
money that's not a scam that's just bad
decision-making that's operating out of
fear thinking that if you say no she's
gonna leave you okay so it's it's some
of these guys that end up destitute it's
not because they got scammed it's
because they throw money at a girl
thinking that's the only way they can
keep her and again the only way can
short-circuit that that thought is see
if she will stay with you when there is
no there is no allowance there is no
iPhone
there is no you know it's relationship
it's walks on the beach it's taking
I'm to go grocery shopping together it's
going to her dental appointment together
it's you know going to house fiestas
it's spending time knowing each other
not you know hey you know let me let me
let me support you now and hope that you
stay with me that that's the wrong way
to go okay so just a few thoughts on
those three scenarios again you know
it's it's just a sad thing to see when
when expats make really bad life
decisions that end up leading to
destitution because you know it's it's a
long hard trail for family members to be
contacted and maybe get money to him and
maybe get him flown back you know there
is no no support system there is no
safety net for expats really in the
Philippines and a lot of people think oh
I'll just go to the embassy and and
they'll take care of me they'll work it
out good luck with that because the you
know in the entire Philippines the one
Embassy's up in Manila so your first
problem is trekking yourself financially
to Manila and then having an address
where they can contact you or a phone I
mean it's not as easy as it sounds it's
probably your one best shot but it's not
going to be a simple solution when you
find yourself again just completely
broke in the Philippines smartest thing
you can do have money coming in have
money coming in already before you come
here don't come here with 10,000 in your
pocket saying to yourself well I'll just
start a business online and then that
will work it all out
no make the money before you even come
here okay so that's about it for today
and again I wish I wish it was something
you know happier to talk about but I
just thought it was something to follow
up on so we'll talk about something else
later all right I'll talk to you in
[Music]
[Music]
you
