hey guys it's a be from CISM and today
we're with tisha from the Philippines
hi I'm Nagisa from Japan and we're going
to be sampling some Katy and snacks
today ooh excited three different snacks
and you guys are each gonna try it have
a little discussion about them and then
you maybe you can tell me about some of
the snacks that you have from your
childhood
so our first snack today is Lay's
ketchup chips so the ketchup flavor is
actually a Canadian a flavor that lays
came up with have you guys had Lay's
chips before yes it's actually one of my
favorite flavors favorite flavors one oh
and you I've tried lace but not ketchup
flavored ones she's new I also tried
them however I'm not so much of a fan
but here they are
give them a try that's what you think
hi my favorite yeah it's a little bit
sour it tastes just like do you think it
does taste like ketchup which I got
surprises because it doesn't look like
actual colors no right mm-hmm tastes
like heck shops are good yeah do you
guys like actual pizza first of all you
- yeah same here I don't mind ketchup
but I feel like the views do not taste
like alright yeah but I mean like chips
a chip like yeah it's crunchy okay so
I'm gonna like it yeah
so overall impression okay yeah
smack number 2 is bear pods and these
are a snack that are kind of like a
cross between a brownie and a chocolate
chip cookie and they're especially
common in elementary school it's gonna
look like a lot of kids will bring them
in their lunch they usually come in a
box kind of like this and then each one
is individually wrapped like that kind
of like a granola bar now you guys have
your bear paws and what it looks like it
looks like bear paws let's see okay yeah
I like it
yeah that's pretty close thank you okay
give him a try
[Music]
so how is it what's it like it's very
sweet okay different gonna catch up to
us yeah it's very chewy chewy okay so
it's not like hard no it's more like
famiiy texture yeah but cookie flavor
yeah two and one
[Music]
yeah do great I agree
so everything you said about that being
a mixture of a cookie and a brownie yeah
nice what do you think is it like a
decent sweet treat it's good if I'm
craving for something sweet I look yeah
I think yeah okay
overall predict thumbs up middle
recommend a years ago our third and
final snack today is actually a drink
and it's Christmas themed as well you
guys are gonna be trying eggnog which is
something that usually pops up around
the Christmas season it can be served
with or without alcohol either hot or
over ice actually so it looks like this
kind of is like your regular carton of
milk but you get at the grocery store
but it is not bad as you guys will see
so what'd you guys think what does it
look like it's yellowish color your
little bit thicker yeah and the smell it
smells very interesting - that smells
like bad ass in a little bit I can't
pinpoint exactly no no it's kind of like
medicine is
personally it looks like milk actually
yeah I'm just like a kind of thicker
version yeah and kind of like banana
milk yeah okay give it a go is what you
expected better than I expected I better
thanks
was it taste I don't know what it tastes
like you know it tastes like egg this is
like melting sweet and I feel the
cinnamon some milk
yeah yeah there are some spices look I
think so yeah there should be a few
spices is it - it is it really sweet
it's quite sweet sweet city could you
imagine I've seen some of these at the
coffee shop oh yeah but not middle -
okay so now that we've gone over some
with a classic Canadian snacks maybe you
guys want to tell us a little bit about
some of the snacks from the Philippines
and also from Japan
yeah so in Japan we have rice crackers
like a lots of rice crackers I don't
think they have in other countries and
we also have so many flavors of KitKat
oh really
as I see it
we have like tang tonight we have my
Darnell sweet potato Oh kind of tea a
breeze also Sachi
oh yes yeah Oh two different things
during very jealous yeah we have a lot
of actually corn-based ships so a lot of
like sweet corn potato chips so it's a
lot of variety also and a lot of flavors
but mostly salty and sweet so yeah yeah
cool awesome well thank you guys for
coming to the video and triangle the
food and the drinks with us guys if you
want to see our video to be uploaded on
YouTube and officials say some shortly
as well as our website on my sea I am
calm so be sure to check us out so we'll
be putting out more holiday themed
videos as well as other videos with
international students thanks guys and
see you next time bye
[Music]
