[Music]
good morning guys so apart today we're
gonna do a scuba diving scuba diving yes
before we get started on the scuba
training you need to give your contact
if for any emergency check on the list
if you have like some sort of diseases
so my core instructor was telling us
that if you have some of these
conditions that are in the paper you
need to have like medical clearance but
luckily we don't have any of them so
should be good
you have the alternate air source or a
backup regulator that BCD can be
adjusted easily even if you're
underwater
so we had a little bit of introduction
but we're gonna do more training in the
shallow water yep because we are movie
so we just finished training it was
super interesting like I was seeing the
little fishes and it was a little bit
scary for me at the beginning I hope
that doesn't happen to mean they're real
when we're gonna do it because we're
gonna go somewhere else I was kind of
worried about her cuz she kept going up
for air maybe like five six times
potentially got the hang of it
I felt I need air and you have ears you
have a lot of Eric yeah yeah
[Music]
we're on our way
[Music]
from here he's gonna put our equipment
the background into the water and we
meet up on the front of the boat we're
gonna get the GoPro inside so we can
take more shots
[Music]
all right drop the line okay
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
now when the vlog is now so that the
memory is fresh now we're on their way
to the shore but we just finished oh my
god oh my god guys I just can't believe
I just did this it's an amazing
experience guys like I I can't wait to
post some pictures and videos about our
scuba diving experience at the beginning
I was a little bit scared norm of the
beginner you know you're a little bit
nervous in the beginning but in the end
you pull it through you know
oh my god ma she's gonna get you first
five I told you not to do this
I was not afraid like super horse you
were afraid don't like do too afraid
because I was I know how to swim right
hi guys my name is Mike and I'm one of
the instructor here at the clips type
Center Boracay I'm inviting you to come
and visit Baraka and die with us see you
soon random Nabil her Nana Mae MS or
home Pakistan say her but I think here
in between maps
[Music]
