CCBC pageants hi good to see you again
this is Cici beauty pageants bringing to
you the final top 5 selection of our
favorite delicates early prototype of
Miss Philippines 2018 this is our third
record of this series and we'll peel the
name of the third candidate I consider
will enter the top 5 and the final
coronation night today my selector that
is
the BT one the humor Rushton
don't tell us the city negros occidental
she's 25 years of age and stands one
point six seven years
Vicky is also a public figure in the
country after participating in the
Philippines version of a very popular
reality show
she's an actress and process of pulling
it he has an outstanding beauty besides
being a classical type Gina's the
enigmatic impact of the Asian woman her
body is well shaped that her skin is
created witness which make the fun part
motions and move away she's very sweet
the transmits calm and serenity nikki
has a $500 fine adorable aspect she
needs to work on our communication
skills pirogue Ramos Neal
they can use to improve addiction and it
would be advisable to give her TV space
during the preparation after the ground
so that she gets fluency an eloquence in
her speech Nikki Rushton is the third
selectively elegant in his final top
five for Miss Universe Philippines 2018
according to our criteria do you think
they will give the crown is here let's
Morgan see before now remember to
subscribe leave your comments and thanks
for watching
[Music]
