[Music]
today we're gonna make a break let it
rest a little past few days we've been
traveling around we went up to the north
to the movie picket L we went to Maude's
and always sitting in these chimneys and
vents so first we go over to to another
resort resort make an inquiry and ask
how much the cottages are on for the
weekend we're gonna invite a few people
over after that we go to the now buy a
few things then we go and get a massage
balls really needed the back hurts from
yeah from writing from writing the GPS
invents and later on we gonna visit the
school angels sister is the teacher
elementary school and she invited us to
come over and visit school
[Music]
so we made it via here at the massage
place health and prices are really okay
for one of massage only two other
pencils and here the rest of the crisis
when our Thai massage 200 back massage
200 F Noah back massage 100 and so on
they're all so combo packages you can
see it there so we're going in now feel
much better now we had half an hour
massage it was 100 pesos if you wanted
it with oil I don't know how it should
work without but then there would be 50
50 pesos additional but it was very good
very relaxing I feel much better now
and yeah 450 pesos that's around 3 euro
there's nothing to complain about so
yeah now he had the other resort it's
called Sequoia it's basically right next
door to to El Salvador which is over
there behind the wall and yeah angels
asking about the cost how much the
cottages are and if they are still
available on Saturday or or Sunday I'm
not sure yet it's really nice to get two
pools over there's one big pool and the
smaller pool is surrounded by trees I
will show you that all of that on Sunday
angel is just talking for the owner and
I will tell you later
how much it is yeah then with the
enquiring and the cottage will cost 500
and kids from 10 below will be free from
entrance fee okay good disco yeah we can
save it up and
limited so you want to stay here on on
Sunday right yeah from the resort will
be open from 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
okay that's nice yeah I guess so true
and with all these doggies some icky
rose yeah
I'm sure they're gonna enjoy it okay
fine - smiley sim let's take a look nice
here we have another one and a big one
I had that one looks a little like a
pumpkin huh
with the t's and the cottage she needs
to be paid so you want to stay here or
only there how much is the entrance fee
again 100 100 okay and we can basically
stay the whole day and how is it with
food can we bring food do we have to
fight here we can bring the food you
don't see okay
no Corky that's good
[Music]
quite a few people how many do you
expect
between 15 to 20 people okay but I think
then we need more than one of these
small cottages okay but I am sure the
Sun will really yeah it's better over
there with all the trees okay angel so
you will come back later okay then we
are going to the nominal
[Music]
okay we are picking the now on the other
side of streets tomorrow I can't film in
there um last time we got a friend you
reminder that it's not allowed so I will
just show you what we bought for the
kids later on okay we are back from the
now we bought some candy it's not that
much but we have a few nips here with
milk chocolate another kind of nips with
peanut then we have here some start
jelly I'm actually not quite sure what
that is but I hope they like it
angel choose this one so I think they're
good here we have some chocolate bars
some super bubble gum also not quite
sure what that is but looks yummy and
someone apps I know it's not that much
but the invitation was kind of short
notice and I didn't want to show up with
empty hands I hope the kids like it and
enjoy the candy then let's grab again a
tricycle and go to the school
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and that you passed exam
[Music]
is that the very hard fight was a
reading exam today
banana
Friday when a mystery food inside an egg
with
with Dora
we are back at the resort now it was
really interesting to see the school at
the moment it was just a makeshift room
they are still building they're still
building a second building for for the
third grade that's the class we visited
today so at the moment three classes are
stuck in one room I can imagine that
this will be pretty noisy and they all
can't wait till the new building is
finished and everybody gets their own
classroom that um they actually had an
exam today everyone passed except one
but yeah good luck next time I know you
will make it well it was a nice day
pretty interesting to see the school
like I said and yeah tomorrow we are
going back to a normal travel day
[Music]
