Welcome back everyone get ready
to expand your taste buds we're
making a traditional Filipino
dish today, I'm joined by the
chef.
>> As owner of the young young
food truck Benjamin Pierce is
the chef and son Brevin pier.
So you're a bit of an eye on,
but this is the is the owner of
the show relate is I see what
you did there of the awesome
what you saw this truck in
Florida and you said you know
what I'm going to bring some of
that tradition here in Utah.
>> But it will actually the
side of everybody's well Theres
you know we cook for everybody.
This is from you know a country
served to everybody in the
world now. So we've got
particular this right here is
actually American expired.
You know like every bases in
the Philippines. They used the
part of the pig then the good
parts leave the head.
>> I know you needed to use the
entire you didn't want anything
to go to waste right now that's
why the use that for this
particular dismisses where the
U.S.. We use the good be a good
use the parts in the bits of
the paper using the good part a
good idea a good part of the
before a court OK, how do we
get started Yeah, this is all
the ingredients we need we need
red onions villains a green
onions all in all the guns.
We put some butter on the bread
is going to be in the and
actually show.
>> Chef you have had your truck
for how We started in August of
last year is we actually been
serving food for over 10 years
now in the phase and then I
threw my son he's he's doing
this as may.
>> Maybe we should start of
what drugs of tired of carrying
of the equipment everywhere you
go you're bringing it to the
people correct.
>> So everybody always asks is
that we have a restaurant But
we don't have a restaurant.
>> Now everybody can just get.
>> This food every day I'm
going to what is it like to
cook with your dad. I don't
know it's kind of cool. But
I've just I've been doing it
since I was like 12 years old.
Like you said when you serve in
the there still be a nice yeah,
instead instead of going around
and playing I wanted to spend
my time. Working in cooking
food really you liked this you
didn't want to play you.
This was your playroom Yeah, it
was your players.
>> And now you're bringing
traditional Filipino food and
infusion of American ice food
of what's been the response.
You know they this is Sonny So
this we've got sun.
>> We're we're you know we're
so thankful at 22. The people
of.
>> You know, yeah Norton Norton
youth, especially I mean to
tell us so much love. I mean
weekend that's for everything
Everybody comes in missionaries
comes as states begin to lessen
the load. You know and so flies
in the solent don't have an
haha quote here from world
Rome, yeah.
>> Yeah there you go.
>> and it's pretty cool say It
popular is this dish.
>> This this is actually really
popular now you know that this
is not as popular. But now it's
like everywhere you go
California last the years.
All parts of the Philippines
everybody's got a different
vision of.
>> Making this dish chef you've
got the best for he's got the
best one of you on this that
the local to the. So they're
like oh my gosh.
>> This is a dish this is that
this right is there anything
else you you provide at tracked
like other thing that we've got
different dishes, you know,
this is one of the most popular
ones so you make sure you've
got full supply when you're out
where do you guys go See
usually we stay likely in a
Davis County area around
clearfield in Syracuse.
>> And where are you about like
you just drive around you to
tell people where you're going
to be every day we post on
instagram and facebook where
we're going to be every day.
>> We usually we have like a
couple usual spots where we
like to go like. Gas stations
there or Smith.
>> Do you guys do parties and
of ends.
>> Yes, so we cater all you
have to do is just go to or
instagram or our website.
And you could contact us that
way and set up a catering
event.
>> And we had to be having a
promotion right you just do a
one to 10 minute video posted
on facebook you to talk or all
the kids stuff that you.
>> Use yeah, I don't know how
to use one then let people get
something.
>> Yeah and
>> so you basically just post
like a review of our food.
If you don't want to come out
to the truck you could get like
a
>> yeah, okay. Father son duo
the YUM YUM Asian food truck
just go to our website for all
the information, ABC 4 dot com
slash the 2 for the world
famous seasick dish, yes, the
