[Music]
so right for today on we rented a van to
take us around the island we make some
stops that the chocolate hills the
logarithm also the hanging bridge and
some other places and we also try to try
to take a look at the test years these
little monkeys or whatever with these
big big eyes yeah and I hope we actually
get to see some of them
[Music]
all right here we are our first stop the
Chocolate Hills it took quite some time
to get here from lund alona beach but
yeah now on our way here we also drove
through the man-made forest this is also
another pretty famous party on the
island where many tourists stopped to
take pictures I'm pretty sure it's also
included in your tour but ya know one of
the hills to take a look
[Music]
so alright we already made it on to our
second stop the cashier sanctuary I
probably completely butchering that name
but these are these little monkeys not
sure if they're even monkeys with the
big yellow eyes so let's hope
[Music]
[Music]
yah-hoo actually found some of the
interests they're really tiny but
unfortunately they were all sleeping but
it was still nice to see them was was a
great place now we are already at our
next stop
the hanging bridge and I'd say that's
[Music]
yeah the bridge is a little shaky it
seems like angel doesn't really trust it
[Music]
okay we already made it almost to the
other side again and yeah oh it's really
shaking at the moment but I think since
it also started to rain a little that we
go eat something before we move on
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay and we are back from the cruise the
food was okay in my opinion the others
really liked it but the tool actually
along the river with the boat that was
fun I really enjoyed it
yeah our day tour is over for now and I
think we are heading back to alona beach
