several months ago i made a video about
the top 10 places to retire outside the
u.s based on the latest global
retirement index i figure i would keep
the series going because the shorts i've
been posting on tick tock and youtube
shorts are getting a lot more views than
my long-term content on youtube
retiring outside the u.s is becoming
more common and popular due to the
rising cost of living here in the u.s
healthcare alone would cost retirees on
average three hundred thousand dollars
throughout their retirement we have a
complicated health care system and if
you compare it to
how much each person spends on health
care we have one of the highest health
consumption expenditures per capita now
people who are looking to retire abroad
aren't necessarily trying to relinquish
or renounce their citizenship in the u.s
i'm definitely not one of them and i was
an immigrant to this country and while
this country isn't perfect i'm still
grateful for the opportunity it has
given me i grew up in several countries
in asia throughout my childhood and i
like to share some of my experiences in
this video when my wife and i reach our
fat fire number at 3.7 million dollars
we're going to strongly consider living
both in the u.s and outside of the us
especially when this temperature in
vegas hits 117 degrees making me feel
like i live in the oven if you're brand
new to my channel my name is sai and
welcome so in this video i'm gonna talk
about the top 10 places to retire in
asia specifically in east asia and
southeast asia i'm going to talk about
the process to obtain a visa the cost of
health care the average rent for an
apartment or home prices and the average
cost living in that area indonesia is
the largest archipelagic country in the
world with over 17 000 islands on
southeast asia located on the equator
right in between asia and australian
continents and between the pacific and
indian oceans one of the islands named
bali is located just 2800 miles
northwest of australia and 2 400 miles
east of jakarta
bali is famous for gorgeous beaches
volcanic mountains delicious food and
fascinating hindu culture and temples
and according to the expats living there
you can have a nice quality of life at a
low cost of living and it's one of the
fastest growing spots for expats
especially from australia to retire
early the total cost of living is
between seven hundred and twenty dollars
and twenty six hundred dollars a month
for a single person depending on your
lifestyle you can rent an apartment for
as little as 200 a month or as high as
1300 a month if you want to live in a
villa if you want to live a moderate
lifestyle then you shouldn't cost you
any more than two thousand dollars a
month on a single person's budget the
only downside is the lack of medical
care in bali if you have a major illness
or injury you'll need to be treated in
den pasar which is located in the south
of the island so if you've lived far
away from them pasar then it might
become a major inconvenience you would
also have to purchase your own private
healthcare insurance for about a hundred
dollars a month it would cost you more
if you're moving your family there if
you're looking to retire in bali you'll
need to apply for a residence visa but
it's not as easy as in other countries
the retirement visa requires you to be
at least 55 years old have proof of
medical insurance hire locals to work
for your household a sponsor letter from
an indonesian sponsor or agent and pay
one thousand dollars for the initial
application fee and then 800 annually if
you want to just try out bali you can
also get a 30-day tourist visa for 35
and extend it to 60 days or a social
visa for 180 days if you haven't quite
reached your retirement age by the way
if you want to learn how to invest for
your early retirement you can get our
free fire resources by visiting
fireside.com contact you can also check
out the fireside chest shop and i have
all of my stuff on my bookshelf at
fightchat.com shopping the next country
i want to talk about is singapore and
it's not cheap for expats to live in
singapore and the exchange rate is not
favorable because it's almost 70 cents
us dollars to one singapore dollar
singapore is a multicultural country
with four official languages english
tamil malay and mandarin and the
countries celebrate multiple religions
throughout the year it is also reported
to be the cleanest country in the world
because its authority could put you in
prison for smoking chewing gum spitting
or walking naked in your house
singapore has five regions central east
north northeast and west regions
according to the people living there the
central region is the most expensive
area to live in with studio apartments
at three thousand dollars a month or a
three bedroom apartment up to six
thousand dollars a month the north
region is supposedly the least expensive
with eighteen hundred dollars a month in
rent for a studio the world health
organization ranks singapore's sixth
best health care system in the world
however expats are not qualified for
their public health care because it's
strictly for their citizens and
permanent residents singapore does not
offer retirement visas for expats so you
only have three options to live in
singapore for the long term an
employment pass a global investor
program or a foreign artistic talent
permit the employment pass is basically
you have to be hired by a singaporean
company the global investor program
requires expat investors to invest a
minimum of 2.5 million singapore dollars
or 1.8 million us dollars if you have a
special talent in arts photography dance
music or film you could be qualified for
permanent residency under the foreign
artistic talent permit next let's talk
about japan but specifically in yokohama
i spent the first six years of my life
living in tokyo all the way through
kindergarten and japanese was actually
my first language it's known for
worldwide pop culture like manga anime
video games architecture traditions and
so much more japan has probably the best
transportation system in the world and
the trains can literally take you pretty
much everywhere while tokyo has more
attractions yokohama is much cheaper
than tokyo for a vacation or a long-term
stay the average rent for an apartment
in yokohama it's around 700 a month but
it could be a lot higher if you choose
to live in a place with more space the
average cost of living in yokohama is
around fifteen hundred dollars a month
but again it could be a lot higher
depending on your lifestyle and
accommodations the healthcare system in
japan is ranked top 10 in the world by
the world health organization
expats who live in japan for over a year
can enroll themselves in the national
health insurance you will be responsible
for 30 of their your medical expenses
while the government pays for the other
70
however getting a permanent visa is
extremely difficult in japan to stay in
japan longer than 90 days you have to
get a working visa or a spousal visa so
you have to either get a job or marry a
japanese citizen the permanent visa
takes years to process and comes with
several requirements the application for
the permanent residency also requires
you to go through a test process to
prove you are fluent in japanese display
good conduct during your stay in japan
pay income tax and have a strong
understanding of japanese culture
vietnam is a southeast asian country
known for its beaches landscapes food
and thriving tourism its neighbors
include china to the north and laos and
cambodia to the west and the country
looks like a letter s that lies by the
south china sea one of the coastal
cities called da nang is located 400
miles north of ho chi minh city and it's
the tourist capital of south central
vietnam vietnam in general is attracting
many american expats and even vietnam
war veterans are returning to vietnam to
retire there and vietnam's cost of
living is really really low and
according to the people living there
most couples can live comfortably for
less than fifteen hundred dollars a
month for some individuals you could
live as little as one thousand dollars a
month you could rent a three bedroom
three bath house in da nang for as
little as five hundred dollars a month
and most of them are not even a five or
ten minute walk to the beach for health
healthcare it's better for expats to get
their private health insurance because
they're required to take care of their
own medical bills and most expats would
prefer to go to private health clinics
because of the quality of care the cost
of health care depends on your age and
the status of your health so make sure
to take out an international health
insurance policy before moving to
vietnam vietnam does not offer
retirement visas but you have several
other options if you want to live there
for the long term you can apply for
visas that are valid for up to one year
you can extend your visa within vietnam
but it comes with a higher fee some
expats choose to save money by leaving
vietnam after a year and then reapply
for another one year visa at the embassy
the next one i want to talk about is
thailand thailand is located west of
laos and cambodia southeast of myanmar
and north of malaysia then there's the
gulf of thailand which is where bangkok
is located in the south of the country
but chiang mai in the north is expats
favorite retirement destination for many
years the cost of living in chiang mai
can be as low as twelve hundred dollars
a month the average two-bedroom brand is
about 500 a month or if you want
something fancier then it can be as high
as 1 000 a month the locals there are
very friendly and not to mention their
delicious local thai food they have
western style shopping centers food
courts and golf clubs all over chiang
mai i also read that you could buy a
beer for as cheap as 75 cents usd
according to the people living there
thailand has one of the best health care
systems in the region expats have to
however obtain private health insurance
prior to living there public health
insurance is only available for thai
citizens the private hospitals are
equipped with english-speaking doctors
and nurses as well as high quality
hospital equipment the cost of private
and international health insurance will
depend on your age and health and in
order to obtain a retirement visa in
thailand you have to be at least 50
years old and have a thai bank account
you also have to show that you have at
least eight hundred thousand thai bots
in your bank account or it's about
twenty two thousand dollars in usd or
you have an income of at least eighteen
hundred dollars per month or a
combination of both your passport from
your origin can't expire within a year
of arrival the next one i want to talk
about is taiwan taiwan is at the
junction of the east and south china
seas in the northwestern pacific ocean
unless you've been living under a rock
for the past 10 20 or 30 years there's
heightened tension between the people's
republic of china and the republic of
china i lived in taiwan for six years in
the 1990s my mom's side of the family
was originally from taiwan while my
father's side of the family was from
south korea despite its geopolitical
tensions according to an article from
business insider in 2021 many expats
ranked taiwan higher than anywhere else
when it comes to quality of life working
abroad and friendliness and i can say
that i had a great time in taiwan when i
lived there and about 10 of expats
living in taiwan are from the us while
china considers taiwan as a part of its
territory taiwan considers itself to be
more of a democratic island that aligns
with the west in taipei which is the
capital city of taiwan located in the
north of the island the average for a
two bedroom apartment is about fifteen
hundred dollars a month and it can go a
lot higher if you choose to live in more
of a luxurious area according to the
people living there now your cost of
living depends entirely on your
lifestyle your version of comfort may be
different from others some say it's
better to earn three thousand dollars a
month and some say forty five hundred
dollars a month the taiwanese government
has policies in place to allow
foreigners living in taiwan to get
social security retirement benefits from
the us you could also enroll in their
government subsidized care or the
national health insurance and expats get
taxed five percent of their wages for
nhi premiums their health care plan is
still far cheaper than the ones in the
us the most challenging part of retiring
in taiwan is deciding which visa works
best for you since they don't offer a
retirement visa you could get a tourism
visa for 90 days at a time by exiting
and re-entering taiwan to receive
another 90-day visa the easiest way
might be the investors visa which
requires you to invest a minimum amount
of 200 000 u.s dollars in a taiwanese
company the next one i want to talk
about is malaysia kuala lumpur in
malaysia is a popular retirement
location for expats since the early
1920s their beaches are ranked top 10
best beaches in the world and it's
almost like a central hub between
singapore thailand in indonesia where
you can plan your weekend getaways
there's a large expat population living
in kuala lumpur and people living there
enjoy scuba diving nature and wildlife
tours and visiting the patrona twin
towers according to the early retirees
in malaysia a couple could comfortably
live there with twenty five hundred
dollars a month the average rent is
about six hundred dollars a month which
comes with utilities and other amenities
if you want a really nice apartment in
penang with an ocean view then it could
cost you anywhere between 1 000 to 2 000
a month to rent health care in malaysia
cost a fraction of what you pay a home
each doctor's visit is about 20 dollars
and dental cleaning is about 25
expats are not qualified for the public
health insurance program in malaysia you
can pay for a private health insurance
company for as little as 100 a month
depending on your age and health in
order to apply for the retirement visa
which is called mm-2h and stands for
malaysia my second home retirees have to
show proof of retirement income of at
least 2500 a month you have to maintain
certain liquid assets anywhere between
80 and 125 000
depending on your age you can check out
the malaysian website for the mm2h visa
requirements and i will put their link
in the description below the next
country i want to talk about is south
korea let me know in the comment section
down below if you're a veteran ever been
stationed in korea in the past i've been
to south korea several times in the past
if you love shopping sightseeing singing
karaoke k-pop and food you can't go
wrong with living in seoul and there's
also a bilateral income tax treaty
between the u.s and south korea which
avoids double taxation if you work for
an employer there the agreement makes it
easier for retirees to qualify for
retirement benefits by letting you add
together your social security credits in
both countries i'll link the agreement
in the description below the average
rent for a one-bedroom apartment in
seoul was about 400 a month in 2021 but
that has likely increased due to
inflation but it really depends on where
you want to live and the lifestyle you
choose the cost of living in seoul is in
the top 30 percent of the most expensive
cities in the world you don't have to
live right in the middle of the city you
could save significantly more money by
living outside of the city limits the
cost of food and transportation are much
more affordable so they sort of offset
the cost of your rent south korea does
not provide free health care the cost of
health care depends entirely on the
expats income having private health
insurance may be more effective and
beneficial if you ever have to go
through a major medical treatment and if
you want to stay in korea for the long
term you can apply for a long-term f1
visa if you have korean family members
residing there an f2 visa if you're
married to a korean national or an f3
visa for those accompanying a spouse or
other family members with a working visa
in korea the next country i want to talk
about is the philippines the philippines
is an archipelago with more than 7 000
islands covering 116 000 square miles
the city of makati is located southeast
of manila which is the capital of the
philippines and it's the financial
center of the country the cost of living
in makati is higher than anywhere else
in the country because of its business
development and infrastructure expansion
according to the people living there you
would typically need a budget of fifteen
hundred dollars a month but in makati
it's better to have at least two
thousand dollars it really depends on
your lifestyle or accommodations renting
a small house in makati could cost you
around 700 to 1 000 a month depending on
the area expats living there recommend
getting private health insurance
coverage prior to your arrival because
the medical treatments there can be
expensive without coverage you can visit
the philippines without a visa if you're
staying there for less than 30 days you
can apply for the philippine retirement
visa or special resident retiree visa
for foreign nationals if you choose to
retire there you have to be at least 35
years old and the required time deposit
is 50 000
if you're at least 50 years old and have
a retirement pension of 800 a month then
the required time deposit is only 10 000
there are more and more americans moving
to cambodia over the last decade and
it's becoming an expat hotspot in
southeast asia cambodia is a small
country surrounded by vietnam thailand
laos and the gulf of thailand if you're
looking to retire and enjoy the
laid-back tropical lifestyle cambodia
might be your destination choice to
retire alongside 100 000 other expats
already living there a single person can
live in cambodia for as little as twelve
hundred dollars a month and a couple for
two thousand dollars a month the average
rent and camp pot is around three
hundred dollars a month and if you want
to get a three bedroom house then it
could be around 500 or 600 a month the
cost of living in cambodia in general is
very affordable with everything from
groceries restaurants utilities and
entertainment and i heard that you can
buy a beer for as little as 70 cents a
bottle what's also interesting is that
cambodia has top-notch dental clinics
with state-of-the-art treatments with
highly certified surgeons and
technicians and they're far cheaper than
what they would cost in the u.s if you
have a job in cambodia then you're
required to sign up for their public
health care system which cost 2.6 of
your wages most retirees opted to own
private health care insurance so they
could go to a better private health care
facilities if you want to retire in
cambodia you can get a retirement visa
if you're over the age of 55 unemployed
and you have to show proof that you're
financially sustainable without working
the retirement visa is initially only
good for one year but you can renew it
for 300 every year and it comes with
multiple entries in and out of the
country you have to show proof of
pension papers and social security
retirement benefits and have enough
money in your bank account to live in
the country without being employed i
hope you enjoyed this video and if you
want to know more about how to pick a
retirement location be sure to check out
these two videos so with that said i
appreciate you watching my video don't
forget to subscribe and i hope to see
you in the next video
have a good one
[Music]
you
