we all had male voices down their own
tiny here
I just seen something down why have you
chosen to remain here and that phantom
priest has been seen walking around this
area too which is interesting
hi guys thank you for tuning in to amy's
crypt I'm currently in the Philippines
standing in front of the old Diplomat
Hotel which I've just gained special
access to from the city to enter at
night so we're going to head in and do
some paranormal investigations
alright guys so we just an inside the
old diplomat hotel we're about to
continue our investigation because
haven't done so already go check out my
part one video because we're just
picking up where that one left off we
are about to be had upstairs here
because we heard some very interesting
and strange noises while we were
investigating downstairs
so we're going to go suss out what they
were going to link that video below for
you guys though
okay guys so picking up where we left
off we were just down yeah that's where
the water fountain is it's also the
place where a lot of people were drowned
torches executed including children and
babies well we're down there reaching
out we could hear some noises coming
from up here most see scratching tapping
kinda noises I just want to do a walk
around and see like if we get in swooped
by a bat or like maybe there was
something up here you know I'm saying so
we're just keep walking in the pot one
video to show you guys inside this room
down here and enroll go in that one
shortly that is a very interesting and
maybe one of the scariest rooms here as
well so is there someone up here with us
let's get me
this guy I just in this guy's face as we
went down the hallway and this is kind
of odd installation we didn't actually
explore this much today
okay less people here and I guess this
looks like a hot almost
there is a little tiny cucm mm-hmm I
don't I mean I'm sorry buddy I didn't
know that a little lizard like that
could make a noise as large as the one
that we heard downstairs but maybe it's
worth pointing human out
noibat's for anything
alright guys we were about to head into
the office and workspace of Tony $8 who
if you watched part 1 video you'll know
as the fake hairline he's like a psychic
healer and brought too many new people
into this hotel for the reason of
treatment of disease or ailments and a
lot of that went on in this room the
scariest part about this room businesses
also many he died so not only did he die
in here he died under strange
circumstances so he is said to have had
some kind of heart attack that some
people believe had a supernatural
aspects to say apparently he began
screaming crying in pain in this in this
room some people ran to help him but
were blocked at the door it was a unseen
presence blocking them from entering
that present only disappeared when his
scream stopped people entered and it was
too late he had already died apparently
during the autopsy it appeared as though
his heart had been physically squeezed
and like crushed so that's kind of
strange and it's interesting to think
about what kind of entities may be here
other than maybe just spirits and maybe
it was a disgruntled spirit I have no
idea do you have any ghost stories or
like a paranormal occurrences
this is very very much people maybe
people excited or well according to some
people like for the good that I
mentioned earlier there regards these
experts at mine over half of us they
come inside and then when they were do
is normally they'd see some lady just
standing there to fire for this yeah and
what will happen this one of the cars
actually pushed this entity and tried to
communicate with it but he thought it
was a person and turns out it was
because it kind of scared him yeah it
made him enough enough for him to do I
said that was an EMF detector on his
iPad that was just watched writing then
which is a bit odd so just set up up on
the fireplace now this is the only room
in the oldest memory cell that has a
fireplace and as Anton was saying there
has been got to have sighted a man's
dead
and maybe it couldn't be tiny like this
is what he died maybe his spirits do I
think is here do people believe that
tiny it's still here and a lot of people
do believe that his spirit is still a
stopper on this place and I'm far from
premises that they believe that his big
things are also stuck here they can move
on okay so tiny
along with his victims or he's
ventilation keeping them there for
forever those who they're trapped at the
result of him so tiny as a spiritual
healer was I guess a little bit
fraudulent you know claiming to heal
these people with these illnesses and a
lot of them who died within the hotel as
well which is interesting inside Tony
are you with us
tiny we know that you've shown yourself
to people in this room before can you
show yourself to us or come close to me
so that you can approach this lit up
screen on your fireplace
Tony do you believe that you were
healing people or did you know that you
were lying to them and conning them
can you give us a sign to him here in
this room with us
why wouldn't you let your patients leave
how many of them are trapped here with
you
okay I might actually try a spirit box
in this room in my last episode my
spirit box acted quite strange so let's
see what it does now alright so this is
a Starbucks session in a diplomatic
artillery any Chinese right let's pair
up to our killer see sounds normal young
are there any spirits in this room with
me can you ladies come forth like the
president's body tell me a name or
psychological me here
how you wanna that sounded like a female
voice are you one of Tony's patients
would you tell me your name
how many spirits in here
and know much of its Rose a tiny if
you're here can you come close to me and
use the device in my hands to say your
name really clearly
if tiny isn't here I wanted to talk to
anybody that died in hotel that was
being treated by him
when we add this hotel what nerve
do you believe that Chinese treatment
worked
they had to say something dumb you know
like flashlights
response I heard like it was so bad like
you were getting like like normally you
get you can win when we're doing the
spirit box you get a lot of music and
talk back betting this one like we
straight off the bat you got like three
like closest inked yes I didn't see the
light to be honest I have my eyes closed
when I'm filming a me do the spirit box
because I don't know I'm trying to
listen please
but yeah I didn't say I normally have
Mars clothes when I'm filming you -
spirit box because I helps me listen
should I keep going for a little bit
longer yeah I might just go for a little
bit longer this bear box guys we I got
distracted because I thought I'd seen a
little bowl of lie but it could have
been Antoine's light reflecting on my
blonde hair I don't know it was odd but
I don't think it was anything abnormal
if there are any any spirits here pepper
traded by tiny
my newer increase maybe you in your
anyone kind of price let me feel free to
communicate with us
here you are you
what happened to you
well you see
can you tell me what was wrong with you
why you still here at the team at retail
are you trapped
why can he not leave
did you say your name where would be
nice to know you are talking
thank you we have words for amyloids
terrible at listening to them in the
moment but we will be reviewing this
footage and seeing if we picked up any
other words phrases particularly things
that were relevant to what we were
asking if you guys hear something make
sure you leave me a comment and let me
know what it is that you heard all right
so I'm going way way way up to the top
but it'll go all the way to the brief
because it has a fantastic for you and I
just want to say that at night it should
be really lovely that's okay we just
sent a white cat guys cut kitty that's
the girl that's what's Parker the black
cat oh really
yeah all right guys this is an awesome
view up here this is magic
you can see the whole city and it looks
way cooler because we're in the
mountains so it's just sprawled across
all these hills I might just stay up
here on right also guys it is a very
full moon tonight some people you know
follow the moon cycles I don't know much
about it but maybe that will mean that
we will get lucky with the ghosts
tonight
see ya in addition to this great view we
also have a phantom black priest who sin
roaming around here near the cross is
where some priests were executed by
hanging and supposedly people have
captured what looks like a person
hanging from the front of the old
Diplomat Hotel in some images which is
particularly creepy all right guys so
we're standing on the very top of the
roof and I can see down to the bamboo
structure that is an art installation
surrounding one of the two water
fountains here you can also kind of see
through some of the boarded off windows
where actually they're not brought it
off are they it's free some of the
windows where they're working and this
place is actually blocked from entry
over there just down here as well it's
pretty high up
pretty crazy drop down to the floor but
we're on the roof in looking out you can
see the whole city this is a bird's-eye
view of everything basically 360 smack
in the middle of Baguio this is also why
this place was so valuable especially to
the Japanese during the war because it
was you can just see everything from
every direction up here we also have the
famous
across here so that's pretty awesome to
see that move the whole city we're gonna
walk around to the front we're not on
the very tippy top of the hotel anymore
but this is still part of the roof I
guess and that phantom priest has been
seen walking around this area too which
is interesting but I want to go take a
closer look at the original cross that
dresses the front of the building and
which is the area where people were
hanged
she's very terrible
you'll see that look
I've been like super distant it could
have been like a tree branch breaking I
heard something
okay and the thing is it like original
to the building which was built in
between 1913 to 1915 I believe so it's
pretty old and you can see the wear on
it
that's crazy so I just started a ghost -
obsession in that part of the diplomat
hotel which is kind of on the roof ruse
is currently in a hallway but this place
is interesting because there is a black
shadow figure priest that walks and
patrols this area people who are
security have sighted him
from the courtyard looking up to this
area and seeing the priest walk down
this hallway three where we are now
that's why we're choosing to reach out
here hi my name is Amy I'm looking to
make contact or talk to a priest that
has been seen in this area
if you're here don't be shy we don't
mean you any harm
feel free to come close
we want to know what happened to you
here
are you able to let us know why you're
still here
a lot of people have seen you in this
area why do you hang around here why are
you still in this very area
I'm getting a high magnetic rating here
it's very stable in that maybe there
could be something like in this wall
yeah I think I just found something
magnetized guys okay so just got a word
free on our grace dictionary on this
basically that means that fluctuation in
the environment triggered wood to appear
from dictionary could be completely
random and where you were holding a
thing against up myself lying around you
say you can't know that what I think
can you come close to me are you able to
trigger this device for me if you can
walk towards me
there's one in there I am hearing some
noises I sound distant one two sunlight
out of a chains of thumb Bradley
can you make a noise for us can you
knock on to something
what is your name
and happy being here
I just killed it so for some reason
I'm gonna stop recording
and it didn't work you have to say
something just went wrong with the app
it's never done that before it just
closed and now it's saying that
investigation was corrupt okay I don't
know what to do I'm just going to close
I maybe Steve maybe cook try it again
where you start a new session again okay
hasn't done that before so you need to
investigate that Jack I'm still
convinced about the whole priest knowing
how to turn off a cellphone that maybe
hey probably sees enough people with
cell phones it's like okay then turn it
off now all right all right so I'm
recording and did you just affect this
device in my hands
I just heard a noise behind me but it
sounded I don't know maybe it's that cat
can you come close to me please don't
turn my app off again
okay I'm gonna stop recording anyway I
think that video saved and that worked
fine I can hear those dogs still so I
think it might be better if we go back
more inside so that we can get rid of
external noises a bit more so head back
up to one of the lower levels so we're
gonna head back downstairs to room that
apparently a ghost has been sighted and
that's kind of that's gonna be fun right
about tonight
oh my gosh well that painting down there
we're in a very interesting part of the
odds of LeMat hotel ruin one of the
windows just at the front of it that
faces down into the main entrance and
this is a very cool place because our
friend Anton from Pine city fright to us
was rapping at one of his ghosts to us
down stairs in this area and he had his
back facing in this Barry window and all
of the people on his tour saw a face
from this window looking down at them
and this was after the hotel had been
completely closed and locked up there
was no ninya some of them are usually
caught his face on camera and it
appeared to also wave that's just like
really crazy for that many people to see
the same thing at the same time and even
capture it in a photograph so maybe when
we reach out of this room we're not sure
who that spirit may be or is there
around at this time but this is
certainly like an interesting area for
that I don't about to do a spirit box
session in the old Diplomat Hotel this
is in one of the rooms where I ghost
incited by numerous people at the same
time and also captured in numerous
photographs hi my name is Amy I'm
looking into Newport to stir the -
spices by numerous people in this room
there's a man here we have strange
himself out of his sleep can you say how
money
you seems quiet friendly waving to you
everyone down says why did you show
yourself
kawaii
why were you inside of this room
can you show yourself Toph
I said the security guards down here
hello
so someone down it
we all had male voices down there right
Oh sir just two guards yeah yeah so
while we're doing the spirit box session
we had a couple of loud my own voices
downstairs and we've just come out to
investigate and it was the security
guards of Nijo diplomat it looks like
two of them just like walked in and
walked out so I guess they came in and
we're talking so that was nothing
paranormal odd they're probably just
checking on us not being idiots in here
or signing event really getting too many
responses I felt in that front room so I
don't think we will go back in and keep
doing the spirit box
what is something worth mentioning and
19 is that there is a cell phone tower
and a radio tower that is in very close
proximity to this hotel so I'm not sure
if I could interfere with this or
produce radiation that may incite people
to see things inside the hotel there
hasn't been so many sightings here that
it's crazy right so on a point these
guys out and have studio in case you
notice them in some of my shots and
freaked out thinking that it's a bit
weird but there's actually part of in
our installation they do look very
creepy incent astir given the history
and whatnot of this building but they're
not anything as sinister
play I think that political but they're
not symbolic of graves or anything ya
rabb we're just gonna walk through some
of the rooms and just have the general
look around
this area over here is all closed off at
the moment to the public they might be
working on our redoing it kind of thing
so we can't really explore over there
can just kind of see through the windows
there's a whole series of rooms I think
this is like one of the grander meetings
a lot of the bigger rooms and you guys
can also see like originally flooring
down here to abandoned for a long time
so I just got super freaked out because
I spotted that standing of the nun that
like we showed you earlier
yeah Oh what the hell is that I think
it's made out of wax candle wax
it's a wax face that is creepy do people
do like seances inion they're like I'm
gonna draw the face of the person I were
designing the whole execution was going
on up there like people here who had to
sit still they couldn't move and so I
guess they probably got I see all right
so I think we've made a pretty good
clean sweep of the second-floor area so
we're gonna head back down another one
again
the priest all right
you guys cannot tell me that this isn't
creepy alright guys so we are back in
the one of the courtyards near the
fountains at the old diplomat hotel I'm
gonna reach out and do another spirit
box reason why I want to do another one
of these in this exact spot is if you
guys watch my part 1 video you'll notice
that this sounded odd it was really
quiet much more than it usually is and
it sounded as though some words or
segments of words were trying to come
through and they were at a normal volume
but there was no static or anything else
any other sound coming through which was
odd I knew it was odd at the time but I
was just like let's just roll because
there's some noises coming through that
allowed went upstairs exact same
settings on the spirit box and it worked
fine as it normally does so I'm gonna
try it again down here and this is a
place where a lot of crazy events
actually went on people were tortured
and murdered in this courtyard basically
particularly with the use of the water
and is fountain so let's give this a go
we also have this EMF detector on this
iPad setup so I don't know maybe that
will trigger something boo see it's kind
of doing the same thing again maybe okay
I'm just gonna stop for say
this is doing the exact same thing as it
was last time so maybe there is
something in this area that's affecting
my speaker or the device to make it
sound that way I don't know I'm still
gonna proceed and see if we do capture
voices because as I said earlier there
was some broken segments of words kind
of coming through that were audible and
hey it kind of takes out that static
noise so some people might actually
enjoy listening to this okay it's
working you know as normal weird
hello my name is Amy are there any
spirits in this courtyard or anyone in
this courtyard that wants to communicate
and you come close to us and say
something I would love to know what your
name is
can you please let me know the reasons
why you are at the odd diplomat hotel
how long were you here for
did you enjoy your time here or was it
negative
why have you chosen to remain here
are you a nun or priests somewhat first
in full ahead place if you are a priest
can you tell me or ninety
we here during the war
did somebody hurt you here
I stuck here waiting hanging around
is this a happy or sad place for you
and thank you all right so I don't know
did you guys get priests as well I had
priests but other than that it sounded
like radio stations - yeah and maybe it
was just something that we're just
listening for priests you know what I'm
saying do you want to hear that session
I sound a difference the ones who did
upstairs oh yes the ones upstairs
sounded different this one sounded like
radio stations yeah this was the same
exact settings I've had on all night
just say I don't know if it's like I
don't know just different areas I'm
picking out different types of noises
like it was really odd the very first
one that we did say where it didn't have
to or maybe like whatever was upstairs
the one that said yes was it hears of
those stairs I think maybe they just
wanted to answer one question and you
should probably felt you know what
that's it yeah yes goodbye
if I get out yeah and they didn't want
to talk yeah anything else they were
they eating and chatting yeah so we'll
I'll definitely be reviewing all the
spirit box footage there's always things
that I miss in the moment you guys do
hear anything that sounds relevant maybe
you speak Filipino as well and he heard
something come through in a different
language maybe even Japanese Japanese
military even occupied this place for a
while I'm not sure if anything else
would have come through but leave me a
comment and let me know alright so just
as we cut the camera we're standing here
talking here we heard a couple of loud
like thanks
yeah I wish I'd put them on camera it
was upstairs but did you guys come from
this direction side yeah is there
someone we can you make that noise again
I think everyone's around on eating okay
so there's something just it's quite a
bit of noise yeah can you make that
sound again for us
it always happens as you stop recording
and like stop paying total attention
and if something in here might've just
yeah maybe you guys can see like the
windows are or opens here too cause it's
like the wrong building so there is
potential for external noises to come in
and wind as well yeah I guess I could be
blown by something I don't know what it
could be
please do that again
okay do not do that again really all
right so we're now outside of the old
diplomat hotel and I thought the last
thing that we do to come and check out
the morgue like obviously that's a scary
part of this place right
so what does he John here there's like
maybe old like foundations of the
building this place was burnt down in
the 80s and this is all that remains
over just this little block here she's
actually but this was kind of like a
unofficial morgue and was required
because the man who was our friend Tony
who was here during the 70's and was
like a psychic killer had a lot of his
patients pass away here since they were
terminally ill so this was a place to
kind of store them and stuff and as far
as paranormal activity goes apparently
there's been an undecided by a couple of
people out here usually in this area
over here near and off just a touchy
this area here near this big tree so
it's kind of interesting and a lot of
dead man's dead man's tree I love that
okay so it's a little bit too noisy out
here by the morgue there's always dogs
going crazy so I probably won't do any
experiments out here because all this
background noise is like reducing their
validity so yeah alright guys so why I
have a little bit of light and I'm
outside I wanted to tell you and cover
one of the very creepy things about The
Diplomat Hotel that I haven't actually
spoken about yet and that's mostly
because we can't actually get down there
to access it but this place is actually
feel on top of a type of aqueduct system
and that is actually a lot of the reason
why this place is so strong and
reinforced and has managed to survive
not only bombings but a massive massive
earthquake it's inaccessible now it's
full of water and black mold so it's
like all entrances are sealed and it's a
no-no to go down there but when this
place was occupied by the Japanese it
was allegedly drained so they could go
down and use that space and it almost
acted as a type of prison or even a
dungeon so you can just imagine like all
the history
associated with this place already it
also had a crazy dungeon underneath it
so it's unfortunate like we can't get
down there but I mean it's so dangerous
it doesn't sound like someone we want to
go so I just thought I would try and
film this window right here that I'm
pointing up this is where Anton had
conducted a ghost tour and a lot of the
people on the tour seen a figure in
there a face and it was a group of
people that had sighted it and captured
photographs of it even it also waved at
them and the building was completely
empty so you know it had all been closed
up and and whatnot so it's pretty weird
that there was a would be a figure there
hello can you please pop your head out
okay thank you anyway okay hello cat
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope that you enjoyed these episodes
inside the old Diplomat Hotel one of the
most haunted places in the Philippines I
want to give a shout out to Anton my
friend from Pine city fright tours who
does excellent tours of haunted places
all around Becky oh you guys did enjoy
this video though please remember to
Like comment share and subscribe if you
want to read more about the old Diplomat
Hotel head to AmysCrypt.com you guys
can also find me @AmysCrypt on
Facebook Twitter and Instagram until
next time
