usually they take the whole arm and you
give them a half don't bring too many
valuables I broke my right TV the ladies
here are in between relationships right
yeah I've got some health issues I ended
up having a surgeon over here hi what's
your name my name Le Madison and where
are you from originally from Hawaii and
when did you come to the Philippines
2006 you've been here since 2006 yep
almost 20 years y that a long time yep
why did you come here
originally because in Hawaii it would
cost me $7 million to retire on the
beach here I did it for under 100,000
smart man I like that so are you single
are you in a relationship are you
married I'm in between relationships
right okay and what do you like the most
about the
Philippines out in the province quite
frankly where it's quiet I'm not really
a city guy but I hear a lot of things
like brown outs or lack of running water
and stuff like that they do have both of
those yes how do how do you manage that
when it's like no electricity cuz it's
so
hot well um I acclimated the first so
I'm pretty much okay with just I don't
use airon okay it's a
fan but uh I did cheat I put solar in my
house so I don't worry about Brown House
very much yeah you're very intelligent
it seems like honestly everything you
said it's like a perfect solution to my
problems I noticed you have a cane do
you have any health problems in the
Philippines did you visit the hospitals
or anything any oh I broke my right tiia
in a motorcycle crash here in Oso about
11 years ago and as a result he several
inches shorter right now MH the cane
however came from a guava tree that was
in my yard so you made that yourself too
actually no a g that worked for me did
okay I was going to say you're like
every man in one person if you made that
cane I would have been very impressed
yeah I wish could have okay and tell me
what do you miss the most about maybe
Hawaii back home
anything maybe the sea turtles a little
bit Yeah here they're kind of afraid of
you in Hawaii they'll swim around you
and stuff like that sounds beautiful
where's your favorite place in the
Philippines any specific
area no I don't really have a favorite I
got a lot of favorites okay but uh F of
seu M there other good places also do
you think you ever go back to the us or
do you think this is your permanent home
now I have no interest to go back in
well thank you so much for your time I
really appreciate it you're very welcome
hi what's your name hello I'm Robert oh
where are you from I'm Robert from
Norway and what brings you down here to
the Philippines so I always wanted to go
to the Philippines they are good in
English and uh it's very cheap here yeah
and people are are nice and friendly and
they have so many islands so you never
get bored definitely how many days have
you been here so I've been here like uh
5 days or something but uh I just
arrived here in SIU I've been to an
island called Bal MH where it's like you
can go to the beach and just relax how
many days will you stay in the
Philippines total so uh I'm going to
stay in the Philippines 10 days in total
and then I'm off to Bangkok Bang have
you been to Thailand before yeah and the
reason I'm going to Thailand now because
I have my return flight from Thailand
Okay Thailand is a good place for a hub
if you want to travel so a lot of things
you like about the Philipp anything you
dislike maybe something that can be
improved or better uh like everywhere in
Asia it's hard to find a rubbish bin so
you need to carry your own trash that's
something I don't like okay but uh and
um if you go to some of the poor
neighborhoods it could be scary but it's
nice to meet the local people so nothing
bad happened to me so I can recommend
also try to talk to the local people
that's great I was going to ask you
about safety concerns but I guess you
have no safety issues in the Philippines
uh just don't bring too many valuables
mhm uh used to Safe in the hotel yeah do
you have any travel or medical insurance
here yeah I have some uh medical
insurance from uh Norway I double
checked it before I left make sure it's
valid right yeah well hopefully you
don't have to use it hopefully not got
you thank you so much for your time okay
stay safe speaking of travel insurance
let's take a moment to thank today's
video sponsor safety Wing emergencies
can affect anyone and if you're in a
disaster PR country like the Philippines
it may lead to flight delays or even
hospitalization due to natural disasters
such as typhoons tsunamis and floods
safety Wing is an insurance provider
that covers you up to
$250,000 for any kind of medical
emergency that you may have while
traveling abroad things such as
ambulance rise hospitalization and any
kind of treatment that you may need the
great thing about safety wing it covers
you for coid and dental emergencies
plans start at just $45 and you can
cancel anytime so you don't have to sign
up for one year at a time safety Wing
offers several different products at
several different price points depending
on what your needs are such as Nomad
Insurance Nomad Health remote health
during my travels I've had a couple
close calls but luckily have never been
hospitalized I was happy to contact
customer service and felt reassured that
safe doing was there for me in case I
needed it so go ahead and check out safe
toing now I'm going to leave the link in
the description down below head over
there sign up now to be covered for your
next trip like I've been for the past 3
years now let's head back to the
interviews hi what's your name Joe uh
where are you from uh Arizona SL DTI oh
D meetti okay how long have you been in
the Philippines I came March 20 this
year and what brings you down here I
just came back from elnido for a couple
weeks uh and stopped in at subu and then
head to doag Getti tomorrow perfect and
what do you like like the most about the
Philippines so
far 80Â° weather you know morning noon
and night almost you know it's a
beautiful weather and it's affordable
okay it's similar to Arizona I guess the
weather or it more humid well it's way
more humid and and uh you know uh June
July August it's unbearable in Arizona
last place i' want to be on now you
mentioned cost of living do you think
someone can live in the Philippines for
under 1,000 us a month
uh no not really okay they could they
could survive I don't know about live I
understand um are you married you ever a
girlfriend single what's going out there
single U divorced you know been divorced
for 20 years no no Filipino woman broke
a couple months ago and uh so I guess
you dated some here in the Philippines
yes uh what's the difference dating here
compared to back home in the
US the uh the ladies here are more
attentive to um their boyfriend or SL
husband's needs um they're they're uh
family oriented yeah it reminds me of uh
June Cleaver June caver from the beaver
okay you know just uh great guess 1950s
you know like type uh uh women in
America is what you can expect over here
yeah I guess they're more traditional
over
here okay iar now what about any health
issues have you had any health problems
here in the Philippines
yeah I've got some health issues uh um
I'm going back to the US in November um
I'm a I'm a you know veteran so I I get
pretty good health care at the VA okay
and so I'll address my issues when I
once I get back have you visited any
hospitals here in the Philippines I have
what do you think of that tell us some
information I have no idea what the
hospital system like here I I um was
here prior to co having some dental work
done they found a cyst in my jaw and you
know just incidentally when I was doing
some dental work and I ended up having a
surgeon over here at the Sabu Doctor's
Hospital uh do the surgery and um I
felt that he was probably the best in
the country and if I went to the US I
was going to get a a first year or third
year resident or something so I took my
chances I'm glad to hear that I'm sure a
lot of people left to know about in the
Philippines and I assume the cost was
cheaper than the us if you had to pay
out of pocket actually you know it would
have been free okay you know because
I've you know served so my my health
care is free from this point out yeah um
but um it was about 3,000 us expensive
any dislikes of other countries so far
something that could be better or
improved dislikes
uh you know it's something more
something I have to reflect on myself I
I
uh I find them to be very inefficient in
a lot of times
um the you know where where they have
where two or three people could do the
job they might have 20 employees and
yeah and not one of them has any
responsibility for the customer
necessarily so
um it took me a while to get used to uh
Filipino time and uh but like I said
that you know that's that's on me you
know I just have to uh you know shred my
my Western uh sense of um being and the
values and and live on island time a
little bit more guys you that's why
you're here right to live on island time
right correct and I like your shirt by
the way so I guess you had a great time
in elnido I did yeah we went up and down
the coast um from nakan to elnido down
to uh um Las Cabanas and great service
us great you know great
beaches looking forward to doing it
again thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it all right thank you thank
you hi what's your name I'm John where
are you from from Denmark what brings
you down here to the Philippines oh it's
holidays and I I like to go diving how
long have you been here oh this time or
oh you've been here before how many
times have you been to the Philippines
like 11 12 times lots of times okay uh
where's your favorite diving spot oh
that would be po
I've never been there but I hear lots of
good things about it it's a paradise
Paradise I hear that a lot what other
things do you like about the Philippine
aside from the diving spots
um the difference between our society
the Western culture and this culture and
the
challenges what are some of the
challenges you see here in the
Philippines it's a poor country you know
so it can be hard to to help people if
you really want to too mhm okay because
usually they take the whole arm and you
give them a hand what about the
Healthcare in the Philippines have you
visited any hospitals here or anything
there's absolutely no problem it costs
nothing to go to the doctor so yeah it's
not a problem do you have travel
insurance yeah sure you have to have
okay why do you have travel insurance
what are some things you could foresee
happening here because when they open up
after Co yeah it was mandatory to have a
Trav so that's why I have one
I hear you and what about dating are you
single are you in a relationship I had a
girlfriend before from here but right
now I'm single again are there any big
differences dating a Danish girl
compared to Filipinas oh yeah tell me
some of them we all want to know um if
you experience real love MH then the
Philippine girls are much more jealous
for once and they are very protective
and they are super nice Vibes yeah okay
okay so they make great wives yeah okay
where's the best place to meet a good
Filipina that depends on the situation
going through the mall looking around is
usually a a good idea depends on what
you want of course well thank you so
much for your time man I appreciate it
hi what's your name my name is Rez where
are you from where you living I am from
Texas Houston Texas MH and uh I just
decided
to been wanted to come and check
filippine
out I recently retired and M I thought
about it and I uh there I am how many
days have you been here so far
um actually I've been in here for like 4
days and uh it's been a long time coming
yeah so uh what are your first
impressions of the Philippines so far
well uh it's more than what I expected
um
it's got beautiful sceneries all around
people are just very
kind and
um you get treated very nicely that's
great any dislikes so far something that
could be better maybe um not really not
that I can say now are you here for a
particular reason like retirement a
relationship or any purpose um yeah for
retirement mhm and
um yeah we'll see how it goes you're
open to anything all possibilities I
guess right do you have any travel
insurance medical insurance I know a lot
of people coming here have uh concerns
about Healthcare and all
that well I'm I'm sort of health
conscious so I like to say I'm B an all
my cylinders so yeah I do not have
anything um outside US mhm so I'm
reasonably healthy so I thought where
mon be okay yeah well you look healthy
hopefully nothing happens um anywhere
specific will you go to after the SIU
here
well yes the
um nearby
isans I'd probably be hopping
on
Negros and place called tumti I heard so
much about it looks like it's got a
quite a
's I heard there's quite quite a few of
them out there um yeah I'm probably
going to go spend a few days out there
like a week or so I made a reservation I
didn't watch but it looks like I'm
landing in a place that I may actually
like it's a little bit further away from
DTI at the time I did that I just wasn't
pay much attention there a place called
B okay and I hear this kind of mountains
and the temperature is cooler so that's
prior to come over here I just read
about that that's the reason I'm going
there because my initial
um uh what I got to know about
Philippines somehow I just went out
there and we get it as far as guys like
yourself yeah uh had
what offered and the YouTube channels uh
yeah and
uh I plan after that go to couple more
Islands okay well I wish you find your
perfect Paradise in the Philippines and
thank you for your time oh absolutely
leave your comments down below let me
know what you think of their experiences
when it comes to medical care or health
care in the Philippines and if you want
to buy your own travel insurance
consider using my affiliate link for
safety Wing down below and if you want
to know how I've been able to follow my
passion of traveling visiting different
countries living abroad working abroad
and even retiring abroad check out my
brand new community living abroad
club.com the link is in the description
down below where you have access to
like-minded individuals access to myself
and a private community and access to
fullon free Tut videos on exactly how to
do that so go ahead and check that out
the link is in the description and in
the comment section I'll see you guys in
the next one
bye
