but he's going on guys welcome back to
the channel man all right so I got a
good one for you guys today man it's
pretty much the Philippine and president
lashing out at this British reporter
yeah like I don't know what's going on
this reporter mana he's just like he's
just out to get the president or some
man or some agenda and he's just
attacking the president but anyways
before we get into this I know you guys
a lot of you guys probably know that I'm
coming enough to Philippines and I
figured you know what doesn't come no to
Philippines it's about damn time that I
start learning some Filipino man so
there's a speedy online that you guys
told me to check out one of you guys
said are the most common phrases in the
Philippine language something like you
know what for everyday I am honestly
gonna start learning and watching this
video so today we're gonna you're gonna
get today's one of those days where I'm
gonna watch the video for the first time
and try to pronounce it right and you
guys tell me down in the comment if I'm
doing it right or if I'm just way off
okay let's get into this okay so the
phrase is good morning okay I'm gonna
try to say good morning ma gun down oh
ma ma ganda Oh manga ma gun down Oh
manga that's alright let's try one more
time gun down sure again ma gun down ma
gun down oh ma gah oh ma ma gun down oh
macha ma gun down
Oh manga ma gun down oh ma da say that
one more time okay
very few people don't only the video I
know you guys like tempt to click up but
don't click up the damn video okay start
again ma gun down ma gun down
ma GaN dong Oh mah gaw Oh mah mah gahd
down Oh manga ma gun down Oh manga ma
gun down
oh my god good morning my gun down
Oh manga wow that's sounding presses let
me know in the comments down below man I
mean let me say it one more time my gun
down
Oh manga that's it right my gun down
Oh manga good morning good morning to
you guys specially night over here but
it's okay anyways man let's get to this
video now so apparently this this uh
this the British reporter here Manny I
don't know what's going on I don't I'm
not sure I'm feeling it's the same guy
from last time but I haven't quite
watched a video so let's see this see
what the prison had cement okay you see
how he's smirking there man you can tell
the President and the wit of prison
answers yes sir may I help you
and this guy's smirking he knows the
president he knows this guy is up to
something
you have to realign the Philippines with
China and with Russia is there room
within this realignment do you think for
an America led by Donald Trump and have
you forgiven him for what he said but
the Philippines being a terrorist nation
it's not really a world order of bombs
the world order of violence is the
economic economics you know USA you have
noticed now Korea was pissed off because
during the last rebellion America did
nothing to help in even a word or two
then the most serious is that they
wanted a guy his nama creature I think
and he's in the states and he wanted him
to be extradited to dirty
so third take that piece top and said I
will go to Russia and China and would
try to join the block and that is only
business
I'm sure turkey is not interested in or
no I think still the member of the NATO
so he cannot be an ally in lions in
another militarily he fears his
membership would not go for NATO okay
one thing is that that's why I said and
redirecting the policy usually in the
even in the past years we talk about
purchases of armed it's always the made
in America real gear shifts and be down
was given to us or not really given
three they were the most bold vessels
say assets not needed by America anymore
Hamid are given to us were they not
really before his own but reprise I said
it's about time that we redirect our if
the Synod
I forgot carbine does not want to sell
rifles with us Oh put in said that you
can have
I'll give you buy one and take one
almost like that
if you is that if you cannot buy us
anywhere go to me you buy one then take
one this is for free so I get double I
should I should I have to belabor the
point with the turban if it does not
want has to be allies then we'll go to
Russia China you don't deprive your ally
with arms because your alliance has to
protect its public if the order
internally and
so foreign aggression to repel okay if
you do not want to sell arms to us on
the question of I just had my figures
when I was flying in was reading
something the debts of America was 40
and world 40,000 oh where is he
and the moment they talk about that's it
that's the war in the US Congress
what a popular bill because there are
pressure as I said that State Department
has because of your multiracial
population they have groups they're the
LGBT or they go to State Department guys
we go to Liberia and no fair a Tennessee
starts but they said come out with the
law that would allow six same-sex
marriages what's happening
where are the principles that the the
builders of America lost along the way
way to him Philippines he does they do
you that even know that the first two
months of a prison even before the
elections were already a lot of feelings
even before I was elected there were
looked at the records the first two
months were not ours we could we do not
trap people with plastic why do you have
to carry in from there and this were
deporting and the cleansing of I said
there were a lot of generals never as a
matter fuck when I came in I said I
named him public baby I told him before
the election leave the service because
if I get to be there I will name names
okay it was you know realize that there
are so many municipal so what I'm
getting from this so for a man it's like
he's not he's not saying just trying to
say because he went to Russia to buy
guns from Russia that he's instantly
become a terrorist or trying to align
himself with China and Russia know what
it seems like he tried to go with their
allies which was the Americans first and
the Americans did not want to give them
guns or or for whatever reason or
whatever stupid reason so if you're not
selling me guns that I need to protect
my country then I'll go somewhere else
and buy the guns to protect my country
it's not like I am going to align myself
with that country I just need the
weapons to protect my country and since
you're not willing to sell it to me and
we have someone else's will and sell to
me we're gonna buy from them and now
we're getting at two-for-one right
compared to America I'm Eric what I
notice a lot just me talking okay
America tends to
keep other countries below them
especially when it comes to like power
like I said my other video man America
is the world policeman international
police that's the major problem they
always want to have more power than
everyone else everyone else no one else
can have power except for America people
and cp1
died in prison I I don't know maybe I'll
do a research and give you the answer
one of these days so how do you expect
to die just make the trick that I to
assume rather that all killed by people
of government with the mayors themselves
we are in doing and there are still me
yours still there
blaming the dark of politics game and
I'm warning them again the sky is you
may not want to hear it but you will not
only lose your pants the narco states of
Latin America where as you know
associated with the term death squads -
and in this country since you became
president in the five months since you
became president more people have
actually been killed than died during
the nine years of the Marcos
dictatorship which we thought we've also
been learned about I could ask the same
question why is America losing 40,000
lives drug-related cases what makes do
what makes the Philippines different
from America ok that is a good point man
because he's seen the lies there a loss
from a jury like drug-related man
because he's trying to clearly clean the
Philippines from what you guys told me a
lot of you guys are reading the comments
man I love you guys are saying that you
guys feel so much more safe to go out at
night
since president this present has come to
power man a lot of you guys said before
you guys didn't feel safe you guys can
stay out at night but since he came to
power he has changed so much things man
make corner with the corner of America
it is not that is what you say but to
supply the arms that's right who so has
faded a country Nicaragua Panama you
want to talk about the law that's right
look what America did they invaded
Panama the president still in prison in
the United States Wow they invaded the
country on a question or in issue
because drugs flooding America and they
had to take out food retina same America
went to war so they destroyed not only
discipline take the fractured the
country it's it's non-existent actually
and we have to kill Saddam to get the
leader that's right and because America
went inside only protects that there
were weapons of mass destruction oh you
have to admit to the world and by the
way why is America not a member of the
International Criminal Court let me ask
you Wow see Wow they are invoking
extrajudicial killing calling upon the
Human Rights Commission and defining
extrajudicial killing
which is in the chapter of which is not
a signatory do you know that that
America is not remember and yet they
threatened leaders and president you do
not do that to me to me you are a prick
Wow
by what standard or language the wheels
so I would say do not talk about it that
lives about people with my own citizens
you have destroyed countries and the
prime their sovereignty Wow so we worry
stay with the moral business tell me
what is the moral basis of the zombunny
change that America did in the name of
Human Rights let us let us you know when
we talk about national issues
internationalism we have to set the
parameters or else my country in
dynamite oh la la bus I am NOT your you
will publicist or let it out the nail
Patel my countrymen yes we are being
called by names everywhere with no proof
no proof and here you are America
invading a country having it killing
people in the process children adults
and all and even the domes given the
dogs on the goats and the lungs only to
see earth we committed a mistake no
weapons of mass destruction Wow
oh man okay
when I see this president like like I
think like he's just honestly tired of
other people coming into his nation and
telling them what to do when when you
can deal with your own issues that's
less that's what I see
like honestly he is trying to do make
change to the Philippines man and when
you get other people coming in all the
time and telling you like listen you
can't be doing this
you must have weapons you are lying in
yourself you're terrorist like what
proof do you have
let it's just hearsay if that's what at
the end of the day is just hearsay like
you you're assuming or making things up
I mean if you had proof that I could say
yeah we aligned ourselves or we have
mass destruction like weapons like he
made a good to the point of the sedan
man in Iraq they had to kill Saddam in
order to get to get the president this
does not make any sense like the Saddam
have a trial no they just killed him
there's the videos online of them
showing today I'm hanging like he's just
messed up but hey like so that was
hanging and America just laugh and that
them like soldiers just laughing think
it's funny so I honestly think I got
after watching this this president is
honestly tired of America playing
international police he's tired of the
Westerners when I see Westerners like
other nations trying to say listen we
are we are more advanced and civilized
compared to your country he said of it
and he's trying to make a difference
he's honestly tired of the Westerners
coming in saying that they're more
advanced they're more civilized he wants
to make a change he wants to protect his
country like everyone he once protects
his countrymen who wants to make it
better for everyone in his country
that's what I'm getting from this
but I don't know man let me know what
you guys think about this after you guys
watch this hopefully I said on watch the
whole thing and let me know what you
guys think in the comments man what do
you guys honestly think was the
president right it was a report right
the reporter does no ways talking about
or nah me cuz la do you guys think this
guy is the greatest president that's
what I think anyways if you guys made
all wait in the video man you guys like
the video get the video thumbs up you
guys absolutely love the video man hit
that subscribe button turn that post
notification bells on and catch guys
next one right peace alright
salamat PO I learned that one for free
dee ba just
