AHA Granberry if watermelon yeah yeah
yeah there you for doing
I'm Chris and I'm from Cebu I'm Jessica
and I'm not actually we are at seafood
island about to explore this amazing
poodle deep red dress it's a traditional
way of eating for us Filipinos where we
lay out all the food in one long table
there are no plates there are no
utensils we eat with our hands so it's
kind of like a way to bond so what'll
fights are normally served in special
occasion oh there really is no rule as
to where you can serve a little point
but from my experience it's usually
where your you've come in a community
and it's how a community welcomes guests
from out of town
yes exactly you have any party so if you
have relatives from abroad and you bring
them back then you have little fights to
sort of welcome them home yeah
so what starts I will start with the
topic seaweed yeah oh this is a lot of
thing done this is gustav or seaweed so
I'm just gonna like I don't know you
might want to have fun and vinegar
really yeah it's way better okay this I
I'm hoping this is vinegar there's
pretty sauces beside me I'm pretty sure
it is okay so here's really the goosal
or the seaweed is kind of like an on the
side thing something that you eat
the oily yeah it's a good lens your
palate actually it's really good I am
going to start with this barbecue
starting strong yep let's do this
I'm just going to go dig in in the
middle and be all unhygenic about this
oh you got the strip strip you like it
just how quite barbecue should be okay
next I'm gonna try this squid thing and
they drizzled it with chicken in a sauce
sauce so chicken is in the fall is this
baby over here and they put the same
sauce on the squid which I'm trying to
take off okay up Nick I will try this
chicken in the south
what is the sauce that they put on the
chicken itself it's really good
that's 2015 but you add in that makes
the gimps a yellow texture and it tastes
good yeah and the chicken oil is
drippings from when you cook the chicken
and the soy sauce pork you gotta have
some rice and the rice if they're
serving here they've popped rice with
tiny fish and slow sauce so there is no
Filipino meal served without rice
everything comes with rice and I think
it's because all the food that they
serve here in the movies is super
flavorful so you need kind of like a
carb to balance it out something bland
I really is no clown I'm sorry how what
the are you talking about
super love me right now I don't know how
to get it out oh this is so hot line
principal sighs tiny tiny feet hey good
it's worthy of feeling good some that
try it try it
also in this spread are some grilled
vegetables so you have tomatoes you have
eggplants the kind of have a short break
from all this I'm still working on
scraps like there's also dry of green
mangoes paired with some ripe mangoes
that's already covered with rice the
beauty of it may add up
mixing it up so let's try this green
mango dip it in my favorite song oh
what's our videos though it is a while
ago when you really took a break and do
oh that has really cleanse my palate now
green mango is something that we often
eat in the Philippines as well I don't
know if they eat it as an appetizer in
other countries but here it's normally
serve as an appetizer with bug oil which
is shrimp paste you dip the green mango
that is sour into this thing which makes
it
I don't know salty sour brings out the
flavor mmm
and makes the mango savory and of course
how could I have forgotten someone who
seems to be the star on the show look at
that endowed with all of these seaweed
and hanging shrimps oh ok be a pretty
special fish I know so I almost don't
know how to really attack this just get
in there girl I'm gonna leave you guys
I'm just gonna get in out of lipstick
this is tilapia fish yep I don't know
what it's called in English tilapia
cheers Cheers
what a beautiful meal
nothing quite like sebou mangoes I
propose that mangos this whole time Cebu
is known for their mangoes they're super
sweet so I'm taking this one I can vouch
for that it is a watermelons just as
good
cranberry looking yeah yeah yeah they're
even doing and that's pretty much all
that this spread has to offer I think
Chris and I are gonna finish this now
we're gonna work on a little more and
had to watch you're gonna leave us to me
please
[Music]
