I remember when I was a kid I was
drawing myself with a football kit with
a Filipino flag on it that never
happened but to be a part of now United
and represent the Philippines something
bigger than
[Music]
I was born in Cebu it's an island in the
Philippines Cebu is the second main city
in the Philippines after Manila I
remember playing games outside with my
friends the game where you had your
flip-flop and you would throw it I can
and the first person to hit the can
would win
I remember the food I ate which I
wouldn't dare to eat now like I ate like
bad lot which is a fetus of a duck
it was raining I'd always go outside
with my friends and just shower in the
rain it rains quite a lot in the
Philippines actually I grew up with my
parents and my family my Lolo and Lola
who were my grandparents my family are
so close they all live in like a small
like house like the whole family is
about like 20 of them very loving it is
a loving place
my parents they've been singing their
whole lives it's been their main job
since they were young my mom was nine
she was working for her family she used
to sing it like bars and my dad I think
it was the same thing for him
they sang on the cruise ship that's how
they met I think they sort of passed it
down to me I'd always hear them saying
and that kind of inspired me as well
[Music]
yeah I moved to England without knowing
any English he's a bit of a crazy move
so I went to school and I didn't really
talk to anyone I was like kind of mute I
didn't understand what they were saying
to me I felt obviously I felt different
from the other people I felt secluded
and then my uncle introduced me to
football
from there I played football all the
time and I think it really helped me
blending in with the other other boys
other kids
it helped me learn obviously English and
also help me learn the traits of being
English as well if you know me know when
I first know how to play football all I
really wanted to do in my life was to
proceed in becoming a professional
football player and then I went for
trials I didn't get into that so yeah
that really let me down so I was like
all making to do because all my friends
are saying it making fun of me
so 2015 my dad he asked me if I could
like sing 30 seconds of a song with my
choice just so we could share my family
if I could sing on that for a year I was
very hesitant I didn't want to do it
your way
[Music]
my dad said Bailey your videos gone
viral I say what you mean viral and he
said it's got 50,000 views in like 10
hours and then from there really it
kicked off my social media exploded
everyone was like adding me on Instagram
and everything and I checked like where
these people coming from and they're all
coming from the Philippines
[Music]
and then after that I went into doing TV
shows and everything yeah that's really
crazy from a 30 40 second video
[Music]
when I first heard I was gonna be part
of now United I can believe me like I
jumped out my seat and I gave a huge hug
I just got a rush of adrenaline my god
the thing that excites me about nighted
is just the fact that you know this is
the first time this has ever been done
in history
you teach you'll be looking pretty going
at it all night and just a message just
to spread positivity the thing with
music and performing I think that's
really the only way that we could
probably change the world because music
it breaks through barriers
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
