what is going on guys back at it again
another video you guys know what is it's
your boy careful anyways man
so I recently the video about how
powerful is the Philippines you guys
haven't checked out go check it out go
check it out anyways one of you guys
Jupiter what's telling me yo Kevin you
want to see how powerful the Philippines
are man there is history about the
Korean War you know it says 1400
Filipinos versus 40,000 Communist
Chinese during the Korean War man I
don't know those numbers seem hella
stacked man this guy show me how
powerful they are and how much heart the
Filipino fighters got man anyways let's
go check that video now let's let's go
okay
Wow
the heart man
it's the heart
fine
Chinese
sustained
okay they're new ships
I'm the bedside
the
another
air force now
oh wow they are building their airforce
very experienced
we shall beat them again
oh man I did not know man those are some
crazy numbers man
1400 Filipino soldiers vs. 40,000
Chinese soldiers men and 7000 Chinese
soldiers died lost their lives that day
when it defend a lie at only 24
Filipinos lost their lives man oh man
those numbers were so stacked against
them but they held the line man I know
like I said the Filipinos have so much
heart man so much heart behind them and
they'll defend to the last one man
they'll defend for whatever cause great
cause cuz they're fighters man they keep
pushing forward man that is insane
numbers and I'm watching now how you
guys are just continuously growing your
forces man your naval forces your air
forces man you guys got so much like you
guys are like honestly you can't mess
with the Filipino because like I said
the army is growing
they're hot they have so much heart they
just don't wanna stop man you guys don't
know when to stop like I did I watched
another video of the bat other guys
checked out the basketball video man
when the Australians ganged up on that
one Filipino and then everyone came and
Oh looking Abed instantly jumped on him
and it was a big brawl man instantly you
don't mess with wood if you mess with
one you mess with all man that's well
they're like they may be Filipino people
may be super friendly
honestly the friendliest people in the
world but you gotta know how to treat
you gotta treat them how you would want
to be treated in that honestly if you
don't treat them how you would want to
be treated you're ready for a world of
hurt man like seriously like it's just
gonna all gang up on you put still man
watching this really makes me think like
yo you may not meet they may not have
the numbers they may not even have the
best technology or whatever man
but they got heart and it will fight
till the end
that's it they'll simply fight till the
end man they won't give up and the plus
is so trained and determined damn how
you gonna fight against that who ever is
man let me know what you guys think
about this videos first time watching
this cuz the war a Korean man I really
open my eyes to some things man and
that's just crazy and even now the
Filipinos building that Philippines are
building their army and if I probably
you should have messed with them man I'm
telling you should not mess with them
like Canada you know like you better
take that garbage back anyways if you
guys enjoyed that video you guys know
what do man hit that subscribe button
right now and give me that thumbs up
comment down below turn polls
notification bells on catch you guys
next one all right peace
just
