In the name of god, the 
beneficent, the merciful. Bad 
to be here, I guess. Um I 
believe I've been called or 
inspired or convinced within 
myself that now is a good time, 
a good day. For me to begin my 
own active YouTube vlogging 
channel Uh again, I don't know 
how often I'll be doing this. 
We'll have to see. But we're 
here now for part five. This is 
the final chapter. In the 
series of the featuring my top 
five Filipino vloggers. And I'm 
using them These vloggers, 
Filipinos as prototypes or 
examples of the type of women 
that a Westerner would 
encounter if they want to 
pursue a relationship over here 
with a Filipino. What type of 
Filipino would you encounter? 
And we have covered the 
fortyish year old widow with a 
child We've had the 30 year old 
woman single, no children, and 
not dating. Apparently not even 
dating now. Lisa sound like 
she's not dating. Of course I 
may want to do something about 
that. Very shortly. The the 
mother who's still a married 
woman, still married four 
children, no divorce, no 
divorce in the Philippines, 
only annulments and it takes 
years in money. And it's a 
crime to consort with a married 
woman, brother. You could be 
arrested for that And then 
finally, we dealt with the 
young 22-year-old single woman. 
Of course, single, no children, 
him have most likely, you know, 
no, little or no sexual 
experience. You know, you got 
young, you know, fresh, young 
woman there. Um, you know, the 
width. So now, we're going to 
deal with the fifth person. The 
fifth person, I'm going to go 
ahead and just since I got this 
on my, since I got this on my 
table this young lady here, her 
name is Rica. And she has a 
YouTube channel called Filipina 
Petite. And she is a very 
successful vlog and I believe 
one of the best out there. Bar 
none. I don't care who you 
name. Rica, Filipino Petite is 
among the best Filipino 
vloggers out there. She's 32 
years old. Now, she is the 
straight, the single mother. We 
haven't had just a single 
mother. Single mother, her 
daughter maybe about eight 
years old. She's never been 
married. Uh I guess she had a 
boyfriend. I have had people 
that she's talked to but she's 
currently from what I 
understand. She's she doesn't 
have a boyfriend now. A real 
single mother. She's a vlogger. 
One of the most successful. She 
has over fifty 000 subscribers. 
I think she may have fifty-six, 
5seven, something like that 
that she's nearing that mark. 
So, she's very successful. What 
do I see? And I've been 
following her. Probably for at 
least six months or more. And I 
stuck with her all this time 
and you know, been, you know, 
corresponding with her, always 
like a little like to be on her 
lives where I can interact with 
her directly you know, right 
there on the live chat And you 
know, we just changed some 
messages and emails, or 
whatever. Hopefully we may be 
able to, we're going to be 
doing some. I've been after her 
to sing ever since I heard her 
sing on a vlog. And she has the 
most beautiful voice but I 
cannot I haven't been able to 
convince her that hey, let's 
sing You know, I'm a musician. 
Of course, I got a music 
company. So, I hear somebody 
that can sing. Hey, I want to 
try to recruit them but I 
haven't been able to convince 
her yet but I'm consistent and 
that's one thing we're talking 
about. You're going to date a 
pursuer of a relationship with 
a woman like that. Rica says 
she likes consistency. So, I 
believe that I fit that bill as 
far as paying consistent and 
persistent in trying to get her 
to sing and trying to get into 
some other things, you know, 
with me. but 32 years old a 
real single mother 
Uh she's from the province, 
Bico province. Biko province. 
So she's a province girl. She's 
probably the most province girl 
of the province girl. Maybe she 
may have will arrival in 
Junibel for that title. But she 
does her vlogs. 90 plus percent 
of them are done in her little 
in her small house. I guess 
bamboo and wood. House in Beaco 
Province. So, I mean, when you 
see her, you looking at the 
province. She she ain't she 
ain't pretending. Look at that 
backdrop. She is in the 
province, okay? She's in the 
province. On a farm, her 
family, you know, farms, rice, 
and I guess other vegetables. 
and I believe they sell em in 
the market. So, she herself, 
she sells in the market. I 
guess, assist with and Caesar's 
traditional Filipino all the 
way through. Uh and you can see 
that. She's about to cooking 
and the cleaning and taking 
care of her man. And 
solidly. 
Any sane, any sane man 
of good character who wants to 
do right by a woman that he has 
a desire to be with or 
whatever. She is, she is at the 
top. She's the top of the line. 
Rica, Philippine, Petite, is 
top of the line. This is in my 
opinion, not going to just 
state this. Uh, it can be for 
entertainment purposes or 
whatever. Uh, you know, the 
names have been reveal to 
protect the guilty here in this 
case. Yes, I'm guilty. I love 
her, okay? I'm guilty. I love 
her. I love all these women 
that I have have covered in 
this series. But the names have 
been revealed to protect the 
guilty. In this case, I'm the 
guilty. But she has the same 
type of same hallmark qualities 
that Sharon talked about out. 
She's oddest. She's straight 
up. I said, look, I'm from the 
province. I'm from the country 
This is who I am. Taking or 
leave me. You don't have to 
watch my channel. Whatever. 
This is me. She's honest. Rica 
is honest. Rica is authentic. 
Authentic. She's a province 
woman. She's province. She 
ain't trying to put up no 
front. She's ma sure. Very much 
for sure. I think she worked 
overseas. Worked in Dubai on 
one of them countries. As a a 
overseas worker. I don't know 
they call them OAWs or 
whatever. She did that. So, she 
has that experience of working 
in the foreign country and 
again, she did, you know, did 
have a relationship with the I 
guess with the of obviously 
with the father of her daughter 
that apparently didn't work out 
or whatever. So, she's single 
now and she and she I don't 
know if she's dating anybody 
seriously right now but again, 
I just picking on Rica just 
using her for an example. 
Foreign men over out there who 
may see is you among those that 
you may meet are women who are 
in their early 30s who had a 
child, at least one child In 
this case, she's never been 
married So, there's no widow 
situation. There's no divorce 
situation. There's no 
annoyment. She's single. She's 
never have been married. So, 
with her, you know, had that 
issue about is not a crime to 
you know, to, you know, try to 
date Rica or or someone like 
her, you don't have that. So, 
but one thing you do have to 
consider is, you know, if 
you're a person who wants to 
move to the Philippines, do you 
want to live in the province? 
There may be an issue. Uh are 
you willing to work I mean, to, 
you know, have some type of 
relationship where you may stay 
in the province or near that 
province. Uh, but for what I 
can see and I just bring this 
up, I would say you meet a 
Filipina in a certain place, 
you just about want to settle 
close to where they're residing 
now. Not saying it has to be 
the exact city. But certainly 
enclosed somewhat close 
proximity to where they are. 
So, if you're taking somebody's 
living in Manila, you probably 
going to have to be have 
yourself ready to say you 
want to sell in a in on the 
island of Luzon or near Manila. 
If you're in Cebu area, you're 
talking about want to deal with 
Cebu Island or you went in so 
many miles of Cebu City. Uh and 
same goes if you're going to 
devour in Mindana 
oh Kaia or these other places. 
Uh Baraka, Negros, Oriental, 
Occidental, Leyte. Figure all 
who wherever the Filipina is 
that you're interested in, 
think you want to deal with, 
strongly consider whether you 
want to reside, the thing, you 
know, you talk about that type 
of physical, that serious 
relationship, in. You know, you 
just something you gotta look 
at but Rica is definitely 
honest. She has integrity. And 
I've seen and I just pause here 
and just just to catch my 
breath as I I think about Rica 
right now. 
I have seen Rica Over the past 
few months, take more abuse and 
mean and rude comments and bad 
treatment by people in her 
comment section. Did anyone I 
have ever seen? There's no 
other vlogger. None. I don't 
give. I don't care who you 
name. That has received the 
abuse that Rica has received in 
her 
So, her viewership, I don't 
even, I won't say these people 
are subscribers but viewers or 
people that follow her for 
whatever reasons. So, 
everybody's intentions is not 
good. Some of it is good. Uh 
so, a lot of these guys is 
evil, okay? They evil. They're 
devils. And they're they're up 
to no good. But I seen them do 
a lot of attacking Rica. 
Criticizing her because she's 
in the bamboo house. Uh she's 
in. Other thing that she's done 
they want to find I heard some 
low-life devils that 
They 
gave her a two-dollar 
chat. I know y'all $2 is not 
even a super chat to me. That's 
like a baby chat. And do you 
know these people think because 
they sent Rica 2 dollardamn 
chat that she owes them like 
hours of her time and 
attention. And they had a nerve 
to contact her and ask for 
their little $2 back. You know, 
man, I could, I had to, I've 
been smacking the hell out of 
em. I mean, you you deserve 
hell and damnation. Whoever you 
are that that did that, that 
has done this to Rica. Imagine, 
you give a little 2 and you 
think that Rica owes you an 
hour her time because she 
didn't answer your question or 
responsibly to you that you 
have to ask for $2 back. You 
bastard, okay? I don't like 
that. You you need to die. I 
digress. Rica's honest, 
authentic a beautiful person, 
very beautiful personality. 
She's a great communicator. 
Great communicator and she's 
mature, very mature. She, when 
she deals with a subject, I 
mean, she she gives a very even 
calm delivery, calm, demeanor, 
even tone, a sweet tone of 
voice, I told you she could 
sing but I I can't convince 
her, convince her yet to sing 
with me. Beautiful voice. I 
mean, this is the kind of voice 
where you could just find one 
of her vlogs 
I'm serious And just put the 
vlog on like in your when you 
try to get your baby to go to 
sleep. You put on Rica. Put on 
Filipino Petite. And just have 
her be on a vlog for 10 minutes 
or whatever. Your baby 
whoever's having trouble 
sleeping. You go to bed to 
sleep. Because her voice Rica's 
voice is just that calming. And 
quite quite fond of her and and 
I will say this too that I'm so 
thankful and appreciative 
personally of her that she 
acknowledges me. She's a she 
acknowledges my messages, my 
emails, when I leave a comment 
in the vlog. She acknowledges 
it and answers with thanks or 
brief comment. When I'm in her 
live vlog she mentions my name 
and I love the way she says my 
name Geechee Lyon and she 
recognizes me. I mean I'm 
somehow I feel like we have a 
connection. We have a 
connection. Again, we're 
somebody where I think we have 
a fondness for each other and 
and a respect, mutual respect, 
mutual admiration for each each 
other and I appreciate her so 
much for treating me you know, 
like a human being or somebody 
that's worth you know, paying 
that few seconds, taking that 
few seconds, seconds to answer 
a text, or answer vlog, 
comment, or email. And Rica has 
done this over several times. I 
actually communicated with her 
about the current project that 
I just finished. Again, the 
music video is coming. And I'm 
saying, looks like June 16th, 
because that's Lord, that's 
Sharon's daughter birthday, her 
sweet 16th, June 16th The name 
of the song I wrote is I'll 
tell you who she is And in that 
video, that that video features 
my top five, which is Rubuty, 
Sharon Lapu Lapo, Rowena, Judah 
Bell, Filipina Elated, and of 
course, Rica. 
Filipino 
Petite. So there you 
have it. And that's something 
you gotta look at again. What 
I've always said this from the 
beginning. Dare present you an 
idea who they are. Now, what I 
like in general about all of 
these five vloggers that I 
named. They've been very honest 
and forthcoming about their 
personal life, their personal 
information, their personal 
struggles. And you don't get 
that. I mean, I haven't 
encountered that. That's 
something that I think you 
don't encounter. That type of 
honest and integrity from 
somebody that you trying to 
communicate with. They usually 
not going to be trying to get 
into their personal Details 
like that with total strangers 
and that's what these vargas 
have done. These five, they 
shared their personal lives 
details with total strangers. 
Whether it be deaths, 
relationships, maybe financial 
struggles, health issues, what 
have you. They have beared 
their souls you know, to to 
strangers. I don't know if most 
of us, I would say probably, 
Most of us strangers out here 
not worthy to have to have the 
attention you know, or had the 
regard from women such as this. 
I mean, these are the these I 
consider Filipinos and these 
women here represent the best 
that god makes. 
That's 
the that's the way, 
that's the way I view these 
these particular five 
vloggers here. Talented 
vloggers in a professional 
level in the entertainment 
world but also high-quality on 
a personal level and individual 
level Rica's right up there. 
Absolutely top five. I don't 
know. I mean, I have an idea 
why Sharon might have not had 
Filipino Petite in her top 
five. Maybe she's not as known 
because she's, you know, in 
Bico Province. Hopefully, I can 
get we get Rica to come to Cebu 
Island where she can meet up 
and have a meet up with 
Judah Bell, Sharon, and Rowena. 
They're all there on Cebu 
Island. And maybe we can get 
real beauty over there to do 
the same thing. I'd like to 
actually be over there and do a 
vlog or just be have a meeting 
with all five of them. That's 
kind of a dream thing. 
Filipino 
Petite. Men out there 
again. Filipino petite. She is 
definitely a prize. And a lot 
of you hear it almost every 
vlog. Somebody makes a comment. 
How what a wonderful wife she 
would make. And she's very 
she's very clear. She's very 
honest that she wants. She 
wants to be get on the 
committed, loving relationship 
with the right man. And that 
she's willing and has that 
attitude that she wants to 
treat her man like a king. Not 
like a damn dog. Which is what 
mostly what you get over here 
in America. And my cousin asked 
me today. I told him I'm moving 
to the Philippines. And I 
regained the rundown. I said 
huh. The women. No comparison. 
Between what I got it was was 
over here the trash in America 
versus the Philippines. Just 
based on traditional. Not 
trying to put up a front to try 
to get somebody but I mean 
Filipinos are like that because 
that's the way they are. It's 
not a front. So, that was just 
one thing I got into with with 
everybody but anyway, I hope 
you all enjoyed this I think 
it's exciting, revealing, 
five-part series here I'm 
really starting. I'm really 
starting off gangbusters. I 
think with this subject matter, 
you like it and we hope you 
shared your likes, like, share, 
and subscribe. I I'm not like 
Roger Nisby yet. I'm not 
talking about like, share, 
subscribe, and hit the 
notification bell to be 
notified of new uploads and new 
videos. Uh I got that from 
Ismi. Uh Ismi just I mentioned 
her, she would definitely be in 
my top ten. She's not in the 
top five but she definitely 
would be in the top ten. It's 
me, definitely would be in my 
top top ten. Also, I gotta 
mention Filipino Life with Mia. 
Mia, she just recently got Mary 
finally to her father. I've 
been following her for over a 
year. She's already you know, 
treated me with the most utmost 
respect and she's one of the 
most skilled vloggers out there 
as well. I believe she's the 
top ten. 
The barn 
So, thank you for 
this. Now, I will just, let me 
just throw this out there. Like 
I said, I just throw a truth 
bomb out here but I'm not 
going to bomb you all the way. 
Not not yet but it's coming. 
Those of you who follow 
Philippine based vloggers are 
probably wondering, why hasn't 
he mentioned this certain 
person that you think probably 
should be in anybody's top 
five? Well, I I have my reasons 
for not doing that directly 
partially because she kind of 
asked me not to use her name. 
Generally speaking, there's 
that aspect and then there's 
the aspect of what has gone on 
between us Personally, which, 
you know, some of that, much of 
that will come out. This 
summer. So you wonder why you 
not seeing that certain person 
in my top five? Those are two 
reasons why but I won't get 
into detail. But thank you. I 
love you. Rebuty. Love you 
Sharon. I love you, Rowena. I 
love you, Junibel and I love 
you my lovey Rica. Filipino 
Petite. I call her my lovey. 
Alright? And usually when I 
prefer, when I refer to the 
other vloggers, I always put 
deer. I put deer sharing. 
Dearer beauty, dear Judah Bell, 
dear Rowena. That's how I 
address them. And they know me 
as Geechee or imperial brow. 
Thank you. Again, like, share, 
subscribe You know, and I'm 
going to be giving you an 
avenue to be able to support me 
if you will. I'll need it. As a 
retiree going to the 
Philippines. Thank you and god 
bless. 
