okay so you guys want me to check this
one out like a while ago a long time ago
it's called why are you killing blacks
Filipino president to America man so
apparently this is the Filipino
president speaking out to the American
president or the Americans just in
general about why are they killing so
many black people like for real like why
are all the black people just dying like
please brutality man all that stuff like
what is going on is there something
going on that we don't know about well
the person Filipino president is gonna
address that
I'm guessing this video so let's watch
this video man I wanna see what they
have to say so recently there's been a
lot of negative news in a Western press
about president detector of philip of
the philippines so just to get things in
context I don't smoke I don't drink I've
never had any sort of drug in my system
I dislike drugs I hope other other young
people would not take drugs but I
believe it is that choice as a
government your rule is to help I don't
support extrajudicial killing in any way
but I really like his answers to this
American reporter in this particular
interview let's take a listen mr.
president at the risk of being shot down
the numbers of people who have been
killed on the streets of the Philippines
since you came to power six weeks ago
have risen to around a thousand now I
know you have been contemptuous of your
critics but they are accusing you of
unleashing a national death squad where
is this gonna end because some are
saying that the the social fabric of the
Philippines is at risk here good that's
a very good question it can happen it
happens in America does you think the
bluntly it shows on TV TV on TV what's
the difference between America and it
will appeal nothing so what is
surprising here is surprising to us we
say policeman ters shooting a black guy
dur how many times but it happened in
the past that's how you have did the
most violent demonstration so
would it surprise you and be almost the
same one case only three keys is so what
it was the same principle say for
everyone black they're dead you have
about five here and so does it make this
world more livable because there is less
killing there when you shoot a black
there then what is that is that not
appalling we knew bomb Syria and Iraq
and you kill communities and you kill
children and old people and hospital
what is it and why is it that United
States is not doing anything
I do not read anybody in that stupid
body complaining about the stench there
of that look at the iconic Boyer that
was taken out from the rubble and he was
made to sit in the ambulance and we saw
it so what's the difference life will be
criminal or maybe he was really rub out
we cannot discount it but what do you
think that Americans did to the black
people there is that also I say well it
was just one community there one state
of America well but you have there about
ten so what's the difference are we here
for the content or the basic principles
of human rights almost the same so you
see the reporter was very understanding
in his question trying and trying to
undercut the legitimacy of any answer
that the president was going to give ask
that question with a pumped-up
ego like I am from the West I am white
and I'm better than you so the issue is
about how American media has been
demonizing other people in terms of
human rights and other things when they
have so much issues in their backyard
about to the abdomen more treatment and
oppression of the black people in the
u.s. really undercut any any legitimacy
that they have in the international
scene to talk about human rights but
also how they go around bombing and
torture another at other places so du
Tertre was not been doing anything new
he was asking questions that most people
around the world usually ask but because
the media doesn't report it Americans
don't get and you can see that the media
tried to not report it - you can search
detecting you see that they don't report
about what some of the gutsiest things
that he was saying again the u.s. look
at the United States are you not
committing human rights violations every
day should the UN come in because all
these the international media are
clamoring and saying that you and should
come in and do something about what's
happening in in Philippines I think it
is wrong something should be done about
it but he's asking a very good question
if we are committing human rights
violations anything the UN should come
what about the America was consistently
and continued to commit be my rights
violations over many years she is about
international law human rights the issue
of civilized this is barbaric
the conversation issue has always been
portrayed in a way the u.s. is seen as a
civilized or the were seen as civilized
people and the rest of the world is the
is the pathetic you know group but
Duterte say if the reasons why you think
we are civilized would you are civilized
and we are and we are barbaric actually
happening in your place what what
difference what if what's the difference
between you and I so that you can sit
down while your fingers at me but but as
the Bible in Marti chapter 7 verse 5
says
you hypocrite first remove the beam out
of your eye and then you can see clearly
to remove the speck out of your
brother's eye
what this means is that America needs to
take care of its own shit critical of
the moonship before the car around
poking fingers
and pointing fingers at other people for
the human rights violations and things
honestly when I when I still watch this
video it it touches so many like good
points and so many true things man
because I know when I feel like America
feels like they're like the
International policeman honestly America
feels like they're in everyone's
business like they always in Iraq
they're in Sudan the if there's anything
America is always part of it like trying
to fix other people's problems but why
are they trying to fix other people's
problems when they have so much problems
at home so much problems like this
killing so many blacks that has been
going on for years in American mad years
their places wait as a black man you you
just walk down the street you made you
be driving a nice car I have nice
clothes on that and then you get
harassed by police officers they just
look at you and they assume one either
you shouldn't be there and you're
probably trying to rob some of that
someone right away to if you drive a
nice car that car must have been stolen
because there's no way you can afford it
because because black people don't work
hard in America that's what they say
it's just so messed up it's like
everyday this human rights being
violated every single day in America but
yet they want to go somewhere else to
another country and tell the other
country listen you're violating human
rights in this house should be done
uh-uh you can't be doing that stuff like
America has no right to be doing that
stuff like first fix the problems at
home of America like honestly fix the
problems at home first then deal with if
you want not even then not even then
that
like honest is just stay out of everyone
else's business man cuz I think there's
so much going on in America like there's
so much poverty in America yes be
surprised how poor America actually is
man but citizens of America is so poor
there's places in America that's so bad
so rundown but no one talks about it
no one the media doesn't talk about it
because they know they don't want to
make America look bad America is
supposed to be one of the greatest
countries of like ever man that's what I
want to believe but honestly since I've
like been to like the Philippines where
I thought the Philippines was gonna be
like this is me if I'm a westerner
honestly I thought Philippines gonna be
like a poor country rundown but when I
got there my eyes was opened I couldn't
believe how advanced the Philippines are
the Philippines maybe move even more
advanced and beautiful is more beautiful
than America man there's so much more to
seeing the Philippines the Philippines
they are quickly developing man they're
like one of the quickest developing
cities man I like nation whatever matic
developing so quick I guess you just
blew my mind when I got over there and I
saw the different things they're
happening over there I mean yes there's
still like they have still their
problems but what nation doesn't have
problems man like what nation doesn't
have issues that they are still dealing
with every nation has crime and some has
it worse than others some are still
trying to fix it some are trying their
best right and right now with this
president a lot of the Filipinos love
this president man cuz he's actually
doing something he's actually trying to
get rid of all the corruption in the
Philippines he's actually doing change
he's actually for the people and he
doesn't matter if rich poor everyone is
equal he treats everyone equally doesn't
care who we are you are all equal you're
all family that's what he's doing man
and like this
he put that reporter in his damn place
man I'll tell you that cuz you can see
he took that very serious and it felt
like you know the portal was trying to
attack him but he stood his ground
that's one thing in the Filipino people
tell me all the time this president can
stand his ground
he doesn't back down if you were wrong
he will tell you that you're wrong man
so anyways this may be one of the
greatest presidents in the history of
the Philippines man let me know what you
guys think is he is one of the greatest
man cuz I I didn't know so many of my
friends to the Philip from the
Philippines to help me like he listen
since this guy came to power a lot of
things have changed and has changed for
the good it has changed for the good
some people like him some people may not
like him but at the end of the day he's
making a difference okay
he's making a difference but anyways man
if you guys made all the end of the
video you guys know what YouTube magical
egg buddy you guys loved this video
about what I said was like interested
man hit that subscribe button share that
post publication bells on you I'll catch
you guys next time right
do it just do it
