hey what's up I'm Andy I wasn't
impressed there's a lot more poverty
here hardcore third world poverty have
you dated any Philippino guys are you
single tell me a bit about that but it
is hit and miss it's too much to feed
the woman hello and welcome back to
living abroad today I have a special
video for you let's recap the year 2023
I've compiled some of my favorite guests
on the channel and I want to share that
with you as a thank you for successful
2023 our first guest is from Italy and
he said one of my most favorite quotes
of all time hi what's your name Matia
and where are you from Italy Italy and
why are you in the Philippines because
in Italy is H uh it's too much to Fe a
woman it's very too much difficult and
uh very complicated yeah I hope
it's it's it's easy here I don't know
okay so are you here to meet a friend a
girlfriend a woman are you here by
yourself alone now they s a woman in the
Philippine and how long have you been
here two months you've been in the
Philippine for 2 months uh did you talk
to many Filipino people what do you
think of the Filipino
people but for now I think are friendly
want to
speak but I think it's good it's very
quiet yeah it's soft no it's good the
people and that was my tail right it's
too much to feed the woman I agree
sometimes it is but not in the
Philippines since cost of living is a
bit lower so let's go into our next uh
video and in this one we spoke to a
young digital Nomad who uh talked to me
a little bit about discrimination in the
Philippines now of course this is a very
a mixed topic if you want to see further
detail check out the original video I'll
post the link in the description down
below we have a few people describing
their experience being a black person in
the Philippines let's go talk to him hi
what's your name hey what's up I'm Andy
and where are you from uh I'm from
Dallas Texas what brings you down here
to the Philippines uh I first came out
out here cuz I'd worked with some people
online I'm a nomad and so after
wandering around Europe for a couple of
years I decided to come out here to Asia
and the Philippines was the second stop
after Thailand okay what's the
difference in Thailand to Philippines
tell me some major differences yeah man
I say that uh Philippines here I get
more of like this almost like a family
Vibe if you think of the the culture
when I go to Thailand there it's going
to be I don't know how to describe it up
man uh so with Thailand I'd say it's
going to be more about like you know the
food for the parties um can't really
speak for dating in Thailand but I know
here in the Philippines it's been uh
super again super friendly super warm
super inviting kind of uh okay so tell
me a little bit more about dating what's
the difference dating in Filipina
compared to women in the US you know the
whole passport Bros movement and all
that so yeah you know the passport Bros
was kind of a newer thing I've been
wandering around the world since 2019
and uh I guess where I grew up in Dallas
was was was pretty racist and so I
experienced some pretty messy things um
I'd say Asia's got a lot more racism
towards each other not so much towards
black people though um so if you see
like there's weird things between like
Japanese Koreans Chinese it's confusing
for us but um as far as being black out
here no we're treated good um doesn't
make any real difference I think uh yeah
I think it's something where it's just
very exotic people are into it out here
nice how long do you plan to stay here
yeah I mean I've been here on and off
about 3 years now now and I'm probably
going to do another year I just use this
as my Hub when I'm traveling Philippines
has got a super chill uh Visa situation
for Americans and yeah next journey is
uh I'm not really sure yet actually so
how do you finance yourself you said you
work online though right yeah okay so I
I originally started off in digital
marketing so like doing Facebook ads and
websites and stuff and these last few
years I've done web 3 so right now I do
sales at a software company but there's
plenty of opportunities online I was
going to ask if you're worried about the
whole AI movement you know digital sure
sure yeah I think it's going to change
things um I'm fortunate that I work on
the AI side of things intentionally um
but but I do think you know especially
out here here in IT Park probably 80% of
these jobs they won't yeah they're not
going to exist 2 to 3 years from now so
I think 10% of people will get to you
know either keep what they're doing or
get re uh you doing different work yeah
but yeah it's going to be a strange time
for sure yeah a lot of positive things a
lot of good things obviously keep coming
back here any dislikes that can be
improved maybe yeah for sure um you know
I think one of the things when you come
to the Philippines in general is that
you got to have a lot of patience you
know things it's kind of like being on
island time if you ever been to like
Hawaii or something rest in peace
everybody from Lina but it's it's
something where like it's a different
pace out here so as an American a lot of
times we'll kind of expect a certain
speed or like a level of I guess uh
thought going into different things
while out here you know a phrase I keep
hearing from a YouTuber is uh just let
it be let it be or you say right it's a
whole different thing something
frustrating or strange just let it be
it's all right there's something to
enjoy for sure man thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it yeah it's sure
thing Alex good meeting you before we
get into our next video if you want to
see more Philippines content I've just
launched a brand new channel called
reacting abroad where I highlight some
of the most recent and exciting videos
around the Philippines so go ahead and
check that out I've left the link in the
description down below let's get into
our next interview which is from a guy
that's been coming here for 18 years now
I like this interiew TV because he was
very honest and in-depth let's have a
look hi what's your name my name is Eric
and where are you from I'm actually from
Massachusetts us what brings you here to
the Philippines I've been coming here
for 18 years actually you're barely 18
man what are you talking about 18 years
yeah yeah so first time here was 2005
and let me tell you back then the city
was completely different I want to say
undiscovered okay um Manila was the
place to go at the time
was this little known area of the
Philippines where it was like up and
coming uh it park for example had
nothing but Plain Fields nobody was
there there was like one building wow um
so A lot's changed in 18 years as you
can
imagine and the reason why I keep coming
back is because I'm married to a
Filipina we just can't get enough of the
Philippines uh obviously the lifestyle
here is what draws us in year after year
because winter sucks um and we don't
want to be there for longer than we have
to so as much as possible we come here
um especially during winter and we just
tour around we go to places like Palawan
bajal um and also neighboring countries
but if you're a
traveler and you want to go somewhere
that is easier to live in because you
know you're American and you don't want
to just go to some place that is a 180Â°
flip I think Philippines is a great fit
like that's what drew me here okay is
that it's it's a good English-speaking
country it has a lot of the same uh
familiarities that you're used to so
it's a good jumping off point if you
want to live abroad and still feel like
you're um connected to your home country
got it man thank you so much now did you
meet your wife in the Philippines or in
the US I met her here okay yeah I came
here for vacation because I I didn't
even know Philippines existed um up
until the vacation it was because a
coworker um saw my desktop and my
desktop had this you know really pretty
white sand Blue Water picture and I was
like that's where I want to go one day
and she quickly said you got to go to
the Philippines I'm
like that um and she told me all about
it and you know she had have family here
so she said you can meet my family um
you know they'll show you around so I
did that I took advantage of it um and
it was a great decision because I've
been coming back ever since that's
incredible man all these positive things
anything negative or anything that could
be improved maybe in the Philippines of
course no country is perfect but oh yeah
yeah there's lots of negative I'm not
going to sugarcoat it yeah um
vacationing here is very different from
living here um so if you plan on being
here for like a month or longer you
should definitely do your research there
are lots of good Facebook groups for
foreigners looking to relocate so I
would definitely check those out um
because there's going to be a lot of
adjustments I'm not going to lie all the
Comforts you're used to in the US um
you're going to have to let that go and
you know very quickly you can get bogged
down by some of the negatives so it
takes a lot of um courage and
determination and for itude to come here
and stay here and get passed through all
the negatives um and some other the
negatives just to name a few um traffic
is a big one uh you're going to get
stuck in traffic a lot especially if
you're here living here yeah the commute
is going to be um it's going to be a
pain yeah um I'm not going to lie and
then also there's a lot
of um really negative people who have
been living here for a long time like I
myself have been living here for a long
time but I managed to
find ways to stay grounded yeah and
positive which is kind of hard to do
because uh the government the
bureaucratic BS um The daytoday Grind of
living here um you're going to have to
put up with a lot of red tape and just
getting the simple things done is going
to be difficult internet if you're like
me and you're in the tech world and you
need to work from home uh best believe
you are going to be de dealing with a
lot of Internet issues and let me tell
you I've struggled for a very long time
to get some stable internet going uh but
in the last few years that's been
changing so fiber optics has been um
becoming more and more of a mainstream
option for a lot of folks here got it so
luckily I think that's finally turning a
corner okay and uh tell me if you could
describe the Philippines in just one
word I know it's difficult but describe
the Philippines in one word um one word
or one phrase one statement something um
I would say fun but dangerous one of the
danger you know some people like danger
and last question are you a Celtics fan
Celtics um I was a Celtics fan lately I
haven't been watching sports but you
know I get asked that question all the
time I'm telling you because I'm tall
yeah um if you're tall be prepared to be
asked that question like five times a
day are you a basketball player so
having to describe the Philippines in
one word that was one of my favorite
videos actually we had foreigners
describe the Philippines in just one
word if you want to see that video I'm
going to leave the link to the whole
playlist of Street interviews in the
description of this video going on to
our next interviews there two younger
people talking about the experience in
the Philippines let's listen to them hi
what's your name hey my name is Kenan
where are you from I'm from Texas USA
what brings you down here to the
Philippines uh just exploring I had some
free time so I thought might as well
explore Southeast Asia and Philippines
was next on the list how long have you
been here uh I just arrived here two
days ago but uh I spent a month here a
couple weeks ago okay so what were your
initial impressions of the Philippines
uh you know it's a very friendly Place
everyone here is is very willing to to
help out when whenever you have a
question or
um and and it's really really an amazing
amazing place it's it's very hot though
very hot I know you're from Texas so
humidity
on a whole different level right yeah
okay um aside from the heat are there
any other dislikes what don't you like
about this place um I'd say you know
I've been to Thailand and Thailand's
very friendly it's a little I think a
little more on edge than Thailand
there's a lot more poverty here it's
kind of a an eye opening experience to
come here and see that um but uh other
than that you just got to you just got
to be careful when when you're in
certain areas but other than that it's
it's fine okay have you had a chance to
go anywhere outside SIU have you visited
other places I've been to uh Bayan
Island um tell me about that how was
that amazing amazing beaches uh very
friendly people it's kind of a lowkey
there's a a city called Santa Fe there
that's that's the port that you come
into and it's pretty lowkey I mean good
food great bars great desserts great
place now are you single are you in a
relationship single you got a chance to
meet any Filipinos over here uh yeah
there's uh there's a lot of uh friendly
women here so okay any difference
between like dating here compared to
us
um I honestly I don't really date much
in the US but
uh maybe that says a lot by
itself right I think people are here a
lot more approachable I find myself here
so yeah I agree I mean it's it's very
easy to just strike up a conversation
with somebody and ask them hey you want
to get you know dinner tomorrow night
and it's it's basically always a yes my
name's joia and yours my name is Emily
and where are your girls from from the
UK okay and how long have you been here
in the Philippines 3 weeks so what
brought you here we've been traveling
since January so we've been all around
um southeast Asia so this is our last
stop before we go home really
interesting what places have you visited
so far on your trip to mobo o Sig Hall
and back up here to say goodby my friend
it's your first time to the Philippines
yeah what were your first initial
impressions of the Philippines well we
we came when the weather was bad to
start with um cuz of the typhoon and so
we had the effects of that and but then
like after a few days it all picked up
so it was gorgeous so and we went and
did went to mobile Ware so we went and
started off canying and everything like
that so it was so much sounds wonderful
any different answer for yourself what
were your first impressions I was
really had a long travel yeah I spiled
coffee all down me I wasn't impressed um
and then we got down to the islands and
then I loved it cuz the activities we
got to do um but yeah my first
impressions was I was in a bad mood
grumpy a little bit right completely
different impression now so that's great
have you had a chance to speak to any
local Filipinos yeah few we stays at
quite a few like home stays so um it's
nice getting to know
them thees ni and any dislikes so far
something like could be improved or
better um trouble so hard to get around
yeah it's like one narrow road that goes
from one end to the other right Tak
forever
longes just a nightmare to get on and
off Islands so that's one thing i' yeah
okay how are you managing the heat oh my
God so
hot want
a All right a little bit different
perspective from a few younger Travelers
describing their experience in the
Philippines next up I went to Manila and
spoke to some people to see if their
experience was any different than for
people from SIU so let's have a look
about some people in Manila my name is
John and where are you from I'm from all
over but I guess you could say um
Arizona USA USA what brings you down
here to the Philippines uh the wife the
Asawa Asawa I guess she's Filipina yes
okay which part of the Philippines is
she from uh she's from menal southern
part of the Philippines how long you
guys been together uh 8 years what's
that like being married to a Filipina
it's culturally different can you give
me an example food a lot of pork and I
don't like to eat pork so a lot of
different types of food um and then also
she speaks different languages so she'll
uh speak to gag and then move to Vasan
so so if you're trying to understand
what she's trying to say kind of
difficult so but you always know when
they're talking about you CU they look
at you when they talk you that's awesome
now tell me how long have you been here
in Manila for a month a month well
actually back and forth okay but yeah so
about a month what were your first
impressions of Manila when you got here
uh well I've been here before but it's
very crowded extremely crowded people
are very friendly but they lose their
friendliness when they get on the street
driving okay or if they're getting on to
the airplane a lot of pushing and
shoving a lot of pushing shoving on the
streets as well with not quite physical
contact with vehicles but the traffic is
just horrendous and I've driven it and
it's just um it's a definitely culture
shock yeah you're a brave man for
driving a m life for sure you think you
go back to the US or is this your home
now no going to go back to the US in a
little bit um it'll be just as hot but
less humid the humidity is um
unbearable it's not unbearable but it's
just if you're not used to it it's kind
of like Georgia in the summer so which
is here we are Manila in the summer so
it's not not much different so but it's
very humid very humid so if you if you
plan on coming here uh shower and then
you'll shower again once you get back to
wherever you're going and a lot of
places don't have air conditioning
whether you get in a taxi or wherever
your transport is uh lack of air
conditioning is a big thing it's a
luxury so if you you have air
conditioning people will come and seek
you out to just hang out in your air
conditioning so no matter what you're
doing just hanging out eating some
peanuts or whatever um yeah they love
air condition prob explains so many
malls here right yeah that's why yeah
they love the air conditioning because
there's so many malls they go to the
malls and all the Mall of Asia is
incredible I don't know if you've been
there but it's fantastic very busy
extremely busy uh you got to figure out
a
12 mile everything's kilometers around
here but a 12 mile um taxi ride is going
to going to cost you a lot of money it's
going to take you about 45 minutes just
to go 12 miles wow because the stop and
go traffic it's just incredible hi
what's your name well my name is Karen
uh where are you from I'm from France
and what brings you down here to the
Philippines um well visiting holidays
nice how long have you been here uh
we've been here for over 3 weeks uh not
in m in manil specifically we've been
here since uh yesterday okay and what
are your first impressions of Mana
uh first impressions of Manila it's very
um busy very busy
very very mixed um I can see the
buildings right be behind you and also
behind you right it's historical and
also historical buildings there and also
things that are very um clean and modern
and things that are extremely poor and
uh de addicted uh very um what's your
favorite thing about the Philippines so
far what do you like the most um um well
the people are really really nice
welcoming and U and the the Landscapes
are gorgeous yeah we've seen islands and
spectacular landscape so yeah uh what's
your favorite island that you visited uh
what did I visit um I guess um the ones
around elnido
okay um and also um coron that we vised
to but
mainly the famous ones I guess what are
some dislikes maybe something that be
improved something better to make your
journey even more
fun I don't know no it's like it is so
yeah I would not improve anything I
would like for them to be able to
improve on their standard of living so
because this is probably the most uh
difficult thing um for me to uh witness
uh that difference with my standard of
living and this is difficult yeah so not
so much of a difference from Manila to
SIU people still loving the Philippines
next up is a couple guests giving us
some advice about coming to the
Philippines of course whenever you
travel to any country for the first time
you want to have all the information and
maybe some advice will be necessary so
let's listen to their advice about
coming to the Philippines hi what's your
name ner H where are you from Colorado
what brings you down here to the
Philippines I working remotely how long
you've been here been here close to a
month now all right I'm excited to find
out your question of the Philippines
what do you think about the Philippines
Philippines is nice I'm having a good
time what do you like the most about it
see the
most maybe the weather yeah come on give
me more than that this the most vanilla
answer I've ever heard I'm kidding what
what do you like really about the
philppines I know I like uh I guess the
the atmosphere people are friendly
things are easy things are cheaper
here uh I guess more freedom cuz I work
online so I can just kind of be here go
somewhere else else food's pretty good
uh they've got like the same I want to
say the same like amenities like as a
big city but it's like good enough so
it's like you can get a cab you can get
your things it's like malls all over the
place so definitely any dislikes
something that can be improved or
better I'd say maybe like um I was in
Manila for like two weeks and there's
like a lot of traffic over there so I
maybe traffic is a big thing but like
here in Sabu it's a lot Chiller so
there's not too bad and if you're in the
US in a big city it's like way worse
over there so got you what has been your
biggest surprise about the
Philippines
surprised I don't know if I was
surprised by I kind of like knew what it
would be like when I got here oh how
much rice I eat to be honest yeah rice
is life here in the Philipp right even
like with things that you don't expect
to be served with rice to sering rice
with right yeah and and and the other
thing about the food is like everything
goes good with rice you know does it
becomes like a base for everything right
all the sauces and everything exactly
that's you now what what about
relationship dating are you single are
you meeting people uh meeting people and
and it's pretty good over here and tell
me the difference between meeting a
Filipina and a Wesson
woman I i' say I enjoy my experience
here meeting women more um maybe in the
US it's like you can connect on specific
things in the US and culture and
everything but I enjoy dating here in
the Philippines more in the US
personally um I don't want to speak for
other people but yeah it's just been my
experience it's been better now do you
consider yourself a passport
bro no I think there's a lot of like
negative connotations with that so I
just you know I like digital Nomad a
little bit you know just traveler I like
that have you traveled to any other
Asian countries no it was my first Asian
country I lived in Latin America for
like two years before this oh how was
that and it was good yeah I love Latin
America speak good Spanish now so oh
okay tell me something in Spanish
anything uh
look Hispanic though right so yeah
sometimes people think I'm Dominican so
I just saw people from Dominican or
Venezuelan or whatever nice how long do
you intend to stay in the Philippines um
I was thinking like a month but it's
been a month already so you know got to
extend that Visa soon yeah just extended
my Visa so maybe another month I'll see
maybe I'll go to a different Asian
country it's my first time so might want
to go see like different areas and see
kind of which I like more and see what
kind of works with me so I'm still
exploring but I'm having a good time in
the Philippines have you had a chance to
explore some of the islands and stuff
around here all the touristy stuff a
little bit I want to go to um I think
Sho and Deval yeah and borai awesome man
well I hope you have a great time thank
you man what brings you down here to the
Philippines um I've been coming here on
and off for the past 15 years um we
currently live in Bal my wife and and
two kids okay also from the UK wanted a
change of the UK so we decided to move
out here to try something different do
you own the property here or do you we
have mean we have businesses in the UK
still online businesses and we also have
a few businesses in Bol as well M so
we've had them for um some time now the
business in the UK so we're able to
still live here and earn from in the UK
which has been great for us that's
amazing what's it like owning a business
in B in the Philippines I know a lot of
people are considering it but it's not
easy I assume it's not easy um it's only
dessert bars we have but we have four of
them at the moment um it's just okay
it's doing well we have one at the beach
now which is very popular yeah um
extremely busy but yeah it's not easy
okay my wife's Filipino so it's easier
for her yeah I guess that helps a lot
right definitely helps a lot what's it
like being married to a Filipina you
know I get mixed reviews or what's your
experience like my my wife was um is
from the UK she was born in the UK I see
so she was bought up in the UK so it's
slightly different than you get Best of
Both Worlds I guess
right that's amazing what do you like
the most about the Philippines cuz
obviously you keep coming back so what
do you like the most man I love the
people the food just just living in in
in a place like this England is very
congested and very expensive it was
cheaper for us as well it's a lot better
for me here being being here in the
Philippines a lot cheaper my money goes
a lot further as well for sure I think
that's why a lot of us are coming down
here from the West right definitely
definitely a big thing here that is man
it's a lot cheaper for us here anything
interesting happened living here for so
long anything exciting something that's
you know unexpected something
interesting people might want to hear
not what I could think of oh not what I
was on camera anyway yeah I hear I hear
you well I'm off to Thailand tomorrow
because it's my wife's birthday and 25
years together so we're going to
Thailand tomorrow for a week wow 20 you
don't look that old man talk 25 years
I'm like I thought you were 20s to be
honest so and then we'll be back back
again but yeah I mean we do we love the
Philippines I not planning to move back
to the UK I did go back last year in
August and I just remembered how
expensive it is when I got there and I
think this is definitely better for me
here yeah I feel the same I went back to
Toronto like in October just like 6
months ago seven months ago and I
couldn't wait to leave again so I'm like
yeah I got to get out of here exactly I
just wanted to get out of I wanted to
get back here and just be just be here
man I said have you been to boho yet I
have it's beautiful I spent a full day
there and you know we did the whole like
everything from ters to the hills and
yeah exactly so no it's a little cool
little island I like it it's it
beautiful beautiful place ni really nice
very chill the people they are extremely
friendly That's What attracted me to
that place extremely friendly to someone
like me as well super super friendly
have you been to Thailand before or I
have I've been a few times um we was
actually planning to move to Thailand
originally that was our original plan
yeah but because my wife from the
Philippines mhm and they speak English
here before it definitely be better
choice for us to move here instead of
Thailand now lastly one piece of advice
for anyone that's never been here what
would you tell them if they've never
come to the Philippines before it's the
first time what advice do you have for
them
um depends man just just be be safe
depending on where you are where you go
to I mean we in tbu at the moment it's a
lot different than the island with I
live in be safe here just be safe here
but um the people are very friendly and
don't get drunk and act crazy like we do
don't be a common foreign tourist right
so exactly our last couple interviews
are from fellow Canadians who tell me
about their experience the first one is
a professional diver actually so her
experience is going to be very different
from the last person uh who's going to
be a bit longer interview but I
guarantee you it's entertaining so
listen up to how these Canadians feel
about the Philippines coer uh where are
you from I'm from Canada oh nice I'm
from Toronto oh cool I'm from near
Vancouver okay very nice I've never made
it down to Vancouver because so far away
but yeah I know I never really went to
Toronto until I had family live there so
okay what brings you down here to the
Philippines um I'm a competitive free
diver so I'm here for I work in kotes
but I uh I'm here for a competition this
uh this week it's actually my day off
tell me a little bit about that what do
you mean competitive diver right so what
do you do exactly uh do you know what
free diving is I do yeah I know that
much yeah so free diving is uh so free
diving is yeah holding your breath and
going deep into the ocean really so
there's um a world class competition
going on right now so there's some of
the deepest divers in the world diving
in um in McAn okay so we have a 5k
competition
and uh yeah I wish you all the best you
know so I guess the whole point is to
see who goes furthest down yeah well you
it's it's nice because you don't
actually I mean you can compete for an
overall in the comp but it's everyone's
competing with their own nationalities
so it's not really that competitive
atmosphere as much because everyone's
just kind of doing it for themselves but
um yeah that's yeah my main question is
how are you you're not sweating
is oh my goodness I don't even know so
humid honestly if I I feel like if I
wear
um if I wear just a tank top on my
shorts I I like I like being a bit more
modest when I'm walking around here
otherwi to me looks I've got it yeah
speaking about the looks have you had a
lot of people ask you for photos or
anything or yeah yeah it's the same yeah
like you offer to take a photo for
someone they're like no I mean like you
take a photo with us what are some
things you like about the Philippines uh
I like how the friendly people are
everyone here is really nice like uh
some of the friendliest people I think
I've met
um the I mean we come with the water the
ocean here is pretty like amazing so
that's kind of why I'm here okay and any
dislikes anything you don't like much
about here uh yeah actually I kind of
I've been uh sort of plant-based for the
last8 years and here it's talking it is
right everybody loves the meat and the
fish and all the yeah and it takes you
away from like a lot of local uh like
Cuisines cuz most of them are like
really heavily based yeah that's and
then um that's about it like that's the
hardest thing about living here I okay
do you plan to stay here longer or you
have any idea how long you'll be here or
live here forever or I mean for right
now where I'm working I get to I get to
learn I get to teach so I I'm an
instructor as well so I teach and uh I
get to learn under a really my boss
really incredible dver so somebody going
to teach me just tell me to hold my
breath how do you teach free di like
just go down there's um a lot of people
don't take any consideration to the
preparation right before and the
recovery after so if you learn a little
bit about this and also what it means
what those Sensations and feelings are
when you when you hold your breath then
um then you start to understand how you
can hold your breath longer and what
those symptoms me have you dated any
Filipino guys are you single tell me a
bit about that no I'm not single no I'm
dating someone he's actually I met up
through free diving okay so he's French
okay do you speak French or no you know
it's our national language but we don't
really really no I'm really learning
like these last two years and my
school's run by a French guys so I'm
really like putting into practice I've
been so busy um I also did a I'm
starting a nonprofit right now for the
the stray dogs here to post
sterilization programs on my Island wow
ID love to someh yeah let me know let
because I love dogs like it's my
favorite thing in the world so let me
know for sure I'll get you contact after
and we'll try to support that okay and
last question have you been to Mal S no
haven't been I haven't been anywhere man
I got here and I started working right
away and training and was like boom boom
boom I highly recommended for divers I
think you love it up there what's it
called it's called malap Pasqua malap
Pasa all right thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thank you hi
what's your name name is Bruce I'm from
Canada from Canada me too I'm from
Toronto where are you from from
Vancouver a i' never been there it's too
far for me yeah well it's uh might even
be a little bit more expensive than
Toronto these days too right so bring
your wallet for sure that's why I rather
go south through us and Mexico right
closer and cheaper oh yeah and what
brings you down here to the Philippines
well I'm a fairly recent retire I
retired last uh June I was a teacher for
30 years hit 55 and uh pulled the shoot
good for you man I've been here since
January I've been in Manila I've been in
D I've been now in SIU I'm wrapping
things up for these three weeks yeah and
I'm going to the beaches so I'm I just
extended 6 months so I'll be going to uh
a beach if you're in the Philippines
living by a beach I could be coming near
you very soon first uh stop though is
launa it's up north on on the on
manila's island lison take about a four
four or five hour bus ride north of uh
Manila and you're into basically other
than Chara Island it's probably like
their their best known uh um surfing
area okay it's a surf it's a big surfing
Community right which I'm not that great
at surfing but I like to try and I like
the community I like that everywhere
I've gone where it's sort of like a
beachy viby thing yeah it's just
greatest place to hang out laidback kind
of people right and that's me now what
has been your experience so far in the
Philippines overall how would you
describe your experience so far I mean
it's been mostly good but it is hit and
miss I mean like I've never been I've
traveled in Asia before I've been to
China many times I've been to Thailand
I've been to Vietnam years ago so I'm
I'm sure people tell me it's very
different now uh 15 years later but I've
not been to the Philippines before and I
am enjoying it um there's some things
takes a little get used to um give me an
example don't be shy well no the big
thing for me it's not even it's not even
close it's it's the food like on the
downside yeah like it's I think it's
pretty hard to get
like Philip Filipinos like the nicest
people in the world right and I like
they're great at making something look
like the way you think it should taste
right like go to Italian restaurant you
know I'm from again we're from North
America
kind of spoiled with all s ofin or
whatever right even you know Asian
whatever right but anyways if you go to
uh like an Italian restaurant it doesn't
have to be five star but something
that's you know we're not talking like
uh we're not going to Jolly bees or
whatever right so you're going to spend
$20 for an entree like prices are pretty
similar to North America if you're at a
fairly nice restaurant right and
whatever is whether it's a lasagna
whether it's a meat dish right and you
know you look at the pictures they're
good with pictures but when you actually
tuck into it there's five things about
it you're like what's going on what's
going on like this doesn't taste like
like a tomato sauce this is kind of like
a ketchup or something okay a bit
sweeter you know exactly and and uh yeah
just they've just got ways of with
desserts I do have a bit of a sweet
tooth right so again cakes or whatever
you bite into and it's like okay this is
not I'm not getting chocolate here it
looks like chocolate I'm not getting
chocolate anyway so that's on the
downside that's really my big downside
what about the upside some good stuff
well I got say one more than the
downside just to prepare people when
you're out there right like if right now
we're talking here in like one of the
nicest areas in ceu right it's kind of
it's one of the nicest malls there's
another really nice Mall Seaside it's
but it's same kind of deal right all the
modern modc cons you want right it's uh
where people go to hang out but you walk
two blocks in any direction away from
these main drags any direction and just
get ready like you're you're into like
hardcore third world poverty and it's
not pretty right and so even though I
don't try to dress in a way that makes
me look like I'm you know a fancy Dan or
whatever not just because uh I don't
want to get approached or whatever for
money but it's also because you know I'm
kind of relaxed I'm retired the the
business suit and all that kind of stuff
they're all gone they're out the window
you don't want to live like that right
yeah but it's tough right and so you you
know you want to do the right thing
sometimes and you know you take out you
know maybe 50 peso note 100 peso note by
the time you can get half a block you
know you gave it to one kid that kid's
already got like 20 other kids chasing
you down the street and you feel like
crap right so what starts off is you're
thinking you're doing a good thing now
you're kind of like beating them off
with the proverbial stick because you're
like hey no enough's enough right yeah
so anyway so that that's something that
uh you know back in North America of
course there's poverty but it's not
quite as in your face right okay on the
good side lots of good things lots of
really good things I mean uh you're not
going to find any friendlier people in
the world in Filipino like they're just
the they they just knock themselves over
to to do right by you right and um takes
a little I mean again I've traveled in
Asia before to be very servile it's kind
of in their nature as well like can
China and that so I was kind of used to
that but they found a way to take it up
to another notch right
um and um I'm kind of surprised like
again I mentioned I've just been in the
cities but I mean they don't lack for
anything if you're in these really nice
areas you can rent condominiums by the
month or by the week or whatever Airbnb
I mostly sticking to and um I mean you
again you can get into some of these
newer highrises and it's just like you
know it's like everything you'd be you'd
be uh hoping for in the west as far as
amenities fantastic pool areas gyms you
name it um and and I would say on the on
the plus side of again like I made my
money in the west but my goal now is to
spend it in the East and and in Latin
America right where money goes so much
further right tell me a little bit are
you single are you seeing somebody
what's like the right now I am I am
single right now as far as the that's
that can be a little hit and miss I mean
again I would say this not that I was
hoping or absolutely expecting it but um
you know you get these there's I don't
know if you know there's there's sort of
like a
real uh I don't know maybe it was
because of the lockdown and everything
but there were a lot of uh Americans uh
getting a lot of American YouTubers
getting a lot of love right uh the last
couple years right like the gios of the
world and Paul old dog and all that but
uh R and all these guys right so you
know I've been through all that just
like watching but it's not like the
women being a man being a heterosexual
male like the woman aren't falling over
you this idea that you're walking off
the plane like oh my God we got a guy
from the West like like this is just
amazing like please please choose me
like that's not that's not on right so
if you're a guy and you're looking for
you're looking for some romance whatever
you you you got to work you still got to
bring some game right they're just not
going to absolutely 100% And that's not
necessarily how it gets portrayed at
times right it gets portrayed like it's
like wow you're just going to be KN deep
and in all the way it's like no and you
go to some places like again I've only
been three
cities um I would say SIU City again
it's just my short Impressions
definitely the women are the most like
flirtatious right I'm not saying
everything leads to something but
they're not shy you go to Dalal it's the
southernmost Island on mindal generally
a very much more you can just tell you
get a sense in a few days that
everything everyone much more on the
conservative side socially like the D is
is like the second largest city it's
bigger than subu even at least
population wise and it's like shut down
by nine like there's not much happening
after nine it's a pretty pretty uh
religious and it's a kind of a
combination you'll find a lot of people
that are Muslim down there right and so
um again it's a nothing wrong with that
it's just that it lends itself to being
a much more sort of a conser again in in
the two months I was down there that was
my conclusion I didn't go everywhere but
didn't talk to everyone but whereas ceu
it's kind of like and and frankly
there's a lot less tourists in in uh
mind now I would imagine so the you know
if you're interested in meeting a
Filipina like like it's they're in
they're out there for sure and they're
and there's many of them that would be
interested in me you just you know time
and place don't don't rush into anything
right don't don't meet them for like 3
dates and then start planning where
you're going to build their house on
Province whatever cuz there oh here's
the other thing too is that uh my advice
uh because I I I was naive the first
time this the second time I was being
too nice about the third time I just
flat out just said get away from me what
you're going to find is in these
shopping are these really nice shopping
there are some older women middle-aged
uh women they are absolutely they're
they're trolling you yeah yeah they come
up to you they they're coming up to you
and they've already got a song and a
dance about Hey sir I I supposed to
start a job like with you didn't even
you didn't even got hello out of your
mouth and you're telling you they're
supposed to have a job but it didn't
start this week and now they're out of
money and it's like Whoa We I need
dinner and it's like what what was your
name again yeah yeah so the first time
it happened I'm just kind of like you
know cuz I'm not trying to be an a-hole
I'm just TR to listening to her and like
okay you what oh well that's terrible
that's terrible and I was like and then
of course I'm realizing okay this is a
play and I got to get out of here like
it's like you're not that good looking
right yeah well I hate to say it but
that's the thing too right you know like
my interest is waiting by the second and
when you as soon as you mention money
I'm like okay this is officially over
right but anyway so that's the thing to
to look out for I I'm and another thing
too
is uh for me like I'm just going to
places where I want to go like I'm not
going to let someone else dictate me
like if I found someone I don't know I'm
still here for 3 weeks I'm not going to
let
someone I'm from Canada oh yeah that's
why uh he he's a fellow Canadian he's
doing he's obviously got a YouTube
channel yeah yeah nothing that famous
we're not famous right we're not famous
for rocking that's right oh nothing
famous man nothing famous yeah he's a
celebrity oh yeah yeah he's a celebrity
yeah for sure famous guy in Canada oh
yeah number one
Canada up yeah he looks I look like it I
should be should have been it definitely
miss my call all of it still definitely
missed my calling yeah by the way what's
your name sir how are we do what your
name were you supposed to start a job
this week by the way yeah this only us
okay it's Bruce Bruce yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah there you go so I don't know
what else I mean those are just kind of
off the C no that's great would you
retire here is this somewhere you
actually see yourself retiring cuz you
said you've been to several different
places like you went to Asia like
Thailand Vietnam no but that I'm talking
about years before when I was traveling
I was in Asia in the early 2000s right
and then uh when I did have travel time
in my job which means summertime teacher
uh I mostly did a lot of Latin America
so I've been to Columbia uh so uh
Venezuela a few other places so anyways
like I am not married to the idea of
Asia uh I'm enjoying it right now but uh
the the married to the coton and not to
the woman and uh but you know I'm kind
of well I just I get a 6mth extension so
I'm good for December and the nice
weather hits actually in December yeah
season right so right so I think I'll
probably do one more 6 month renewal and
when it gets the springtime head home
couple weeks see my family I got nothing
there for me other than my family sold
everything minut it to win it okay and
uh next fall so now we're talking 2024
we flip the script and we go back into
Latin America gotcha right and that was
it leave your comments down below let me
know which of the TVs you saw today or
previously on the channel was your
favorite 2023 anything you want to share
if you take time to write it I take time
to respond and consider checking out my
brand new second Channel called reacting
abroad where I showcase some of the most
recent and popular videos from around
the Philippines a chance for me to go
ahead and share my honest reactions so
I've left a link to that channel in the
description as well thank you for
watching I'll see you next year bye oh
happy New Year guys yeah so wherever you
are around the world I wish you a happy
New Year enjoy see you next time
bye
a
