hey what's up everyone its Dennis here
and today I found out early this morning
that a volcano has erupted in Manila
Philippines I'm just about to watch the
news on what's going on there from what
I can gather there's a lot of smoke and
ash has covered you know parts of Manila
there's a volcano there's lightning and
giant giant plums of smoke with
explosive explosive eruption forecast so
oh dear to all my Filipino subscribers I
hope everyone is safe hope you all are
in a safe place safe environment you
know I hope you guys got managed to
evacuate and others of evacuation
happening now so I just hope that
everyone is safe so and let me check
this video out now oh wow
okay wow that's so it's our volcano
spewed up ashes up to 15 kilometers up
in the sky and led to volcanic like Wow
that is scary oh there - 14,000 people
oh wow that's that looks like - oh my
goodness you know what I just got back
from the Philippines so you know be back
for about two weeks never you know I was
just staying really it's not good
so this is flights have been suspended
thousands of people have been ordered to
evacuate as the volcano spewed ash
spewed ash up to 15 kilometers into the
sky prompting a warning from the
Philippines of an explosive eruption
wonder what it is anything else
correct fine another video yeah this is
this sad news that this is just in a
news from Bloomberg Markets Finance so
hopefully they'll explain a little bit
more on what happened here so local
radio station VPN and staying at the
Manila Airport could be resuming partial
operations on Monday given what's
happening at haha how safe would that be
Manila International Airport before then
recently they have to observe we have
give them okay and I'm going to really
35 very will be try to take off later on
in the meantime
so that's that's good subsided to
writing I guess is one of the
Philippines most active volcanoes now
erupting with a massive plume of ash and
seem on that Sunday also right now alive
we are seeing those that smoke coming
out of high but I'm in the heart
a little bit about how this effect could
change because so far we have seen the
eruption being aimed at the sky in the
Philippines Facebook okay we're now
there what's your assessment of the
level of preparedness in response to
this was there enough warning with
enough time one thing that is enough
morning 3019 of this province we can
change you just happened
eleven the activity was so far deep
aggressive on that level twenty thousand
people could be forced from there
we further increase activation of the
volcanoes activity we concern in with
the people on the volcano island itself
when the eruption is occurring where
people around 10,000 people would would
be there ok it looks like everyone sort
of managed to evacuate you know within
that vicinity of the volcano area
definitely seen a couple Facebook posts
in the newspaper regarding the ash the
smog the smoke and also you know people
selling you know the face mask anyways
look I hope everyone and the Philippines
is safe and sound
no casualties just praying for for the
people in there I know we're also
experiencing issues here as well with
the bush fires and then now you know
with the volcano erupting the
Philippines
look volcano eruption is definitely
scary just as scary as a bushfire so
stay safe everyone and yeah I'll be
praying for all of you guys in the
Philippines and also pray for us here in
Australia as well ok anyways um that's
it I'll see you on my next video
