yo what's up everybody - oh boy Jie and
he's seen the tile down below card car
just came out with you in me you and me
is that what it's called it's called you
and me is that little sauce you and me
like you are in me anyways I want to
talk about people are saying yo where's
this reaction where's that reaction was
this reaction okay so the thing is that
I used Kenny's camera because I didn't
really have a good camera or I didn't
have a camera with me at a time or I or
can use my iPhone so I used his camera
and he said let's split up the reaction
so I took the exid I took this one but
he's gonna take Monsta X Block B day 6
and SuJu those are gonna be on his
channel so those who are wondering Wars
Monster Exodus where's that what is this
they're gonna be on his channel but he
doesn't really have Wi-Fi in the
Philippines so I'm waiting on him so
y'all can stop asking me because I did
my reaction anyways enough of that card
you and me know let's begin it's Cassie
and I make reaction videos as well I
love BTS got7 JJ project EXO but bang
they say it's you name it I love them
play my intro
[Music]
right now we're about the Czech way hold
up all right do I need to wear these
glasses no wasn't my decision to wear
these glasses no all right anyways we're
gonna check out card you and me um it
just came out while I was you know uh
just awake at random times because who's
what is sleep let's begin a peg oh oh
sorry two different living space
statuses they're still keeping that
sound with a little a little bit
different
[Music]
Oh would when she comes in it's so sexy
what's good Matthew summon ooh closes
[ __ ]
hey Jase if the homie
I like his rapping style you're looking
fresh too
this reminds me like some stranger
things kind of [ __ ] hey hey hey
I like jiwoo oh I like it went anywhere
like this that turn off the light Oh
all these fan whoo
[Music]
[Applause]
yo it's about to go down
[Applause]
are they like druggies drunk junkies or
drunkards and there's like they still
keep that same kind of vibe though card
[Music]
I like that the way she comes in my
[Music]
last I was trying to figure out what to
say um I said the car fans will like
this because they've been shipping them
like crazy the BM dang fam got beer
bottle in their hand
oh oh I could be a part of car too right
no [ __ ]
[Music]
waitwhat
[Music]
did dead Jason and BM are dead
[Applause]
girl you've been shaving a dead person
this whole time have you been messing
with a dead person too
[Music]
I still dance to it
yo what
[Music]
Yoji called crazy
[Music]
wait I have to figure this out they
can't just be dead ask me some kind of a
message right this way y'all understand
this you in me oh you and me all I
thought was do in me is it you and me
are you and it looks like and is it like
someone that you can't let go like your
exes or some [ __ ] like of the past sound
like when some people can't let go even
though their their relationship has
moved on or the relationship is dead but
they can't let go of it kind of [ __ ] but
they literally like the relationship is
dead but you see like B M died like he
literally turned to a zombie duffer C
card you still get that card vibe the
car kind of feel um I did like so means
like um come through like in the
beginning in like in the almost at the
end - yeah the way she sings it's pretty
sexy the ship is sailing yo they know
what they doing this is funny actually
look at them look at the lyrics - let me
see after look at the lyrics hold up you
are my everything you are my everything
why don't you know nothing can replace
you in the corner of the room swallowed
by darkness your trace of fragments are
stuck everywhere oh so it's like a dead
relationship but the other person can't
get can't get what I'm looking for can't
move on kind of thing right I lost my
way with your absence deficiency
lethargy like my weary thirst is
wrapping my neck around my heartbeat is
beyond my control I can't breathe my
struggle is half dead why are you trying
to push me away tell me I can't tell
you're not serious why do you keep
pushing away I can't I can feel
everything why do you why don't you say
anything to me I call you like this you
don't answer I apologize you're the only
one I love I can't let you go you you
you will be mine forever they're gonna
break up and they actually killed their
mate and they are literally forever with
them and they went crazy kind of [ __ ] I
don't know what do you guys think put a
comment down below card you and me put
what you guys think like this video
share this video and subscribe card
comeback
well damn card it's nice to see you back
and yeah more videos coming soon guys
definite auch about my favorite albums
I've been reached recently listening to
there's three of them that I've been
like full-blown listening to like
throughout especially when I was on like
the long plane trip back to come back
home and I yeah more reactions more
videos and more hopefully more creative
things
furro hopefully more reactions with the
artists itself like I did with Samuel if
you guys haven't checked it out look at
the scripture down below and there's a
link after the video to keep on dreaming
dreamers dream believe do repeat if you
have a dream out there put some hard
work into it it might just come true for
real listen to music it feels good oh
yeah laughs for now hey you better
subscribe
[Music]
