thanks to - Lee for sponsoring this
video
keep your digital life secure and never
forget a password again hello world
today we find ourselves in the capital
city of the Philippines Manila which is
infamous for its traffic
but isn't that true with many major
cities like I'm from Vancouver and it's
a known thing that traffic congestion
can get really bad and those living in
LA you know what's up however the
commute in both those cities pales in
comparison to the Manila commute
[Music]
I uh my name is amico and she was nice
enough to let me join her on her daily
commute but before I could even get to
her I had to do a bit of committing on
my own I used grab Philippines uber
which is a privilege many Filipinos
don't get and truth be told traveling as
a single passenger in a car doesn't help
traffic congestion one day
but I had somewhere to be and I was
thinking only about myself both that I
needed to get to my meeting point in
time which I totally didn't and that I
needed to get there safely which with my
camera gear many local Filipinos told me
not to do on my own out in the open so
for this portion of the trip grab it was
total cost 263 team or $5 us which is
almost exactly half the daily minimum
wage in Metro Manila
8.4 kilometers and two hours later I
finally arrived the M eCos office now
commute can officially start and yeah I
could have walked that distance quicker
and jog it in less than half the time I
finished my work 5:30 in the afternoon
so I walk from here to the mega mall 15
to 20 minutes of whoa
[Music]
usually it's like don't touch the vanu
okay but it's either
you wash the van while it's running and
you line up in Agra mall but you wait
for long
so the van she's talking about is this
UV express UV meaning utility van and
some people choose to randomly weight
along this road hoping a van stops in
front of them but whether or not they
can quickly hitch a ride there's no
guarantee
Emiko calls these people commuting
zombies perhaps for the way they
slavishly chase after the van or simply
for the exhausted look on their faces
but come on could a zombie maneuver like
this lady in the black miniskirt
she snuck right in like a pro if you
want to know what disappointment looks
like this is it people
so we go to megamans okay
see Fred that means run
run yeah and then in the middle of
traffic I noticed people scrambling so I
press record and followed along
[Music]
Emiko line-up is actually on the other
side of the mall so we go through
another security checkpoint the magic
stick confirms I'm not a threat and off
we go
we're now going home on the hole over
trying to catch the UV Express the
outside Mega Man we have a mouska-tool
so that depends in part on the life
there
I'm good
and moving the week for one hour or more
just to
right the button
you that will have to compress yeah no
one is either oh my god away for the
next one
you're so lucky today you get the first
one to write a UV
now that we're in the UV it's relatively
smooth if not crammed sailing so for an
hour or so chemical can do what she
likes on her smartphone during my
commute
I used to watch I'm always watching
videos that's the first one and they
always catch up me with my friends using
the messenger texting a jeepney like
over here would have been cheaper but
this UV Express has air conditioning and
sealed windows which allows for more
bearable commute home
now we find ourselves in Antipolo which
means we're in the provinces outside of
Metro Manila you can see on the road how
the vehicles are increasingly becoming
trikes which is exactly what we'll have
to take for the last portion of our trip
but before we can catch the trike home
we drop some takeout rotisserie chicken
for dinner
go
and because we're Antipolo cathedral
officially the National Shrine of Our
Lady of Peace and Godoy Ã¤j--
you make a brief pit stop but alas we
have to be getting home
the driver was waiting for two more
passengers which happened to be us
this trike holds four passengers and the
distance will be 2.4 kilometers off one
and a half miles
[Music]
[Music]
even though this is a residential area
it's loud at night from the traits that
dominate the mountainous roads
however on downward slopes you can steal
some respite
and before you know it we're at another
security checkpoint which be easily
breezed through and then another one
because well I don't really know why
and at last we find ourselves at home
I usually get to my place 8:30 to 9:00
and when do you eat dinner dinner table
and 9:30 10:00 sometimes I eat while
lining up for the UV right so what time
you actually live in hello you brought
up in 11 you wake up at 3:00 yep that's
every day for almost three years now I'm
retired so that I could briefly emulate
a Miko's life he arranged an Airbnb for
me so that the next morning I could join
her morning commute so - I slept here
last night for a few hours
yes - there wasn't like that to start
off with I just want to be the place so
this is the bath whoa toilet come here
showers up there so it's a combo unit
looks like sorry I'm in a rush I have to
go that's where I stood before we get to
the second half of the trip let me talk
to you about safety while travelling in
the Philippines I was always on the go
but still needed to log into all my
accounts because I don't reuse my
passwords for different logins that's
not safe
this means I have a ton of unique
passwords that's why I have a password
manager like dashlane which remembers
and keeps them safe
since dashlane has a smartphone app and
my pixel to excel has fingerprint
authentication I only need my finger to
login this is much better than typing my
passwords out in the open exposing them
to my fellow travelers when I want to
buy flight tickets to my next
destination I can use my desktop to fill
up my credit card information that's
because - Ling works on all devices from
iPhones to laptops two desktops the
detail I really enjoy about dashlane is
how it auto fills the passwords so fast
my previous password manager would make
you click buttons to log in but dashlane
simply fills in submits automatically
when it recognizes a site's login page
the big reason I recommend dashlane is
because it safely stores all your data
from logins to credit card info but only
requires you to remember a single master
password
this might sound dangerous but that
master password is not stored with
dashlane only you know it so even if
they get hacked your data is safe right
now you can get a free trial - - name
premium for a month and after that
you'll get a 10% discount if you're one
of the first 200 people who use my code
so go to - Lane comm slash life and use
the coupon code life to get started now
let's get back to Manila
I need to touch the first icicle before
4 a.m.
[Music]
they pick up
they don't having the night before Emiko
had arranged for the driver to pick me
up at 4:00 a.m. but as she had warned
being on time is not a guarantee so even
though some other drivers tried to offer
rides my driver didn't show up until 15
minutes later at which point she had
already booked another ride he just left
[Music]
for the last leg of the trip we're
riding in the venerable jeepney what
we're doing now is waiting into the
cheapest full before we depart along the
journey you'll hear the words by ad bull
which means my payment sister's usually
many people between you and the Barker
to fare collector it's up to the
passengers to pass the money around
[Music]
now whistling sound you're hearing
that's the Japanese air brakes along the
way passengers can be dropped off and
picked up at any point alongside the
road which while convenient doesn't help
traffic safety or congestion
[Music]
we're now at peak passenger with 11 on
each bench two in the front two standing
in and out of the rear plus the driver
up front and the barker in the back for
a grand total of 28 Souls aboard
what you do on the weekends and on the
weekends and just sleep
they always I just sleep watch videos
read a book and sleep sometimes I meet
with my friends but recently I haven't
met my friends because I was always
tired feeling that efficient we're
wasting a lot of time just because of
the traffic the lining of people's lives
are getting messed up because it really
gets a lot of negative impact on our
lives it's already five 22 in the
morning normally I arrived in the office
five o clock to 5:30 we start working at
7 o clock in the morning but here in my
team we can also start working as early
us when we get here because we we
normally do things like prepare papers
we do reports so that later in the
afternoon we'll have to do nothing
nothing else we are already relaxed I
have asthma
do you have asthma too or cuz you sound
like oh yeah I can hear it so oh my god
yeah it sounds like you're wheezing oh
thank you from the trap yeah I'd feel
like every day I actually didn't notice
yet oh
yes right before you
yeah
I asked amico what the cost would be
like if she took a grab to and from work
she said it would be 600 to 700 P in the
morning and after 1,000 P at night the
rod alone in the morning would be more
than a minimum wage earner makes in a
day
so while riding in the grab was
affordable to me it's not all a good
solution for those commuting in Metro
Manila
both price-wise and congestion wise
there's so much I left out of the video
that I just might make a second video
about manila's traffic problems what do
you think as always thanks to all my
patrons on patreon for supporting
projects like this I have so much
footage from the Philippines like 17
hours so there will probably be two or
three more vids coming out
soonish and the biggest thanks goes to M
Eko for showing me what her commute is
like thanks for watching see you next
time bye what's the commute like where
you're from
[Music]
