the history of what is today the
philippines started with the arrival of
its first humans it is believed they
used rafts or boats around 60 000 years
ago with groups of diverse people
settling in the archipelago some of
these groups started to develop and
expand into bigger settlements and in
the next thousands of years they evolved
into what some scholars believe to be
considered early states austronesians
and afterwards speakers of the
malayo-polynesian languages began to
arrive in successive waves beginning
about 4000 bc according to the existing
evidence a jade culture existed on these
lands starting with the neolithic era by
1000 bc it is believed that the
inhabitants of the archipelago had
developed into four distinct kinds of
people tribal groups warrior societies
the petsy plutocracy and the harbor
civilizations
also important to note is the fact that
the metallurgy reached the archipelago
due to trade with india around 300 to
700 a.d the seafaring people of the
islands began to trade with the
indianized kingdoms in the malay
archipelago and the nearby east asian
principalities adopting influences from
both buddhism
and hinduism
some cultures of present-day vietnam
showed evidence of an extensive trade
network artifacts and goods were traded
such as glass agate or gold there were
also other items present in the region
which were most likely imported
including ear ornaments that have been
found in archaeological sites in the
philippines thailand and taiwan the
indian culture influenced the southeast
asian region starting with the first
century during the period of the south
indian pallava dynasty and the north
indian gupta empire indian culture
spread to southeast asia and it reached
the philippines which led to the
establishment of new kingdoms largely
influenced by the indian culture and
traditions the date inscribed in the
oldest philippine document found so far
the laguna copperplate inscription is
900 a.d from the details of the document
written in cowie's script the bearer of
a debt nam warren along with his
children is cleared of a debt by the
ruler of tondo this is the earliest
document that shows the use of
mathematics in pre-colonial philippine
societies a standard system of weights
and measures is also demonstrated by the
use of precise measurement for gold and
other items as well as in astronomy from
the various sanskrit terms and titles
seen in the document the culture and
society of the manila bay were that of
hindu old malay amalgamation similar to
the cultures of java peninsular malaysia
and sumatra at the time in the years
leading up to 1000 there were already
several maritime societies existing in
the islands but there was no unifying
political state encompassing the entire
philippine archipelago instead the
region was divided into numerous
semi-autonomous city-states under the
rule of the plutocracy while a number of
states existed alongside the highland
societies these smaller structures
alternated between being part of or
being influenced by
larger asian empires like maya pahit
around 1225 the nation of mai a buddhist
pre-hispanic philippine island state
centered in mondoro flourished
attracting traders and shipping from the
kingdom of ryukyu to the empire of japan
ciao jakua a customs inspector in fukian
province china wrote the description of
the barbarous peoples describing trade
with this pre-colonial state its people
were noted for their honesty in trade
much of what is now indonesia was ruled
by the hindu maya pachit empire during
the 1300s this empire ruled over luzon
island and the sulu archipelago as more
and more influence was on these islands
skirmishes and battles also existed some
local tribes were waging incessant
guerrilla warfare against them
eventually the kingdoms of luzon
regained independence from maya pahit
after the battle of manila 1365.
sulu also re-established independence
and in vengeance assaulted the mayapahit
province of brunei before a fleet from
the capital drove them out the start of
the islamic era in indonesia set the
collapse of the mayapahits as its
provinces eventually seceded and became
independent sultanates in 1380 makdum
kareem an arab trader born in johor
arrived in sulo from malacca and brought
islam to the philippines additionally
sharif ul hashem an arab muslim explorer
established the sultanate of sulu by
converting its previous ruler the hindu
king raja bhagwinda to islam and then
marrying his daughter the sultanate of
maghin de neo rose to prominence at the
end of the 15th century meanwhile the
religion was introduced to the area by
muslim missionaries and traders from the
middle east indian and malay regions who
propagated islam to sulu and maguindanao
as before when buddhist and hindu
cultures influenced the archipelago the
same case happened with the muslim
culture upon the secession of brunei
from the maya pahit empire they imported
the arab emir from mecca sheriff ali and
became an independent sultanate the new
religion started to grow roots in the
philippines through conquest and
conversion of local leaders in the next
decades moreover islam was further
strengthened by the arrival to the
philippines of traders and proselytizers
from malaysia and indonesia
in 1521
the spanish reached the archipelago
through the expedition around the world
led by portuguese-born spanish explorer
ferdinand magellan
claiming the islands he saw for the
spanish empire he established friendly
relations with some of the local leaders
and converted some of them to roman
catholicism because the philippines are
a large archipelago the spaniards
started to explore many islands however
the explorer ferdinand magellan was
killed during the battle of maktan
against the local ruler lapu lapu over
the next several decades other spanish
expeditions were dispatched to the
islands in 1543 an expedition was led to
the islands naming them philippines in
honor of philip of austria who became
philip ii of spain on january 16 1556.
the name was then extended to the entire
archipelago later on in the spanish era
european colonization began in earnest
when spanish explorer miguel lopez de la
gatsby arrived from mexico in 1565 and
forms the first european settlements in
cebu through diplomatic and military
annexation of some lands incorporating
local states including the kingdom of
tondo the spaniards established manila
as the capital of the spanish east
indies in 1578 the castillan war erupted
between the christian spaniards and
muslim bruneians over control of the
philippine archipelago the christian
troops were so diverse due to generally
being made up of people under the
spanish rule including native americans
namely aztecs mayans and incans who were
gathered and sent from mexico and south
america to be led by spanish officers
that had worked together with native
filipinos in military campaigns across
southeast asia the muslim side was also
very diverse though they were supported
by the ottoman empire with their troops
consisting of malay warriors and
expeditionary forces sent by the
ottomans which included mainly turks
egyptians swahili's somalis indians and
others the conflict ended with a status
quo antebellum just 20 years after the
conquest of luzon remarkable progress
existed in the work of colonization of
the islands and the spread of
christianity a cathedral was built in
the city of manila with an episcopal
palace other monastery in churches were
built across islands and more and more
people started to convert to
christianity furthermore spanish and
mexican families settled in the new
lands creating stronger communities much
of the archipelago came under spanish
rule creating the first unified
political structure known as the
philippines spanish colonial rule saw
the introduction of christianity the
code of law and the oldest modern
university in asia the philippines was
ruled by the mexico-based vice royalty
of new spain and after the colony was
directly governed by spain many of the
local people revolted in the next
centuries due to some abuses made by the
spanish authorities their rule ended
after the american spanish war at the
end of the 19th century in 1898 the
philippines became a territory of the
united states the united states then
established the insular governments to
rule the philippines in 1907 the elected
assembly was set up with popular
elections
the u.s promised independence in the
jones acts to the country and the
philippine commonwealth was established
in 1935 as a 10-year interim step period
to full independence but before gaining
total freedom in 1942 during world war
ii the philippines was occupied by
japanese forces by 1945 the us liberated
the philippines and the treaty of manila
in 1946 established an independent
philippine republic the period of their
independence was marked by internal
skirmishes and a smaller period of
dictatorship but also huge progress and
development with manuel roxas becoming
the first president of the independent
republic of the philippines the united
states seceded its sovereignty over the
philippines on july 4 1946 as scheduled
however the philippine economy remained
highly dependent on united states
markets roxas died suddenly of a heart
attack in april 1948 and the vice
president elpidio cuarino ruled the
country until 1953.
some communist partisans existed in the
islands but were defeated in the 50s
additionally an important event happened
in the middle of the 1960s ferdinand
marcos took power in 1965
and ruled until
1986. this era included the final years
of the third republic from 1965 to 1972
and the philippines under martial law
1972-1981
his reign was marked by dictatorship and
instability in 1986 ferdinand marcos was
removed from power and replaced by maria
corazon aquino up to the present day
five other presidents ruled the
philippines
[Music]
[Music]
you
