here I don't budget one of my tires
split open so I had no
plan just do it figure it out hi what's
your name btic uh where are you from I'm
from originally from Poland but I live
in the United States and what brings you
down here to the
Philippines um I own my business so as
long as I have Wi-Fi I can work anywhere
yeah um I'm planning a ride from I'm
going to Vietnam in a week and I'm going
to ride from Hanoi to hoim men um down
the uh down the coast and while I'm here
in the Philippines I'm probably going to
ride from here down to dumag Getti
through asab up to Bako not really sure
exactly where yeah but I enjoy you know
buy renting a bike here or buying a bike
here and then just going for like a long
ride nice man sounds relaxing it's not
bad you know it's not about relaxing I
don't I don't need to relax I need an
adventure yeah um I I wouldn't want to
sit on the beach all day I need a break
from the monotony yeah so I did a ride
in palan we're into pouring rain we were
rushing back to the airport and one of
my tires split open full speed in a road
carving through a canyon um tires split
open lost control of the bike managed we
get control before we went off a cliff
um I got to be honest that was that was
exciting I remember that more vividly
than the boring Parts yeah um I work in
80 hour weeks so for me it's more about
the excitement in the adventure than
relaxing I understand you man how long
you been here in the Philippines now 3
days it's 3 days this your first time
here no no I've been here I don't know
I've Been Everywhere more than once I
guess I've been here at least six did a
philippin specifically at least six
times okay nice now what keeps bringing
you back here what do you like the most
about this place well it costs
nothing I have a beautiful Airbnb
downtown that costs me $25 a night yeah
when I did London and Paris I had to
budget here I don't budget I hear you
man perfect are you single are you
relation ship um single okay have you
dated any Filipinos here yeah any
difference between Western woman and
Filipinos well it depends um they're not
all the same of course you know but I
would
say as a whole as an Aggregate and again
this is not singling out anybody
specifically that's that's an important
caveat um I feel like Philipino women
and generally nonwestern
women tend to be more nurturing yeah
you know and it's and it's there is this
um unfortunate like stereotype and it's
not necessarily wrong that a lot of
people that come to Southeast Asia are
incels and a lot are yeah MH um but a
lot of guys I got like me often are just
tired of Western woman being extremely
materialistic um being demanding and
then just not being all that kind yeah
like not to be arrogant I'm 6' three I
work out every day I'm nearly 300 lb I
make good money I can I can meet a
western
woman but I can also meet somebody
overseas who's friendlier and more
nurturing and just a lot nicer to me and
again I'm the body is you you you get
beautiful women everywhere you go yeah
whether it's well not London London
isn't no but um New York Los Angeles um
Bangkok um Colombia anywhere you go you
you have beautiful women the difference
is who they are as people
yeah and if you're looking for something
serious that's what matters okay now
usually these interviews last about 30
seconds or a minute but you seem very
interesting if you don't mind I want
like to ask you a couple more questions
yeah I got nothing to do until at least
a half hour okay great so um tell me
about Province life and City Life are
they like have you lived in the province
before in in the Philippines Philippines
yeah I haven't lived in the province but
actually what's interesting is kind of a
similar thing there's a big difference
between like for example here somebody
who works in IT Park has a good job in a
call center and I was actually very
fortunate um I've got spent a lot of
time in um what's called squatter
settlements and for those in the west
who don't know that is it's like
semi-permanent housing like they have
electri they're not homeless yeah but
it's not like official housing it's not
book by contractor it's kind of
improvised and you kind of see it
everywhere in the Philippines right um
and you get the same thing in New York
you get the same thing in like Europe
where you have like extreme wealth and
extreme poverty almost side by side um
and a couple years ago I had a really
interesting time where I was hanging out
with I I wish I remember their name but
it was in the squatter settlements the
guy drove a [ __ ] so the difference
between what is
um like a restaurant and what is
somebody's living room you can't tell as
a foreigner yeah right but we were
hanging out we were drinking red hores
they were fascinated by my life I was
fascinated by their lives and like we I
they speak enough English we can mean
the middle well long story short I have
a fascination with the jypy um like a
huge fascination with them they're old
they're kept running in a weird way um
so one of the best things that happened
is I one guy drove a jypy and I'm like
asking him about it he shows me the
thing and I'm like can I drive it and
he's like you want to drive it I'm like
yeah I want to drive it yeah um and as a
car guy it's a fascinating thing because
the jypy they're they have to be kept
running for nothing for free basically
yeah so this one in particular the
clutch was blown so you have to rev
match the engine and the engine and the
engine and the clutch speed and the
engine speed and the fuel pump was blown
so he had a massive gas tank in like the
middle and you have to keep manually
pumping it um so the deal was as long as
I bought him red
horse we would drive his route and I was
driving this [ __ ] thing and it was it
was incredible just because again I I
have a nice car at home but like
something about having to pump yeah it's
a complet different World down here in
some ways right yeah no I found that
exciting I'm a car guy so for me that
was super exciting amazing man and you
like a lot of stuff here any dislikes
something that generally you can't adapt
to yet or just bothers you or could be
improved and also general question but I
want to hear your perspective on
dislikes in the Philippines dislikes in
the
Philippines no no no I try I try to have
a stunny
disposition and there's something I
don't like I try not to think about it
actually you know you know I [ __ ] I
hate the way Americans act in this
country yeah I I got it no not just
Americans but foreigners listen as an
American I I can be shitty but when I'm
overseas I'm I'm my best behavior yeah I
had um actually right here last year I
had a really an incident that made me
want to just like slink in a hole and
die um what was it the total was
something where it was 45
pesos and or or or something of the sort
and the guy was giving her I forget the
number was giv her 50 pesos and he
happened to have a five peso in his hand
yeah and the girl goes to him sir do you
have five pesos and he's like why I'm
giving you more than the total and I'm
like oh [ __ ] me this dude and he's like
sir if if I if you give me five pesos I
can give you a 10 peso instead of some
kind of change and he's like are you
trying to rip me off and I'm like oh
shut the [ __ ] up D don't don't fulfill
the C of Americans being stupid and
ignorant like don't do both at the same
time um so that's if I anything about
the Philippines that's going to be it
it's the way some foreigners act um and
then you get some foreigners who like
like the sex tourist who like just think
of like people here as [ __ ] and here to
like please them like dude they're human
beings like
behave and if anybody ever comes to the
Philippines or anywhere in the world try
to act like you're an ambassador of your
home country I do my best I'm not
perfect don't pick fights in the bars
don't be an [ __ ]
and if some poor person ripped you off
for like what was it 20 cents to you
just let it
go that's probably the worst thing that
you see in the Philippines the way
Americans act now you don't look like
the type of guy that needs online dating
or how do you meet women in the
Philippines um honestly the most
interesting woman I've met was a
byproduct of doing something and that's
just the General in life right I feel
like if I meet somebody who like I've
met women in the states rock climbing or
or at motorcycle riding events it's kind
of nice to meeting somebody through that
cuz then you already have a shared
interest so I would say most of the
interesting people not just
relationships I've I've had was more
organic yeah and tinder's a [ __ ] show
[ __ ] Tinder yeah Tinder a [ __ ] show
bumbles a [ __ ] show like I'm just not
interested yeah I've used them at all
but it's it's not the amount of time you
put into it it's not going to be for
sure any advice for someone that's never
been here to the Philippines and just
considering coming here here what advice
would you give them well I mean listen
figure out why you're coming here um
there listen if you're coming here
because
you're 50 years old and you're divorced
and you just want somebody to die with
you then that's fine then you're going
to behave differently if you're here cuz
you want to go like free diving then you
want to go to palan somewhere like that
figure out why you're going and one of
the reasons I actually came um when I
first came I was
actually 25 5 26 years old and deeply
deeply depressed um and one of the the
advice I got from a friend was like look
you can be depressed at home or you can
be depressed on the beach somewhere and
I was just kind of like well that kind
of makes sense so and she had
recommended places like like Thailand um
Latin America cuz at that point I was
broke as a joke yeah I don't have no
money and I looked my round trip flight
was $600 at that point this is pre-co
yeah um hotels were 20 bucks a night I'm
like I'm broke but I can afford this so
I had no plan um I booked my ticket and
I remember I walked off the airport and
I just kind of walked until I found
something I wanted to do um that that's
how I that's how it started for me again
just needing a change of situation and
you know a lot of a lot of my friends
have asked me um like you travel a lot
how do you get
started um and I asked him like what do
you want to do like what why do you want
to travel and if it's a question of
procrastinating like what I do a lot of
the times is like I'll just be bored
I'll be on Google flights I'll see a
cheap ticket somewhere I'm like [ __ ]
Singapore for 800 bucks round trip all
right I'll book it and I'll book it
months in advance um I'm self-employed
responsibility yeah and then I'm like
the flight comes around and I'm like oh
[ __ ] I really should start probably
planning this but once you book the
flight it's kind of a catalyst to like
actually do the thing yeah like I have
this flight I can refund it cuz a lot of
my friends they say oh one day I'll go
do whatever the hell it may be once you
book the flight and it's past that 24
window of refunding you might as well go
yeah you paid for it exactly so so just
do it unfortunately just do it figure
out why you're doing it yeah you know
and if you really are here cuz you want
to like you want to meet women or you
want to do that then spend the $10 get
10 plus put it on the location use as
day whatever the [ __ ] you want to do
yeah and that's siging up it's not that
hard with internet um that being said
all the rules of online day and apply
you don't know who you're actually going
to meet um but the best thing is like I
wouldn't come here for that reason come
here to get out of your comfort zone go
enjoy something if you ride a motorcycle
if you like riding in the United States
um if you come to Tabo um there's a guy
where like SKR Cycles I'll message him
on Facebook before I come okay I'm going
to be here this day what do you got for
me what do you got available and I'll
get a bike and I'll tell them roughly
where I'm going and and then one time
I'm just like dude I'm just going where
the highway takes me and that's it I
landed I I took 2 days to adjust to the
um the time change M and then I rode
South yeah and just do it figure it out
it cost you nothing yeah if you make a
mistake you got to book another hotel CU
you make a destination it's going to
cost you 20 bucks who cares yeah I like
the way you think man honestly I think a
lot of us need to start thinking that
way no what what what I what I realize
in life is if you want to make real
money find what nobody wants to do
whatever that may be my case it was
clean toilets um and get really good at
whatever whatever nobody wants to
whatever the hell it is yeah um get
really good at it train people to do it
and then grow from there awesome well
thank you so much for your time man I
really appreciate it thanks brother
leave a thoughts down below let me know
what you think of his experiences in the
Philippines anything you write if you
take your time to write it I take your
time to respond and for me personally I
completely agree with him 100% whenever
you're traveling you're definitely
representing your country so your
behavior matters a lot don't try to
start fight don't get drunk and
belligerant don't look down on people
despite how much money you think you
have it's just the not the nice thing to
do and you want to be ambassador of the
world and represent country the way you
want people to think of you in that
manner and if you're new to the channel
do me a huge favor hit that like button
hit that subscribe button share this
video I'll see you in the next
bye
