hello everyone this is just a quick
check-in from all of us at sorted to
just say that we really hope you are
safe and you're well we like many other
channels have back filmed a whole load
of content that we're going to continue
to release over this period of time
every Wednesday and every Sunday to
hopefully keep you smiling and give us
all a bit of valuable company and we are
also hosting on Instagram live at 4:30
UK time every weekday a Q&A with our
amazing chefs so that they can answer
any questions or concerns that you guys
have around cooking with limited
ingredients inspiration for working with
whatever food you have available right
now so please come over to a salted food
on Instagram 4:30 p.m. UK time to join
us even if it's just hang out have fun
and just spend some really valuable time
together without further adieu hope you
enjoy this chefs battle we are sorted a
group of mates who have your back when
it comes to all things food from cooking
battles to gadget reviews and cookbook
challenges to a midweek meal packs at
Craigs we uncover the tools that will
help us all cook and eat smarter join
our community where everything we do
starts with you welcome to fridge cam my
name is Ben and this is James in this
episode our chef e skills are put to the
ultimate test in a fusion battle at
random I picked Peruvian and Filipino
and I picked Vietnamese and German wish
us luck today our two chefs are going
head-to-head in the ultimate chef versus
chef fusion battle boys three hours are
you ready so ready
not very your time starts in three two
one
[Music]
asuka scenes - i through work filipino
and peru via luckily they're both quite
close together in them what I mean is
they actually have a few of the same
influences the center of my dish is a
chicken adobo which is kind of like a
very vinegary peppercorn east Jew exists
in both cultures I think which is cool
it's gonna sit on a bed of quinoa which
is my Peruvian element and then it's
gonna go with banana catsup which is
another name for ketchup and it's
bananas instead of tomato my two
cuisines were German and Vietnamese so
what I've done is picked some iconic
ingredients from German cuisine and
shoehorned them into a classic dish from
Vietnam that I absolutely loved when I
was there but it's quite I mean it's not
necessarily one that everyone's heard of
cao lau hmm I'm taking sausage beer
sauerkraut and pretzels and putting them
into the cowl a dish which has got all
the fragrance and spiced Vietnam why
aren't you doing a hot dog bar maybe I'm
starting with one element that I haven't
even mentioned yet which is chicken
Rene's I'm hoping I'm pronouncing that
right and probably not but what it is is
fried pork belly rind simmer it very
very slowly in the water which renders
all the fat out of it and then the water
evaporates and then the fat renders so
it ends up slow cooking and then frying
in its own fat so Kerala is like a
noodle dish that stems from Haiyan and
it's super traditional I had it once
when I was there it's kind of a
room-temperature noodle dish is fragrant
and I've got almost Chinese influences
as well so lots of Chinese five-spice
and star anis but also the fresh herb
and chili
no you're not no no you're not allowed
to future you don't have to bring
Chinese cuisine into this so what I'm
gonna do is marinate the pork this is
pork leg
in soy sauce fish sauce sambal Chinese
five-spice sugar salt and then adding
the freshness of lemongrass garlic and
onion marinate all up you can leave it
overnight but this is gonna braise off
so nicely I'm not going to bother so
sear it and then braise it in beer
German beer and that's he done for a
couple of hours now
I think the Vietnamese flavors as
incredibly fresh and vibrant and spicy
and it's kind of like which is that
which is kind of what German food needs
to lift it professional the challenge
with fusion is putting two things
together and ending up with something as
good if not better than the two
individual because otherwise you're just
doing it for the sake of it and the
novelty James your pork is finally it's
all for now so I'm guessing what you've
done there is you've created a Chevy
foam that will end up on the plate later
is that right making my banana catsup
I've put onion garlic ginger and chili
in a pan fry it off for a long time like
20 minutes half an hour to get it really
flavorful
then we've had my banana it's multi
pureed dark sugar rum coconut vinegar
allspice and then leave it for ten
minutes to simmer might one hell of a
ketchup and I'm kind of like talking a
little bit quietly cuz I'm thinking I
can get through this whole thing without
been making a banana joke I know it's
not done anything is it in a heap beats
you because he put some pork in the pan
and left it there for three hours you
need to take a good hard look at
yourself
ha I mean you are touching it play yes
so it doesn't mean anything
in the carpet and the general context of
life the German part is going to be
sausage I'm gonna make my own sausages
but I'm gonna make them Vietnamese style
so it starts off with rice that I'm
going to fry in a dry pan or toast in
the drove dry pan to get some color and
then turn that into rice powder mix it
with some ginger or gallon Gayle fish
sauce with ferment and pork mince and
then shake them sausages little sausages
so are you using some of the inspiration
for my new and Mike winter Vietnam
together on your holiday I mean it must
have been what six seven years ago and
Mike is still bitter at the fact that I
was designated photographer the trip I
don't know how that happened was taking
a whole bunch of photos it gots the end
of our trip we were on a boat in the
middle Holland Bay did tall round all
the little islands and the boat suddenly
stops that everyone could jump in the
anchor hit the boat lurched and they
slid in slow motion off the side of the
deck into the boat but into a bucket of
salt water where everyone was rinsing
their feet phone gone once you've got a
nice bit of color on the rice let it
cool grind it to a powder and a spice
grinder and you end up with that and
it's that that goes into the sausage mix
so if you were to walk into a fusion
restaurant and they've had five of these
dishes on the menu I know what you can
keep go for the thing I find about
fusion food is you don't necessarily
know where the line is until you've gone
past it and it becomes completely
opinion-based
as well so how do you know how do how do
you know this baby because I receive
death threats when I put a paella in a
burrito listen to me Jamie Iguchi me el
burrito is Mexican Oh lapa yeah Valencia
now and that wasn't even Batman it was
to this sort of like no don't don't say
don't say it
because they'll come after you to it
catsup spy blinking spitting just FYI
you've been on the spit your sausages
aren't looking great
that's why it just FYI little taste us
James when does your alcoholic beverage
to bribe the judges arrive you know that
I don't stoop to that level three German
Vietnamese five kiss my catsup is
simmering so now I'm gonna start the
adobo which starts with a whole chicken
because I want the supremum of the
breasts so that's the breast with the
wing on it that means that the wing is
gonna hold the skin on so you're gonna
get a lovely skin that doesn't shrivel
up what I thought is taking three
ingredients from a traditional
Vietnamese pickle holy basil chili and
lime juice and added it to sauerkraut
which is obviously fermented cabbage
flavor the caraway so the two kind of do
that and become a garnish you see
actually using holy basil or just coin
basil if you don't like to bless it
what makes kaol our noodles unique is
the fact that they are cooked and soaked
in lye water and it uses a specific
water from the well of Haiyan I can't
get that so instead I'm going to soak it
in German beer more fusion doesn't like
poisonous yeah I mean it's not great
we know it's not poisonous it's just a
chemical isn't it in large quantities
most chemicals are poisonous and
generally it's used in food things like
century eggs mandarin oranges olives
pretzels bagels thanks Jones to star in
that conversation why are you guys so
adverse to learning learn this talking
see even I can see from there this
obsession with you using every moment of
time I think is very bizarre you don't
have to make things excessive there just
have to be good as long as they're good
yeah like yeah you're gonna be you're
gonna be good they're gonna be okay
you're gonna be fine I would sit here
and shoot a bit down on this but he has
one of
these really spoke again a syllable jump
at the end of ketchup means sauce in
Cantonese and the kick bit comes from
preserved fish
oh my beer foams good I've blended up my
catsup
I'm keeping it warm on the heart right
now and I have combined the coconut
vinegar with soy sauce garlic
peppercorns and bay leaves
that's my adobo mixture I'm just gonna
like poach the chicken gently in that
and then we're gonna fry the chicken and
oil afterwards which is definitely not
traditional another reason for doing
this is that it cooks the skin so that
when you fry it the skin doesn't shrivel
I've never used coconut Bennigan's
before can we try some yes I I will let
me taste it oh the thing I'm most
worried about this dish is whether it's
going to appeal to their preferences
because this is a noodle dish that
served cold or room temperature and we
typically serve for breakfast and which
is not the way we would typically eat
spicy noodle dishes basically if we
don't like his dish it's our fault okay
everything is ready to go I've got a
chicken stuck on for my quinoa which I'm
gonna cook and mixed with my pepper and
coriander which I've already chopped I
have cooked my pork out for the last
hour or so it's looking amazing is still
cooking it's gonna get really crispy
I've reduced my adobo sauce down kept
kind of basting the chicken in it and
now I'm frying the chicken off to get
crispy skin and then I'm gonna give it a
final baste and that's me done
oh no no you can have some have some
yummy you are out of control some on its
own what's left and cooking the poor is
too strong it's all that marinade all
that beer and all the porkiness so
dilute it down with cold water that also
brings the whole thing down to encounter
boys you're into your last five minutes
35 seconds left
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
step away from the plate son that is a
unique dish and am excited seize right
[Music]
boys as a challenge how did you find
that I find it creative oh it's good I
like when the breeds quite tight it's
not making fusion dishes that cuisine
and that cuisine you make it work I hope
it has give it a good mix up and then
get involved noodles cooked in beer yeah
really unusual I like it
the pretzels have lost their crunch
obviously I was positive mixed in but it
needs that texture I think the biggest
thing that I'm guessing from that dish
is a surprise with every mouthful don't
like the sausage you don't you still
don't know sausage I think the standout
element of that dish is the thing that
brings it all together which is the
broth I can really taste the beer in it
it's a James curry plate thank you I'll
take that as a compliment it is a
hundred percent of James Chloe yeah what
five in
I can't tell where I am in the world
Barry we joked when James is making the
cat soup and we would like to dip lots
of different things in it mmm
I still want to dip all of those things
in that catsup has got such a punch of
flavor to it I can't get my head around
what you've done to that chicken
like it's so succulent you've pumped it
full of something extra juice from
somewhere those freakishly beautiful the
garlicky salty vinegary glaze on the
chicken works so well with the quinoa
was like Earthian fresh that's we need
to have a chat about this I think we've
come to an agreement it's a fusion
battle this has to be half of one place
half of the other coming together to
make to unite to make an incredible dish
one of these dishes it felt like there
was more the 80/20 split and the other
was more 50/50 our winner today
for those reasons and the dish that we
feel created something that can step up
outside of his existing regions and
create a new dish
it's James Alistair curry thank you you
know what I think for once we're all in
agreement nice it is actually really
good fun what we do better
yes I love things inside your brain for
a little while and then get out as
quickly as possible if you like those
recipes let us know your favorite in the
comments and we've put links down below
that will take you to sorted Club the
home of all things sorted oh I have to
ask for the dad joke of it yeah give it
ask me you know you want it Ben give me
a dad joke of the week okay
I've got no idea why people keep moan
about this genetically modified food I
had a really delicious leg of salmon the
other day almost
snigger stinger I'll see you on
Wednesday we've also built the sorted
Club where you can get tons of foodie
inspo using the packs midweek meal app
discover and share restaurant
recommendations using their eat app
listen and contribute to our feast your
ears podcast and send us ideas for new
cookbooks you'll receive throughout the
year check it all out by heading to
sorted dot Club
[Music]
and now a blooper want to put it back in
that dish do I
