and what's up everyone instead is here
back with another video and today I'm
gonna be checking out FML 48 latest song
called gang ham check now before I
continue on if you want to see me react
to any videos or watch me unbox and
review products or you just want to
simply hang out with me make sure you
hit that subscribe button and turn on
that notification bells so they don't
miss out on any of my new videos that I
publish right now that's out of the way
let's get started
to say the design of the decoding kind
of reminds me of a you know Italian
pizza restaurant tablecloth you know you
were seeing it like here nothing wrong
with that it just reminds me of that
oh they're very synchronized with their
hand movements and dance movements
overall it's nice I have I'm not
complaining it looks good
okay goosebumps it I don't know what
gingham check means feel free to comment
down below let me know what Kingham
checked means okay
they're doing that you know is it a
sailor mundi how the dance and how they
synchronize themselves looks really good
as well and you know they're very
cheerful again it's a cheerful song
right so well that's the feeling I'm
getting from this so yeah
cool honestly thought there's more than
8 4 ml 48 though there will be 40
members in there I don't know sounds
nice feels nice
I feel happy unlike one I'm enjoyed
while I watch their costume design it's
not too bad again kind of reminds me of
that pizza Italian tablecloth not that
it's it's a negative thing I'm actually
feeling hungry now so maybe that's
probably why I'm thinking you know maybe
I should get some pizza or pasta
I did ask this question before in my
previous videos what SB 19 + ml for date
should collaborate together I know
there's been a large number of response
from it and I feel like they should you
know they're all boat in the Philippines
why not collaborate together you know
barely read this comment in here I don't
know the name is sorry so professional
even though her petticoats ruined she
found a way to make it something to her
advantage
good job to run I didn't even notice
anything but yeah good job to everyone
good job okay there's not a comment in
here and I think there's something wrong
with my browser hope they release dance
practice so know what that's what I
should do next is actually watch you
know if they have a dance practice video
comment down below if you want me to
react to FML 48 dance practice video I
think there is one right there is there
should be one or you know if you want me
to continue to react more FML for the
feel free to comment down below let me
know well that's about it thank you so
much for dropping by if you enjoyed this
video remember to give it a like I
really appreciate it and subscribe to my
channel for more videos I'm really
hungry now so yeah I'll catch you in the
next one alright bye
