hope you are as well where you're from
today I want to talk to you about
foreigners in the
USA as opposed to foreigners in
Philippines yeah foreigners in the
USA as opposed to
foreigners it is p yeah what's up my gu
hey when you talk about foreigners
understand different countries different
cultures have a different
uh
conception about the reality of what a
foreigner really is and and the reality
of how a foreigner conducts himself and
in the reality of how the finances of a
foreigner person is now I'm going to
give you a perfect example when when
you're in the United States you're a
foreign person guess what my guys most
United States citizens would regard you
as a as a a poor person as a person of
no means as a person of no substance as
a person that has trouble communicating
yeah and so most foreigners that are in
the United States are actually looked
down upon by United States citizen
that's just the way it is in the United
States okay but when you're talking
about inoc PS foreigners here in this
country are regarded regarded in high
status in other words if you a foreigner
in the Philippines most of the time many
of the the natives will consider you in
high
regard at least as it pertains to
financial status wealth you know they
look in in in the minds of the Filipinos
foreigners are every Foreigner accepts
this land is is
Rich you know like James to say Rick
Rick Rick James to say I'm rich you know
what with a be on it you I'm saying I'm
rich they they think that every every
Foreigner in the Philippines is Rich
with a capital B you know what the other
word is all right yeah that's what it is
yeah but it's not the case but I don't
know what it takes the acts of Congress
I don't know what it takes to get them
to understand that even though you're in
the Philippines as a foreigner you don't
have you make may not be rich you know
you may be well off you may be middle
class you may be lower class poor class
high class whatever but you don't
necessarily have to be rich and and I
don't know what it is you know uh to
this day I've been here I've been in
this country eight years okay and to
this day everybody that I know that's a
Filipino here regards me as I'm a
multi-millionaire in
the I'm not playing with you man that's
the way it is here but in the USA
foreigners in the United
States most people I'm going tell you to
be honest with you most United States
citizens do not give foreigners the time
of day they just it's the way it is most
United States don't regard foreigners in
the United States as real citizens and
they're really not citizens but they
don't regard them as residents now it's
different here in Philippines you
regarded as a resident you have rights
but uh most people think you're rich and
there's some other things that in the
Philippines they think about
foreigners number one if you're an
African-American and you live in the
Philippines okay you're resident here
you're tourist visa permanent resident
whatever they think that you're
dumb young but Rich go figure man dumb
or Rich yeah they think you're dumb and
not only that they think you don't you
don't bathe there's a whole a lot of
negative connotations that Filipinos
have in their minds about foreigners
here now in the USA it's not that case
you don't think that the foreigners are
dumb in the United States most residents
don't they think that they just don't
know our rules they don't know the ways
and they don't know what what uh the
standards are in the USA and they have a
long learning curve and that's true out
here in the Philippines it's the same
thing when you first come out here you
don't know the all the ways the rules
the regulations Etc so you have a learn
curve to learn things and it takes time
but out here the people in the
Philippines expect foreigners to know
everything about their culture when they
step foot in this land and that's a huge
huge problemo because a lot of times the
the least little thing you do could they
could take Filipinos could take it the
wrong way so as a foreigner living in
the Philippines you have to be very very
careful that you don't uh uh go against
their culture morals and values
and and say something or do something
that may put yourself in Jeopardy now
let's talk about the rise of I guess you
would call the rise of hatred the rise
of uh problems that many foreigners in
the United States are having right now
you know there's a lot of let's be more
specific many Asian foreigners are
having in the United States a lot of the
problems are a lot of Asian foreigners
are being beat up and I don't condone
violence in any form shape or fashion
whether the violence stems from the
United States Philippines or any other
country it's wrong and it should be
condemned okay but what happens is a lot
of times United States citizens look at
foreigners as second class people that's
not not really real citizens or not
really real humans and so as a result of
that they have a tendency to take out
their hatred the violence Etc on a
foreign person versus an American
citizen that is wrong okay I don't know
how how that happens why that happens
but it happens a lot and Americans if
you're out there and you're dealing with
a foreigner an Asian leave them alone
don't put your hands on them it's not
right it's wrong foreign people have
rights just as well as native people I'm
here in the United I'm here in the
Philippines right now even though I'm
not a Filipino citizen I have rights as
a resident here okay and I'm to be
respected and most people do respect
that but in the United States it's a
different case they think that just
because you're a foreigner there in the
United States you have no right but you
do have rights as a resident you may not
be a citizen yet uh living in the United
States but you do have rights as a
resident just like I'm not a citizen
here in the Philippines but I have
rights as a resident of this country so
there's a lot of differences and I I'll
probably extend this video I want to
talk about some more issues I don't have
time right now I'm out here doing take
care of some business downtown but I'll
probably extend this video there some
other thing I want to talk about I'm
going to go to more depth and more
detail with you but that's it for now I
just wanted to discuss a couple of
things to let you guys understand this
is minor differences right now that I
just picked up on I was I was out here
and uh it just came to my mind I'm a
foreigner in a foreign land but what
happens when people uh are foreigners in
the United States how are they treated
and that this that this thought just
came in my mind and I want to bring that
to you but I got some other ideas I
don't have the time to go into it right
now cuz it's going to take me a long
time I'm out here downtown and I'm out
I'm out in the open and I don't I don't
want to get into detail with I might
just do a recorded video on that one but
that's different now guys this is Bob D
say take care God bless and peace see
you on the back side of
tomorrow
