ah so we decided to go on
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
country C by reservation only there
arrived sure but we don't know where we
should talk like we don't know where we
should bring the car in Agawam one
eternity later
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
nope you have to place where they can
read it dude
put it where they can read it not upside
down
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
so here's the tent we have a struggling
building the tent because we started
already so and there's our table there
so perfect so what we have to do now is
to barbecue yeah
[Music]
[Music]
I mean the more people dealing with now
[Applause]
[Music]
he taught me how to hit this before I
thought that you just need to put it in
the lattice and then just eat it
straight or eat half of it but the
original is like they escape I'm going
to teach you drifting grab one it's pork
and you need to dip it in this Jam see
then put it here and then grab this one
so this is actually a perilla leaves
sesame leaves kimchi and put it here and
then wrap it like this then this one you
need to put it in your mouth and eat
everything at one two three like this
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
we're gonna play they smell
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
are you drunk so hard to Koreans drink
okay Cheers
[Music]
[Laughter]
what are you doing right now I'm burning
your burning marshmallows or you're
roasting marshmallows every day
I'm gonna try it go give you a fire
small oh well I think I'm
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
bro
[Laughter]
few inches later
[Music]
we don't have so we're burning the
papers right now like right now it's
about 10:31 and mm-hmm and we are out of
food right now so let's burn this
everything and go with that and watch
movie chill and sleep
[Music]
[Music]
morning so I just woke up right now a
time check is around 9:30 a.m. we can't
really sleep yesterday because of the
noise from the highway because this time
parties are fairly beside the highway 1
so pretty noisy at night there's a lot
of noise coming from the cars so
couldn't really sleep yesterday so we're
gonna check out around 2 p.m. today for
maybe we're just gonna get breakfast and
then do morning walk hey morning good
morning
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay so I think that's a wrap for our
camping plug yep so we clean our area
nice and clean like no one stayed there
yeah so now we're gonna chill out a
little bit and have to home yeah so now
we have to go home take a rest that's it
I really wanna really wet what I think
about yeah because we really want to
take a bath because we feel so greasy as
we've been putting a lot of sunscreen
sunscreen yeah repellent yeah the
insecurity island lotion so we feel we
feel so sticky okay so once again we
would like to thank you for watching
this vlog hey tell you guys and then we
hope that we will see you and if you
like this channel please like comment
subscribe see you the next one
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
