so in this video I want to talk about
what I love most about Filipino culture
after living here for more than three
years let's talk
[Music]
so the first thing that I love about
Filipino culture is that Filipinos know
how to party
[Music]
so depending on where you are at
different types of years there's
different fiestas going on and I tell
you I don't know how people survive
during these times because it's like
they're up 24 7 the music going the
karaoke is going the drinking's going
everybody's just really having a great
time not too long ago I was in butuan in
Mindanao and I happened to go there
during Fiesta time and there was so much
celebration going on there was big
events which were just really put
together so professionally it was so
impressive and people were just coming
over eating socializing enjoying and it
was just really a blast to be around
them there's also huge festivals like
where I live in Cebu there's synolog
Festival once a year and I've honestly
never been in crowds so big as I've been
in at a synolog festival people are
dancing performing music going on a lot
of food a lot of drink a lot of fun and
Filipinos just really know how to enjoy
their time together
second thing I really love about
Filipino culture is that people are so
low maintenance now where I come from
and I think probably a lot of Western
cultures people are really high
maintenance you know just to have a
friend you got to make sure that they
kind of check off the right box they're
your kind of people you got to be really
careful what you say what you don't say
maybe what you eat or don't eat or drink
whatever there's just kind of this long
list of things that you're supposed to
do or not supposed to do around other
Americans and I think a lot of it is out
of a good heart in the U.S you know
people are very careful about how they
act what they do but at the end of the
day it's just kind of exhausting and you
don't realize how exhausting it is until
you move somewhere like the Philippines
where all of that is just kind of gone
and to this day it's taken me a while to
realize that P people aren't critiquing
me about everything that I say or do or
wear or think you're just kind of
accepting me who I am and Filipinos
really accept each other for who they
are it doesn't kind of matter how you
think or any of those type of Hang-Ups
that people have in the US and other
countries people are just so
refreshingly low maintenance and
accepting another thing that I love
about Filipino culture is that Filipinos
help each other so you really see this
especially when there's tragedies or
when there's been a natural disaster
Filipinos really stick together they
support each other they help out each
other you definitely see this in the
family structure as well where people
aren't these separate individuals
responsible for their own life they're a
whole team as a family where they're
really sticking by each other's side
making sure everybody has somewhere to
live food to eat whatever it takes if
people are going through hard times
where there's not a lot to eat still
they all share and make it happen it's
really beautiful part of Filipino
culture here where there's a support
system where you just don't see people
left alone you know in the country that
I come from there are so many Lonely
People my guess is there's just really
not too many lonely people here in the
Philippines that really feel like they
don't have anybody that loves them cares
for them is there for them and this
caring for each other and really
thinking of more than just themself
thinking of others around them it's just
another really beautiful part of
Filipino culture
another thing that's so refreshing about
Filipino culture is that people don't
argue much now sometimes I'll hear
people in Cebu they're kind of raising
their voice and I'll think man is this
heated and then people will say nothing
is wrong we just kind of talk loud we
sound a little bit like we're angry but
there's no problems going on and the
thing is is I just don't see people
arguing here sometimes on social media
or this or that people will be debating
something you know kind of
inconsequential however I still can't
even think of one time where I've seen
people like yelling at each other or
some kind of you know argument that gets
heated or things like that that I'm used
to seeing in other countries without a
doubt people have disagreements they
don't always get along no doubt behind
closed doors people argue but in the US
and other places this kind of sense of
arguing and having your point and being
right it just spills into everyday life
wherever you happen to be and here it's
just so refreshing to not have that
cloud of argumentative people surrounded
you it's another thing I'm so grateful
to be around in the Philippines
totally different than this I really
love how much Filipinos are child like
not childish but childlike not too long
ago I was talking with my buddy Marco
Marco's been on the channel a number of
times one of my very best friends over
here and he said that some of his
friends were watching our Christmas
video for the Purple Cow delish Deli
Christmas party and it was saying how
the adults that work for my companies
were acting and they kind of had their
impression like these guys are kind of
childish
and it it really kind of made me stop
and think about it for a sec because
when I look back at the Christmas party
video people were probably doing things
that might be common for much younger
kids in other countries but to me these
are responsible hard-working adults that
are not at all childish however it
really got me thinking about a part of
Philippines culture that I love so much
and that is that I think that people are
really childlike what do I mean by that
I mean that they really still have a
sense of
Joy about what's going on around them
you're gonna find people even in their
places of work where they're dancing
where they're singing whether they have
a great voice and there's a lot of
amazing singers over here or whether
they have a terrible voice like I do
people are just
kind of free of the inhibitions that
people in a lot of other countries have
where they're not caring how they sound
they're not caring how they look they're
just in the moment singing or dancing or
playing or enjoying life it's really a
beautiful thing you know I think that
adults in a lot of other countries lose
that kind of sense of just going with
the flow enjoying life making the most
of the moment and I think they get so
much more inhibitions about well I can't
do that because I'm not you know a great
singer or whatever it may be people here
seem to not have that in their culture
people just really love each other
except each other and like I said before
about being low maintenance there's just
not that sense of you know judgment and
other things like that over here with
most things another thing I love about
Philippines culture is that families are
closer now listen there's a lot of very
tight-knit close families all around the
world but here it just seems like it's
really a much
a higher degree of closeness people
really think of the others people really
sacrifice themselves for each other and
I think that families are overall a much
stronger unit here however as a
Westerner some things just feel so
different that it takes a while to get
used to over here but when you really
see what the family structure is like
here compared to so much other cultures
it's really so obvious that Filipino
families are so close with each other
last but not least one of the things
that I really love about Filipinos
culture is that people seem to cope with
difficult times with challenges with
stress with you know major events that
just impact their life so much better
you know people say that Filipinos are
more resilient but I think that's really
a cultural thing nobody is born
resilient or not resilient at least I
don't think so I think it's something
that's really a part of the culture and
what I find here is that Filipinos have
qualities like patience acceptance you
know lower expectations and a lot of
those things I think help them to
weather storms where people here are
just able to cope with so much more
better than others and it's something
actually all these things are things
that I'm really trying to learn from I'm
trying to adopt and become just a bit
more Filipino in my day-to-day life so I
gotta say I love the Philippines I love
Filipinos and these are just a handful
of the reasons why if you've been to the
Philippines or if you know Filipinos I
would love to hear what are some of the
things that you love about Filipino
culture let us know in the comment below
and as always guys thank you for taking
the time to watch
and don't forget to share and subscribe
take care
[Music]
