today what I wanted to do was talk about
the pros and cons of being a married
expat so let's take a look at that
[Music]
now as I see it there are three
different paths that you can go down
when you're talking about your marital
status as an expat now the first one is
that and this is very much I would say
the majority of a lot of guys the the
first option is that you're looking at
dating with the purpose of finding the
right relationship that works for you
and again that's different for everybody
what I want out of a relationship is
different from what you may want or the
guy that you know next door wants so
you're gonna go into the Philippines
Cambodia Vietnam Thailand wherever and
you have a certain type of woman in mind
and you're gonna date because chances
are low that you're gonna it's gonna be
the first woman that you date overseas
you're probably gonna have to date for a
while and again it's a process you have
meet someone you go on that first day
there's enough interest second day third
day and then as I've always you know
mentioned before there's this 90-day
rule you really start getting
comfortable with somebody and they
really kind of get off their best
behavior they kind of let their guard
down and show who they really are within
three months and that's when you're just
starting to really deal with the real
person because you're gonna you're gonna
get little clues here and there and of
course they're on their best behavior
you are too and and you're gonna try to
piece together who this person is during
that first three months and you're gonna
put together in your head well I think
this is how she is and then it's it's a
it's usually I would say 80% of the time
in a new relationship in that first 90
days those first three months you you
end up getting enough information that
you you either definitely want to
continue and pursue a relationship with
this woman or you definitely get enough
information that you realize okay this
this was interesting I'm glad I checked
it out she seemed like a good can
but you know now I know she smokes or
whatever it is you know she's you know
like this one girl I dated her for five
weeks
it wasn't until like after a month that
I really realized that she had an
alcohol problem I mean she was like
showing up late or not showing up at all
to work because she was hungover so to
me that's that's a deal breaker I'm not
gonna deal with you know somebody that
isn't alcoholic that's just my thing for
other guys it's you know you might meet
the woman and she says she doesn't smoke
and then you know two months later you
you realize she's sneaking off to smoke
she was barely holding out not smoking
when she was with you but then you start
smelling it on their clothes or whatever
and if smoking is a deal-breaker for you
you'll find that out in the first three
months they're only going to be able to
hide these these you know deal-breaker
habits for about that period so here you
are you're a guy and you're telling
yourself well I want to go to this other
country and get married I want to
but I want to find the woman that I'm
looking for and I'm telling you right
now I don't know why this this you know
seems to catch so many people off-guard
but finding that right person is a
process and has nothing to do with with
how eligible you are how much of a catch
you are
I know Filipinos who are wonderful
Filipinos they're smart they're they do
yoga they they exercise they're they're
happy they're all these things and
they're still single because they keep
running into a lot of the wrong guys so
and same thing with guys I know guys who
are expats who have dated and dated and
dated now part of this could be again
their selection process maybe they don't
filter high enough but they're still
single guys looking for a good woman
again just it's not because they're a
bad catch they're good guys it's just
that it's a process you know you it's
almost like looking for the right career
you try this job I mean how many of you
really stuck with the first job you got
out of high school and just stuck with
it for 20 years
there's probably 2% of all the guys in
the you know retired now who can look
back and say yeah I stayed my entire
work career but the first job I got out
of high school very few people can say
that
what happens is you try this job
eventually you realize okay you know the
manager is really you know a jerk or
whatever and you move to another you
know place or this one's offering more
money or this one's a better career
advancement you know for whatever reason
it's a process before you find that
career that you commit to for 20-some
years and and finding a life is it's
really not much different you date and
then you see if there's more interest
and if you make it past that 90 days
well now you got what I call a contender
now you've got somebody who's a great
candidate if you can get past the first
90 days you just outlive the other 80%
that fall by the wayside so that's your
first option is you go to the other
country and you're all anxious to find
the right person just expect that it's
gonna take a little bit of looking and
that's any country any country that you
go to very rare I know what happens but
very rare you meet the right person the
first person that you date so now what's
the second option the second option is
you decide well you're gonna go to the
Philippines you're gonna go to Thailand
wherever and you're not interested in
dating no you're not interested in in
getting married you're just not
interested you've told yourself no I got
burned I got court raped in the States I
am never gonna get married ever again so
then you go ahead and you know you still
want a social life yeah so you know you
date this girl you date that girl you
you know you almost purposely date girls
that you know you would never marry
because you know that way it's kind of
built-in it's almost like like choosing
a self-destruct button you know you pick
a girl who maybe she is a bar girl or
maybe she is does drink a lot or maybe
she parties a lot or maybe whatever but
you pick a girl that
again you just know it's not gonna work
because you don't want it to work you're
not looking for a wife you know and so
you just figure oh you're gonna date
here date there but just like that Elvin
Bishop song fooled around and fell in
love
I guess you come across you cross paths
with her on a dating site or in person
at the grocery store the bakery you
cross paths with this this woman and she
totally catches you by surprise she's a
great woman she's sweet she's wonderful
she's crazy about you
and now your whole plan changes now
you're thinking you know I was kind of
burnt on the idea of marriage but now
that I met this woman I don't want to
just date her I don't want to leave her
in two months I want to stay with her so
that's the second thing that can happen
you go in with the intention of staying
single you just run across the person
that changes your whole plan you know
again just love can do amazing things so
so get lost but that's a whole other
video so now your third option is the
worst option and that option is where
you go whether it's for vacation or
whatever or looking on the dating sides
or you're living overseas as an expat
full-time the third and worst path that
you can take is you don't know what you
want and and so if you don't know and
you're you're just dating around and you
don't know that you want to get married
and you don't know that you want to stay
single
guaranteed here's what's gonna happen
you're gonna create a whole lot of
heartache for yourself and for these
women you date because just when things
get rolling and she's thinking and
you're thinking oh yeah she's my side
girl whatever and and she doesn't take
me serious she's dating other guys you
know it's all loose and fun and
everybody's cool with that
well the moment she falls in love with
you and you're still like no I
want to keep it loose okay you're just
pretty much gonna have to stop seeing
her and that's gonna be a drag and she's
gonna get all heartbroken and it becomes
a mess or the other way around you meet
some girl and again you're you don't
know what you want you go ahead and you
find one you think oh this is the girl I
want to marry and you start getting all
into this and then you marry her and
then two months six months after
marriage you're like I didn't want to
get married why did I get married I want
to still date and so what happens I see
this all the time the Filipino wife and
kids are back at the house and the expat
guy is out at the bar you know playing
grab-ass with the waitresses you know
and taking them off to the quickie
hotels during during the during the
evening so again there's a situation
where a guy didn't know what he wanted
made the commitment with marriage and
now he's out there now he's got a messed
up marriage he's causing her a bunch of
heartache you know probably dragging
some STD back home I mean you know we're
having a kid with some other woman now
while he's married to the other it's
it's a mess
why because he didn't know what he
wanted he didn't really think before he
started his dating choices what do I
want to get married or do I want to be
single yeah and by the way having a
vasectomy at least helps you with the
issue of unplanned pregnancies I mean I
am just dumbfounded by guys who are
still firing live rounds and they're
playing around all over the place either
while they're married or while they have
a good relationship going and then all
of a sudden BAM the girl that he doesn't
really you know he's not really in love
with she ends up pregnant you know and
now now the problems
okay so those are the three different
paths that you can think about that are
ahead of you because whether consciously
or by your actions you're gonna go down
one of these three paths you know it's
just gonna work out that way
so now let's go back to now be looking
at the the pros and the cons now the
pros and cons of let's say the pros
we'll start with that the pros of
getting married the first thing that
usually comes to most people's mind is
well getting married doesn't guarantee
anything you know you you know you could
just as easily you could leave them or
they could leave you you could cheat on
them they could cheat on you whether you
got that piece of paper or not and
that's true but think about it what is
guaranteed in life you know death and
taxes is what everybody says but really
what is guaranteed in life is the job
that the company you work for is that
guarantee no but you go ahead and you
take the job anyway you know and you
take it day by day and you have the in
your mind the commitment that oh I want
a career I'm gonna I'm gonna do this you
know and and so the idea that going into
marriage thinking that it's it's somehow
gonna give you a guarantee it's kind of
a false argument it marriage was never
set up really offering this guarantee
that if you you know stand in front of
the courthouse or the church and you do
this thing somehow you're your spouse is
never gonna cheat on you or leave you so
forget about the whole guarantee thing
so what what is the probe what is the
positive about getting married well if
you're living if you decide that you're
gonna live in a foreign country where
there again be Vietnam it be
Phillipines whatever you're looking at a
better visa situation I mean really that
is a benefit if you decide for instance
to get married in the Philippines you
can get an SR RV visa now there's other
ways to get that without getting married
but if we're talking about if you're
getting married and you're gonna be a
long-term expat in the Philippines well
there's a benefit for you is yeah you do
get a break on the visa it cuts down
expenses whatever now you can also argue
well you're saving on immigration
expenses but now you have the added
expenses of marriage you know
responsibilities there which leads to
the second thing if you want to look at
kind of one of the cons negatives about
marriage responsibilities is one of them
now for this is where you've got a
really drawn line responsibility is not
considered a burden by a man who loves
his wife loves his children he really
doesn't consider it a burden he
considers it again his responsibility
and he's glad to take on that
responsibility he cares about them he
loves them so of course he wants to
provide for them protect them take care
of them you know build some kind of
security for them in the future to him
it's not a burden but if if you look at
responsibilities you're not married yet
and you look to the future and you say
if I marry this woman and make some
babies with her Wow I'm really gonna
have to settle down I'm gonna have to
maybe get a house I'm gonna have to
provide for my kids I'm gonna have to
you know cover their expenses for
medical and for going to school and
field trips and soccer and karate and
ballet now if you look at all that as a
burden then the responsibility aspect of
marriage is for you a negative because
if you don't want more responsibility I
don't blame you I don't blame you
believe me I mean I've lived
I've been divorced I think now for about
12 14 years and living my life without
any responsibility for the most part for
anybody other than myself has been kind
of great the idea of of responsibility
again if you look at it as a bad thing
as a burden then you really shouldn't be
getting married but that is something
that can be a pro or a con if you're in
love with the woman caring for her and
your children is is not a burden it's
something you want to do now along those
lines of immigration and visa and all
that the other aspect of pros and cons
is changed if you're not going to be a
long-term expat if you're going into
another country to find a really good
woman and get married and not live in
the other country long term you want
your whole plan from the get-go was to
bring her back to your country well now
the dynamics are completely different
now as I've said before she is the hot
commodity
this beautiful often younger woman who
is traditional who comes to your country
is rare so other men are gonna want her
they will and and the way they can get
her is to sabotage your relationship
sabotage your marriage and offer her
incentives hey I'm younger hey I got
more money Hey I'm more exciting you
know and and and this is a real test on
this woman that you've now brought to
your country again
she's not used to being a hot commodity
back home back home she's just another
Thai woman back home she's just another
Filipina but in the United States Canada
UK Australia wow she's exotic and and a
lot of especially younger women can
handle all of a sudden being flirted
upon every time they go to the grocery
store put gas in the car you know walk
to the park be at the gym there they're
just not used to that kind of attention
and it can go to their head even a good
woman I mean look at what happens to a
lot of expats who go to the Philippines
and all of a sudden they're showered
with attention from younger women Oh
some of these guys just go nuts I mean
to the point where they actually think
that they're somehow better-looking in
the Philippines than they were back home
they actually think that there's some
kind of magical playboy or something and
it's just not true it's just that the in
in the Philippines or Thailand whatever
they're now the rare commodity whereas
back home they're just another Aussie
they're just another American they're
just another guy you know so it's the
same dynamic and and so there's
something to consider as a pro and a con
if you don't plan on living overseas
long term and you plan on bringing a
woman back to your home country what I
have found in talking to lots and lots
of expats through p.m. and in person is
this the guys who bring a foreign woman
back to their home country the smaller
the age gap the higher the chance that
marriage will succeed that's the trend
that I have seen if it's about an
eight-year gap very high chance of
success for that marriage you know eight
years or less you know and and and
because when she's in the States or in
Canada whatever
nobody's gonna really blink an eye
they're gonna be like yeah you know so
there's seven years of difference I
think my mom and stepdad they were
married happily for 34 years and they
were like 11 years difference in fact my
mom was the one who was one that was
older he was younger
so in you know in the West if the age
gap is small the success rate is higher
but the converse is true as well that if
there's a large age gap and you let's
say we're talking about a 55 65 year-old
guy who brings his 20 22 year old wife
to the west again UK United States
Australia Canada whatever the odds of
that marriage succeeding drop because
the West is opposed to large age gap
relationships they're gonna almost feel
obligated to sabotage it and like I said
she's now this hot commodity she's a 22
year old beautiful sweet and person
perceived by other guys naive she has
seen this way by other guys and she will
get hit on just day after day after day
and and and guys will look at this
situation in the West the younger guys
again they almost feel obligated to ruin
this marriage because to them oh there's
this huge imbalance she's too hot for
that older guy and I need to break this
up she should be with me she should be
with a younger guy I mean and so the
odds of a big age gap bringing the girl
back to your home country success rates
not that good if it's not the guys
coming after her it's other say
filipinas who have already gutted in
court raped one or two other husbands
they're gonna they're gonna say hey your
Filipina I'm Filipino too and next thing
you know they're whispering in her ear
like a Viper telling her oh you know
just wait three years get your
citizenship divorce him take half his
stuff and I'll introduce you to these
guys in fact you can meet them now just
just cheat on him just you know tell
them you're going to the gym and you
know I'll help you meet these guys who
are younger
Philippine I mean that is what these
evil women will do they will corrupt a
perfectly wonderful relationship so what
is the rule of thumb well the rule of
thumb is if you do want a large age gap
relationship and you want that
relationship to succeed really look at
moving and living as a long-term
permanent expat in her country because
again I'll use the Philippines as an
example it's not a big deal it's not a
big deal if if there's an age gap really
nobody cares you see it every day you go
to the mall for the afternoon you might
see 2030 couples the guys over 55 and
she's maybe 2024
this is no big deal nobody really cares
really there might be some in the older
generation that'll whisper or whatever
but really society is not going to
bother
in fact the Philippine culture that that
that younger Filipina that he's married
to her sisters her friends her mother is
gonna advise her love your man be
faithful to your man make sure your man
is happy because if he's not happy one
of these other 10,000 other Filipinos is
gonna grab it so if you want to keep
your husband you keep them happy so the
society supports the age gap
relationship based on their their view
of marriage they don't look at it as age
gap or non age gap they just look at it
as again the traditions are different
the culture is different it's far more
conservative for the most part when
you're dealing with a good Filipino
woman you're dealing with a woman who
again her family is her network is right
there telling her be a good wife
now in response a guy should be a good
husband because he's a lucky guy he's
got a woman that is years younger who
adores him he should be treating her
right as well so anyway so there's some
pros and cons to just think about and
I'm sure there's other pros and cons we
can talk about in the comments section
but I just wanted to get you kind of
like like thinking about well you know
what what things could should you
consider whether you're gonna live
because you yourself know whether you
plan to live long-term permanently in
another country or you just plan on
finding a good woman to bring back with
you or maybe you're just maybe maybe the
other video is more along your lines
you've already decided you just don't
want to get married to you
marriage has no appeal in any country
with any woman of any age you just don't
want marriage and that's fine again
there is no one cookie cutter solution
or plan for everybody because again we
all want different things you know some
of us want marriage some of us don't
some of us want a non-existent age gap
some of us want a larger age gap and
only you can make that decision so
hopefully it gives you some things to
think about and I'll see you in the
comments section and we'll talk about
something else later okay
see you then
[Music]
[Music]
