I wasn't expecting they hit hard
straight up hey what's up everyone
instead us here back with another video
and today I'm gonna be checking out Jap
dolls now this is a special request from
proud war rain and hopefully I
pronounced that right over rinin anyways
apologies if I've mispronounced that by
a please also react to P pop girl group
Jap dose that's J a pH dolls and here's
a link here and when I click on that
link it goes to the wish 107.5 channel
Jack doles performs gumball live on
which 107.5 bus so I don't really know
who Jack doles is I probably need to
read more about it before checking this
video but as always before he'll play
make sure you hit subscribe and turn on
notifications so that you always be the
first to see any of my new reaction
videos alright now that's out of the way
let's check this out alright just
quickly Jack doles it's a five-membered
girl group from the philippines that
consists of all half Filipino Japanese
girls although it is not rare for J pop
groups to have half or full Filipino or
Filipino members they are unique in that
they are the first and only group from
both the Philippines and Japan or j-pop
to have this concept the girls also sing
in half Tagalog and half Japanese okay
why they are signed to the Philippines
most famous entertainment company which
also has super stars such as Sarah
Geronimo James Ray go group people kind
of a braid out girl group pop girls I
don't know who they are but anyways yeah
I'm gonna check Jack Cole jab jab dolls
now and yeah let's do this I said this
is my first time watching this this my
first time reacting to this so you're
very very curious
revolution welcome to the new edition
everybody put your Monday no one is
expecting take it straight up it's metal
bit five but there's only four of them
here
nice
whoo-hoo goosebumps
I like their voice I like their harmony
knee anyways this shut up now I'm just
going to listen to this
Wow
I like the baits it's very catchy songs
all the vocals I like the dishonor for
their way
nice
fire
Wow wish Thanks hey check more of Jap
dolls what do you guys think Jap dolls
look I honestly mind-blown
first of all it wasn't expecting that
the song will be hitting hard like
that's right away their voices
I mean how they yeah that like they're
harming your voices they're saying in
Japanese and English I was I thought
they're gonna sing you know Japanese and
Filipino but you know what that Japanese
English doesn't matter and their voice
is really good
what they're wearing it looks nice as
well they look elegant honestly I didn't
see them as like Filipino like what they
say I honestly attributed to them as
Japanese but I wouldn't really think
that they have the Japanese have
Philippine up anyways that's just my
view comment down below let me know your
thoughts about Jack dolls what do you
guys think of them I honestly will be
checking them out again thank you so
much too proud marina for our you know
requesting for me to react to this video
really appreciate that this just opened
up my eyes I definitely would love to
read more about Jack dogs gonna check
them more out but your comment down
below let me know your thoughts what do
you guys think of Jap DOS that's it for
today I'm feel so happy listening and
I'm just really really curious now yeah
I can't wait to read more about them
can't wait to watch more of their
performances so yeah that's it for me
today thank you so much for dropping by
and hanging out and may you enjoyed this
video remember to give it a like I
really appreciate it and subscribe to my
channel for more videos I'm just I don't
know it just feels so happy right now
you know this new group dark and check
out anyways yeah I'll see you in the
next video alright see ya
