[Music]
I just love how you can smell it
everywhere
what's up everyone I'm Chris we've got
stuff behind the camera and we're hungry
to travel we are here in Davao City the
durian capital of the Philippines So
today we're going to try some Filipino
durian but first let's go get some meat
for breakfast come on
[Music]
[Music]
ah chicken
you guys
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we are here for breakfast this morning
at Young Sati which is a sassy store now
what Sati is it's similar to Indonesian
and Malaysian Satay so what we have here
is we have beef Sati and chicken Sati
and you can see here the lovely sauce
that is poured all over it and we have
the two lumps of rice here which are
called puso they are rice wrapped in
coconut leaves and puso means heart in
Filipino so they look like little hearts
and we have the chicken Sati here nice
big chunks of the chicken wow look at
that now what makes the meat special
here at this location is that they
marinate the meat first before they
Grill it and then they pour their
special sauce which is an authentic
sauce that they've made straight from
the south the recipes from the south of
the country where Sati has become very
very popular and originated and the
difference between this sauce and a
satay sauce that's from Indonesia or
Malaysia is that it's not a peanut that
sauce that's used there it's more of a
sweet and spicy sauce and I can already
smell the sweetness off of the bowls
here wow look at how thick the sauce is
here and such a nice orangey color you
can see the pepper in there so let's
just coat our beef Sati here before we
take a taste of it I'm just gonna Taste
of the sauce first
so it is very thick
it does have a very spicy flavor to that
slightly sweet too oh that is very very
nice it is like a sweet and spicy sauce
very peppery as well that is mmm
delicious but
you can see the meat is nice and red
from the marinade but it's so so tender
each little piece there nice and juicy
still and with the sauce
it's almost like little steak bites that
is really really good you can see the
rice here it is just so packed just very
very dense nice ball of rice there the
puso let's get a bite
okay I like it with the rice because the
rice just soaks up that Sati sauce it
actually helps with the heat of the
sauce it lessens the intensity of the
spiciness of the sauce let's dig into
the chicken satin now and we were told
by the owner Jerome that traditionally
you're supposed to eat the sauce first
and then slowly eat the meat the beef
the chicken the rice so
um
kind of like a soup and it's just so
thick and almost creamy tasting as well
and Jerome is telling us as well that
the main ingredient that enhances the
flavor and the Aromas of the sauce is
the use of turmeric to really taste it
it's a bit spicy again even on a hot day
but it is just still so flavorful I need
to dig into this grilled chicken just
look at the size of this here look at
that and you can see
from this end that doesn't have too much
sauce in it the redness of the marinade
the chicken there
even though it's been grilled on the
grill there it's so juicy still when I
bite into it it has so much flavor it's
got a nice hard flavor as well like a
barbecue Smoky flavor to that
the sauce
wow I don't know which one's better the
beef or the chicken they're both just so
yummy this is honestly an amazing way to
start the day for breakfast here how
could you go wrong with beef chicken
meat
[Music]
delicious Sati sauce and rice of course
that's good the awesome owner Jerome
just gave us a couple of Mountain Dews
as well supposed to be really popular to
eat with the satis so cheers
nice sweetness so refreshing and it
actually does cool off the spiciness
from the sauce too I can see why that's
a good combo and you always gotta have
your ultimate
exactly
the chicken
and the beef there
[Music]
oh ultimate meat combo definitely the
way to go
[Music]
so this is the owner Jerome and as he
like to calls himself his nickname is
Young and this is Young Sati thank you
so much
Sati was Masala delicious thank you for
everything again thank you so much if
you're ever in Davao City definitely pay
young Sati a visit for some delicious
authentic Sati made by Young oh
delicious
thank you
the smell of the durian is so strong
[Music]
anyone
okay this is way bigger than I was
expecting
we are here at one of four president
duterte's favorite restaurant now he's
actually from Davao and this is one of
the restaurants that he frequented a lot
as well as a lot of other Mayors and
senior people in the Filipino government
and we have got an absolute City Feast
going on here so let me show you
everything that we've got let's go
through it all so first we have this
delicious soup called bulalo now this is
made with Leaf bone and beef that has
been stewed for hours making it super
super tender and because the bones in
there all the marrow and the collagen
just melts into the soup creating
something that is super rich and going
to be very flavorful I think we've also
got a side of rice we've also got this
side of very rich
caramel soup to go with our meal and
this which is one of the things that we
really wanted to try here which is tapan
kalabao and it is a carabao which is a
water buffalo jerky and it's been cured
it's quite a nice smell to it we've got
a little calamansi here on top to
squeeze this is sunashi is the owner of
the restaurant here and we are so
excited to try this meal looks so good
Minnie came here because they love our
president
all right so we've got these huge chunks
of beef here look at that some nice
leafy greens
potato and this corn here which the corn
on the cob is a very signature thing of
the bulalo we've got very nice sort of
delicate looking broth
clear but very rich look at that I'm
gonna try some of this broth first on
its own
oh
that's very interesting flavor
it's very nice has quite an aromatic
flavor to it you can really taste like
the garlic in there it's very nice very
musky
it's nice because it's
because it's such a nice flavor from the
boned bone marrow and all the collagen
that has just melted into the soup after
being stewed for so long
um
that's lovely but I really need to try a
piece of this meat here let's just give
this meat cut
look at that it's just so tender it just
comes apart like that barely need to cut
it actually look at that nice and pink
inside and cook perfectly just give it a
little dip in the calamansi fish sauce
here
quite a sourness to it very nice not
meat oh my gosh it's so tender soaps up
the soup that's delicious
very nice
very good and the meat it's nice because
it absorbs all the flavor of the soup
and so it's very flavorful the meat too
not just being tender I'm gonna try this
corn too
mmm oh the corn goes well with it good
too you have nice crunchiness from the
vegetables the softness of the meat
let's get this bone marrow out here
wow look at that
wow it will add more memory yes much
more memories to the dish look how much
yeah bone marrow is there and there's
still some left inside there I haven't
even gotten all of it out but look at
that look at that marrow just like
butter look at that all right
oh
just melts in your mouth seriously like
butter that's incredible and the flavor
of the ginger is so strong moving on I
really want to try this Tata Calabar
which is the cured meat look at this
let's squeeze our calamansi on top to
give it a nice little extra flavor love
the calamansi here in the Philippines
just give it a nice mix up here
oh let's get a big bite over here look
at that let's try this out
oh
that's quite crispy
crispier I think that I was imagining I
thought it was gonna be crispy but
that's really nice you can taste all the
little individual pieces of the fried
meat very nice and crispy I love that
crisp and the flavor of the calamansi
masara very nice yeah it adds a nice
sourness to the meat man that's really
nice
and the flavor of the meat the carabao
it's very nice it's strong it's meaty
but it's not overpowering it's Rich that
is very flavorful it's a nice
rice bite too here
[Music]
especially that's really nice with the
rice because you have the softness of
the rice and the crunchiness of the meat
so it's a really good combination of
textures this is very very delicious and
I love the use of how about the water
buffalo here in the Philippines
such a tasty meat all right so last but
not least we have our inalang which is
the carabao soup and look at this soup
here look at the size of the chunks of
carabao beef in here
so big and meaty
very rich in flavor and not meat
incredibly tender just really melts and
falls apart in your mouth but the
flavors of this similar to the balala
but almost stronger actually the ginger
and the garlic in there this is
beautiful very flavorful
the owner just gave us another helping
of the tapa kalabao which honestly I
think is quite possibly our favorite
thing here although everything is really
good and this is not something you find
very commonly even in Davao so this is
one of the only places that does it and
they just do it so good
thank you so much thank you for having
us and just explaining all the dishes to
us today I can see why it's such a
popular place here your food is just so
flavorful thank you so much again thank
you for such a wonderful experience here
this has been great and Davao you
definitely have to come here
oh
[Music]
very bad
wow
it is so heavy
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
Fruit Stand and there are a ton of
durian stalls here selling Filipino
durian so we are here to have our pick
and try and taste the Filipino durian I
don't know which one to pick so let's
just go take a walk and see which one
looks tasty
[Music]
thank you
so we have picked our Dory install here
this stall sells the durian for 80 pesos
per kilo you have all different sizes
from like medium sized ones to like
seriously cool heavy heavy big ones like
look at the size of this durian holy
moly it's inside the shop too there's a
whole bunch of people eating dairy and I
think they had like three and they're
buying another one here too
[Music]
pretty small
another table of dairy in here as well
so there's just so much durian
[Music]
oh
beautiful
we have our whole three kilo fresh
durian here nicely cut up that's
unveiled vegetarian fruit
bye
that is durian smelling and actually not
as strong as like Malaysian or tigering
and to be honest these are some big
pieces of the fruit here so let's get to
it let's talk in
you love Darian this is heaven right now
so here we have our three kilo durian
and I think there's about four or five
pieces of the durian fruit here big
pieces oh man this smells and looks so
good we got our gloves to wear to eat
our durian with so the pods are so
massive like look at them
got our gloves on
oh wow it's so soft oh it's soft oh wow
it just comes right apart there that's
so creamy look at that
oh creamy I'm gonna grab one of these
top ones here look at that just
pops right out
wow
it's honestly like an avocado texture oh
man I'm so excited we have not during in
a while and we love durian cheers
pictures
[Applause]
[Music]
that's strong it is very strong that is
a strong durian it's a bit sweet but
also slight bitter taste to it too this
one mmm
like a little almost
sourness in a way but it's so creamy
this is very creamy and custardy super
creamy you can just see how soft that is
look at that just comes straight away
from the seed from the pit the flesh so
we've had durian in Thailand and
Malaysia before I have to say this one
is slightly less sweet than the ones
we've tried in Thailand and Malaysia but
super tasty again I love the creaminess
it is the creamiest durian that we've
ever had I think so and to be honest
there's actually so much flesh to it
like the seed right in the center here
you can I don't even know if you can see
oh yeah so there's the seed on the other
side but there's just so much flesh
around the seed this is really good
durian there's just so much meat on
these fruits though on the durian fruit
here wow get some more of this durian oh
my gosh we have a lot of durian here to
eat it is seriously so heavy each
individual piece of the durian here I
was gonna say you
much meat on this
on this that one's huge I know right
look
and this is just part of it like we're
only just starting to get into our
durian here and again this was super
affordable at only 80 pesos per kilo
that's two dollars a kilo so we got a
three kilo durian here for what six
bucks which is extremely affordable and
the reason it's so affordable here in
davaos because this is actually the
durian capital of the Philippines the
island is full of really Lush volcanic
soil as well as just the perfect
tropical climate to grow durian so it's
the main producer in the country and
therefore the cheapest where you can
find it in all the country which is
perfect for us because did I already say
how much we love durian we love durian
we really do we really do
this is a great place because there's so
many different stalls
that are selling durian so you can go up
and down see the different variants that
they're selling the different prices and
just make your own decision
it's like ice cream
it's that creamy oh my gosh look at that
so much meat and again
and this is a pungent durian I have to
say
I think we're gonna have some stinky
breath after this I'm gonna need to
brush our teeth or some wonderful breath
you know it depends who you are I guess
so around each other I guess uh it's
gonna be lovely it will be it'll be
perfect we'll stick together
all right let's crack this puppy open
oh my gosh
there's so much fruit in this durian
holy look at that
look at that the fruit just pops out so
easily that's when you know it's nice
and ripe and ready for eating look at
the color and just how creamy and
custardy the durian is not juicy or
anything like that just creamy and
custardy again like a really ripe
avocado or something that's incredible
there's so much meat look at it just
flop off here ready ready
wow and look at this last piece we have
here look at all of that the Pod of the
fruit is just huge I can't get over it
I'm so excited right now I'm so excited
we've never had our own full durian no
we've never been able to buy a whole one
because they're usually always way too
expensive so so expensive yeah before
now they've been like what almost 80
dollars Canadian for a full one so I'm
like really ecstatic and stoked and
excited right now this is this is a
great day and the gentleman Who Sold us
this durian he was telling us that this
variety is called Cobb so this is a cub
durian this experience is a must if
you're in Davao City you have to come
and try the durian because it's
everywhere and they don't call the Bow
City the durian capital of the
Philippines we're not
so no sir get some durian it's delicious
I just love how you can smell it
everywhere
[Music]
we're finishing off our day here with a
Davao classic tuna come on
wow
thank you
so we're here with Bing the owner of
dogs to try pure tuna belly so we've got
our piece of pure tuna belly here and
she has a few other orders on the grill
here which is the hang belly the jaw the
jaw and belly and also the jaw itself
but we're here for the pure tuna belly
and this looks like it's gonna be a nice
piece of meat big eye tuna fish the big
eye tuna yes
yes
so our special sold
[Music]
okay
So Soft yes so that we can put the sauce
[Music]
one side and then after that
[Music]
all right we have our tuna Feast here we
have our big piece of the grilled tuna
belly as well as our quinoa now this
one's cool because it hasn't been mixed
up together so we're gonna do that
ourselves look at this tuna belly
so juicy and that is a heavy piece so
it's been cut so that all the nice
marinade and sauce can get inside of it
is a nice piece of skin
on the bottom side there and there's no
bones in this piece of tuna so this is
going to be nice and really easy to eat
look at
that
meat is there
just completely pulls apart wow and it's
grilled perfectly get a nice big piece
of it and look how it just flakes like
that
mmm
oh my goodness the flavor
is perfect not fishy at all and you can
really taste the smokiness from that
Grill it's almost like it's been smoked
then just grilled the Char in it is nice
and the flavor of that marinade is
perfect it goes wonderfully with the
tuna you can taste the garlic in it soy
sauce it's a little bit salty
mess it up very delicious it's lovely
it's grilled so nicely and that marinade
that you put on is very flavorful super
tasty
oh delicious this really is messing up
you can see just how meaty the tuna
belly is
just pure meat in there look at that and
it just flakes right off so easily get a
nice dip in this soy sauce and calamansi
there
mmm sounds quite nice brings out some
different flavors in it actually kind of
dulls down the smokiness a bit but that
calamansi really brings out a different
sourness to it kind of a different
dimension
[Music]
um
the flavor of that Grill the smokiness
hmm
[Music]
it's just so good there's crispy skin on
the other side
mmm
[Music]
that skin is very nice to him
so here we have our appetizer for our
main which is the kenilau tuna Ceviche
fresh raw tunic along with ginger red
onion cucumbers so it's all raw and So
Fresh So what we're going to do is make
our own Kindle out here we have a salted
black bean as well as a coconut vinegar
made from coconut wine so that's going
to be tasty and interesting so what we
want to do is squeeze the calamansi onto
the tuna to cook the tuna so doing so
will turn the tuna white because of the
acidity of the calamansi let's give this
tuna a mix first
see it slightly turning more white to
Pieces because of the calamansi there
let's get our cucumber see the black
beans there
and our
coconut vinegar here so we'll put a
teaspoon on there
one more one more all right one more
we've been told to put one more of the
coconut vinegar I mean you can never
have too much coconut and in this case
coconut vinegar okay let's give this a
big mix up here you can smell the fresh
tuna and that coconut vinegar it has a
bit of a coconutty smell to it so many
ingredients here so many fresh
ingredients nice big pieces of the tuna
there
Ginger cucumber the black bean
oh
raw ginger it's definitely a punch to
the face it is very very gingery because
it's raw ginger but it doesn't overpower
the taste of the coconut vinegar and to
be honest the nice taste of the raw tuna
a lot works really well together the
saltiness from the black bean as well
very gingery but the crunch from the
Cucumber as well just a fresh salad
fresh tuna salad tasting
[Music]
so fresh big eye tuna here
just so flavorful that's it for our
street food tour here in Davao city
thank you so much for watching everyone
if you're interested in checking out any
of the places that we visited today make
sure you check out the description box
below for all the locations if you
enjoyed the video give it a like and
please don't forget to subscribe to our
channel to come on our next Food
adventure with us we're hungry to travel
and we'll see you next meal
