is there a difference dating a foreigner
compared to Filipino they're very
specific
love language is what's the hardest
thing about your job I want a guy now
as long as she is not working hi what's
your name uh my name is how old are you
what do you do are you working are you
studying what do you do
and what's your job and he is a
structure so that's what you speak
English very well it makes sense okay
who are your clients what kind of people
do you teach English to we teach English
that was a Japanese students Russian
students
is it face to face or online we we offer
online and also offline okay got it are
you single are you in a relationship in
a relationship okay and how long have
you been in a relationship
um for almost six months six months okay
that's exciting is he a Filipino or
Foreigner
have you ever dated a foreigner
even online have you talked to anyone no
okay so let's say you're single what's
the oldest guy you think you would date
the oldest guy yeah
exactly
um
40 years old okay what if he's 45 but
he's very handsome um it's okay all
right thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it you're welcome hi what's
your name
hello my name is May how old are you I
24 are you working are you studying
what do you do
it yourself teacher are you single are
you in a relationship
in our relationship or is it complicated
so you're in a relationship is he a
foreigner or
have you guys been together four years
four years wow okay so you guys met when
you were younger did you have any
boyfriends before him
yeah how about foreign guys have you
ever dated a foreigner before oh where
was he from
is from oh I forgot somewhere Europe or
the us or Canada yeah we're in Europe
okay is there a difference dating a
foreigner compared to Filipino
okay tell me tell me some of the
differences oh foreign people is very
busy so they can spend a little time is
it the time changes well the time zones
make a big difference right okay what's
the oldest guy you would date if you're
single right now
30 years
you push it to 35 if you had everything
you're looking for like looks and
everything else yeah maybe okay it's
over 35. awesome thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it thank you so
much hi what's your name I am Mira and
what's your name I'm Wendy and what's
your name hi I'm
kid okay how old are you I'm 19. I'm 18.
how are you also 18. and how do you
girls know each other
um
yeah now what do you want to be when
you're older I want to be a psychiatrist
and you I want to be a dermatologist
okay and yourself I want to be a
clinical psychologist man what kind of
group of girls I found we're intelligent
uh
okay that's why it makes sense are you
girls single yes bacon bacon no take it
no you're taking it as well okay so
single taken taken now if you were
single what's the oldest guy you would
date
probably around 25 okay so I'm out of
the question and what about you I think
I think 23 23 and yourself 19 19. yeah
so you're really specific okay got it
what if it's like 19 and nine months
as long as he's like not over 19
basically okay now what do you like in a
guy what do you like his personality
like are you
if he's kind and he's a gentleman and he
cheats uh women with respect that's very
plus points for me very mature answer I
like that okay now what about yourself
what do you like me personally if we're
going to talk about like a first
impression I'd like a guy who's like
easy going that makes me laugh every
single minute every chance it gets yeah
but in the long run like in a
relationship I would definitely go for a
guy who's very understanding because I'm
the type of girl is like very busy I'm
committed to like a lot of stuff so it I
just got like okay nice and what about
yourself what are you liking it I feel
like they mentioned everything that I
wanted
personally I want a guy now
someone who who is good at communicating
and as a man of his words okay now if
you guys were all single and you can
choose from any country which country
guy do you want him to be from
Philippines Philippines look at yourself
I go for like Chinese
have you girls ever traveled abroad have
you been in other countries yet
I've only been to like Asian countries
okay yeah where have you visited uh
Singapore Hong Kong and soon Japan oh
that's exciting right okay awesome and
what about yourself I did also in
Singapore thank you girls for your time
I appreciate it thank you let's take a
second to thank today's sponsor level 8
suitcases there are three main reasons
why I'm a huge fan of level 8 suitcases
quality style and price I travel often
so I need good quality luggage level 8
suitcases are made with high quality
hard shell material it is light and
strong with an anti-scratch surface that
provides sturdy protection it also has
360 spinner wheels that allows you to
Glide smoothly without a sound it
provides ample room for spacious backing
with its fully lined interior design
that helps you stay neatly organized
lastly it has a TSA approved lock that
comes with Easy instructions to set your
own pin the second reason is style
personally I love the black and yellow
color and Sleek design of the suitcases
and the laptop backpack it shows class
and gives me lots of confidence whether
I travel for leisure business or meeting
that special someone at the airport you
know how it goes if you look good you
feel good therefore you have lots of
confidence I also got the laptop
backpack it looks very compact nice
design with a very strong handle and it
comes with ample padding so your
shoulders don't get hurt I travel with
two laptops cameras and other gear so I
wasn't very sure if it was going to fit
into the backpack but to my surprise it
fit everything and it really was easy on
my shoulders and my back due to this
ergonomic design so the backpack is a
huge favorite of mine lastly is the
price best of all actually you can get
the amazing quality stylish luggage set
at an incredible price to get your very
own level 8 suitcases go to level
8cases.com to see their travel luggage
and accessories now luggage 8 suitcases
also offers organizers and gift cards
which will make it ideal for someone in
your family or your loved ones that
loves to travel for a special price just
for you apply discount code living
abroad 10 at checkout to get 10 off your
order
thank you
now let's get back to our street
interviews hi what's your name hi I'm
Japanese and how old are you I'm 26
years old okay is this your sister
what's your name Rachel how old are you
31. are you in a relationship are you
single what's going on oh I'm single
okay and what about yourself in a
relationship okay how long have you been
in a relationship
it's so weird as wow it's kind of all
indeed whatever that means what does
Santa all mean
s oh it's like oh I want to be in her
situation okay yeah and you're single so
tell me what's the oldest guy you would
date
oh I put you on the spot right I haven't
been
for sure it has some relationship never
in your life okay boyfriend no boyfriend
any girlfriends
no boyfriend no girlfriend okay so what
are you liking a guy if you can find
your perfect man
um
for the personality I I want um
um his love love language is like
affirmation word of affirmation like he
will tell me that he loves me and his
effort inside so constantly like
reassuring you that he is in love with
you and he likes you and all that what
about physically like taller than me or
we have the same height okay
how much money did you have to make yes
a job okay I was going to ask you to
support me yeah how are you going to
support him though you know is it going
to be 50 50 or how are you going to
support your boyfriend what will you do
for him
uh let's see the same right okay
and nothing would you date a guy that is
35 years old yeah uh what about 40. yeah
45.
yeah fine okay fine how about he's 48.
it's not
as long as he's as long as he's
physically capable right yeah okay so
why do you think that is I find a lot of
Filipinos are much more open to like
more longer or bigger age gaps
um for you at least tell me about
yourself what like I mean like for me if
for example you're going to date um
guy older than you it's more you are
there is Assurance like they will not
give you and like
um yes options yes okay like
um dating younger than you like for them
it's easily for them to find another
girl they're easily distracted maybe or
something right they're just not as
mature okay
all right well thank you so much for
your time I appreciate it I sorry to ask
you too many questions because you're in
a relationship right so let's say you
were single right now let's say
something happened God forbids your
relationship what's the oldest guy you
would date
now why do you think that is for you
you're so kind you're so fine with
dating someone much older why do you
think it is maybe they're more
when I was a younger age than me okay
yeah as well what really matters when it
comes to the relationship yeah
um yeah I guess that's it great thank
you so much for your time I appreciate
it thank you hi what's your name hi my
name is
Amy Amy where are you from like which
part of Cebu or the Philippines
North Side how old are you
I'm a current people years old 32. do
you have any kids are you married what's
the relationship trying to have any man
that I'm there for
that
I have one kid okay how old is your kid
uh right now if we need to reprise
13 years old and take it for a bright
and on okay I see and uh tell me what is
the oldest man you would date if it
opens a relationship what's the oldest
guy you would date oh the oldest one
often it will be the same of my father
and how old is your father give me a
number oh
like 52 52 okay and have you ever dated
a foreigner before
I even dated product before for the
United Nations military oh okay
let's see and what happened with that
relationship I guess it didn't work out
relationship between Philippines and all
over the world I know the fact that we
are Hunger of the world and I am Amy
Marcos and this is was me and this is
was you relationship by United Nation
and Republic of the United States of
America and Republican of the
Philippines and this is me by the honor
of the American stress wrap okay so now
tell me what do you do are you working
are you studying what do you do every
day yeah I finished my start at the
University College political science and
law and now I undergo to become a doctor
they're going to be a doctor okay are
you going to specialize anything
specific yeah certain doctor
um specialize
just not for
you're gonna be a surgeon basically okay
so brain surgeon that's very you know
smart you got to be really intelligent I
guess to be a brain surgeon I hope so
that I can be brain surgeon like my
grandparents you know thank you for your
time I appreciate it
thank you very much and this is me thank
you Rachel what's your name my name is
Sheila how old are you 24. and what's
your name my name is Mika and how old
are you I'm 26. hi what's your name my
name is John how old are you I'm 24.
what are you doing are you studying are
you working we're working yeah all
working do you work at the same company
yes okay and what is your job what do
you do call center
um
okay and who are your clients what kind
of people do you answer to Americans
what's the hardest thing about your job
getting an Irish
cursing it together
how do you handle that you know it must
be really deflating here honestly we
just laugh at it and just leave about it
just laugh sleep and let it go okay all
right all right and tell me about
relationships are you single or in a
relationship
single and what about you single
yourself it's all singles okay
have you ever had a boyfriend
yeah but um I am a single mom oh you're
single mom okay I'm sorry you didn't
work out I guess with the father uh
would you ever date a guy from another
country
okay but would you be open to if someone
was interested in you but you lived in
the U.S Canada UK somewhere
foreigners oh wow because somebody must
have broken her heart huh yeah okay so
what's what's the oldest guy you'll date
maybe between 27. okay so just about
three years out around 24 years old it's
not bad pretty cool what about you
what's the oldest guy you gave me just
me I'm not really oh the same age to me
maybe like one or two years older though
you know you gotta have some leeway
not yet okay and what about yourself
what is the oldest guy you would date
um it's just the same age same age as
you now a lot of guys are leaving the
West to come to the Philippines to find
wives or relationships why do you think
Filipinos are so sought after what makes
you guys special
well
okay you were just checking aside from
the uh the obvious
just ignore the dude right all right
well thank you thank you guys for your
time I appreciate it and that was some
woman tell me what's the oldest guy they
would date leave your thoughts down
below let me know how old you are and
what's the oldest person you would date
I'm just curious I mean who are we to
judge as long as they are both adults
and consensual and they have a good
relationship I mean Palm what do you
think
hey it's kind of dark though mom what do
you think what's the oldest guy you did
be honest
um and it is not over my that age that's
fine with woman and father ages how old
is your how is that 60. so you did a six
year old man less than less than I
thought I was special man come on no I'm
just kidding yeah for me also I prefer
today someone younger but I'm open to
about maybe five years maximum if
they're older than me and we're
compatible yeah so leave your thoughts
down below let me know what you guys
think of this video and what's the
oldest person you would date and if
you're new to the channel subscribe to
the channel share this video with
someone that might find it entertaining
I like the video and if you want check
out channel memberships details are in
the description down below where you get
a lot more exclusive content like we
have date nights or bloopers or whatever
I know Palms doing all his dances we'll
see you guys in the next one bye
I don't know I know that thank you
