and what's up everyone stands here back
with another video and today I'm gonna
be checking out SB 19 singing Tila Lua
live at the Vista mall so stay tuned
alright another day another SB 19 video
to react into if you haven't seen my
other SB 19 reaction videos I'll drop
the links down below or here so you can
have a look and check it out I know a
lot of you have been asking me to watch
and react to more SB 19 videos so here I
am now before I continue on if you're
new here make sure you hit the subscribe
button and turn on notifications so that
you get notified at any time I uploaded
a new video all right now that's out of
the way let's get started that's a lot
of screaming fans in there I know
they're very famous in the Philippines
and in some way all over the world now
I couldn't really hear him singing
properly because a there's a lot of
screaming girls out there so loud which
is fine and also the second thing is I'm
not sure what did the sound system has
been configured correctly because
there's a lot of what do you say that
one the put it called down River River
river there there's a lot of reverb
reverb river anyway soul of echo
happening in that sound Stadium so
hopefully they'll get fixed later on who
knows but yeah let's continue on
okay I think the sound person probably
finally realized there's something wrong
with the audio so I think I could hear
the reverb or the echo going down but
just quick note
they're definitely singing in here it's
not like lip singing or anything you
know sometimes when a lot of performance
happens you think it's live but it's not
but this I could definitely see they're
actually singing live in here but yeah
let's continue on hopefully the sound
gets better
their voice is really nice in there
finally obviously the ER sounds the
sound is a little bit of sound system
the sound coming out and that's there is
a little bit better hopefully gets fixed
a little bit little bit just a tiny bit
more but so far so good
yeah didn't got a little bit of
goosebumps in there and yeah fine
remember did members say I need to start
remembering their names in there but one
of their one of their one yeah one of
the guy who sings really high for
Saturday is yeah really good I like his
voice
okay that's a lot of fans in there look
at so many people in there how far can
they go go and watch them live that's
that's crazy some big you know Esme 19
is gonna go a long way with this they've
got so many fans and this is just in the
Philippines so I know they got
international fans but I just don't know
how many so comment down below if you're
not from the Philippines and you're a
big fan of SB 19 let me know down the
comments below okay
really belting it out in there's you
know sadly the sound system isn't that
great but the effort is there I could
definitely hear their voice how they're
really trying to reach the high notes in
there plus the crowd loves them right
you know it's not like it's a dance song
that you could see them dance all the
way this is a love ballad song and they
really focus on their vocals in here
look personally I think they're nailing
it there this performance is really good
I was getting distracted with the crowd
and the cheering and you know all
everyone in there it's crazy oh it's
good it's good for ESPE 90 it's good for
the Philippines you know overall the
performance of SB 19 in here is great
tiny tiny complaint is just the
recording of this video
nope that's that's one and also the
sound system how it's recorded or how
it's presented in there again there's a
lot of echo reverb in their performance
is really good already know this song I
listen to this song before I've heard of
it in the music video but this is the
first time may hear end up seeing this
or performing performing this or live so
there you go if you know of any live
performances special performance from sb
819 that I need to check out let me know
down comments below okay alright well
that's about it for me today thank you
so much for dropping by and hanging out
with me if you enjoyed this video
remember to give it a like I really
appreciate it and subscribe to my
channel for more videos
alright that's it I'll see you in the
next one bye
