so it's very very dangerous there was a
very terrible accident it's so creepy
and screams of pain liable for our
injury or death so it's interesting to
keep hearing that number hi guys thank
you for tuning into Amy's Crypt I am in
the Philippines here to check out the
Manila Film Center which is right behind
me now this place has some very gruesome
legends attached to it as well as a lot
of ghost stories and is thought to be
one of the most haunted places in the
country
alright guys it's gotten a
little bit darker and I'm standing in
front of the Manila Film Center now I'm
gonna give you a rundown of its history
and ghost stories because these stories
are very gruesome they're a little bit
scary as well so figure this is a good
place to do that
so the Manila Film Center was built by
an extremely wealthy woman at the time
named Imelda Marcos and she had this
place built to rival some of the biggest
film festivals going around the globe
this place cost twenty five million
dollars to be built which is an extreme
amount of money at the time and it was
also paired with an extremely tight
deadline for completion of January of
1982
Imelda had 4,000 workers employed
around-the-clock to constantly work on
this place to meet that ridiculous
deadline even as that deadline was so
tight it said that there were a lot of
corners cut in the construction of this
place on November 17 at 3:00 a.m. there
was a very terrible accident some
scaffolding fell which saw a hundred and
sixty eight workers fall to their death
and become stuck in wet cement now
supposedly when Imelda heard this news
instead of trying to look out for the
welfare of the people who died or may
have been injured she instantly thought
of her tight deadlines and she put the
order forward to have those who were
killed or still half alive be buried
under an extra layer of cement so that
construction could go forward
the deadline could be met additionally
which made this incident a lot worse she
also banned anyone from entering the
premises for the first nine hours
following this incident so there was no
ambulance workers no medical workers or
anyone to rescue anyone that had been
injured in this terrible accident
another woman named as Betty betina's
who was actually overseeing the
construction of this place was the
person who received the order from a
milder to have everyone entombed within
the construction of the film center so
she passed that order Ford
she is said to have died very shortly
after that incident and is still thought
to haunt this place today alongside the
168 other people who were encased within
the concrete of the film Center one of
the common reports of paranormal
activity to come out of the film center
its people hearing disembodied moans
groans and screams of pain and a lot of
people believe that that is the people
who were killed during its construction
additionally there is areas where the
temperature will drop really suddenly
and there has been a lot of operation
sightings here some of which described
as being half a torso poking out of the
ground as if they're stuck in wet cement
another ghost story from this area is
that some taxi drivers have claimed to
pick up a woman from the front of the
film center who has torn and bloodied
clothing and asked to be taken to the
hospital so of course they go to help
this woman but she just disappears in
the back seat very shortly after
although this is one of the most told
and best-known ghost stories going
around Manila and the Philippines some
people out there believe it has been
sensationalized and I was able to find a
little bit of info online that supported
this so I read one article that said
that there were only seven deaths there
it is true there was an accident seven
deaths which is still terrible but not
the same level as a hundred and
sixty-eight people dying it also said
that all of those bodies were removed
from the film center and given the
proper burials so what do you guys think
do you believe that there's any truth
behind this legend has it been
sensationalized is this place actually
haunted tonight we're gonna hang around
I can't actually get access inside the
building unfortunately but we're still
gonna try a spirit box out here and see
if there are any ghosts around that may
want to communicate and set their story
straight okay so we've come around the
side of the film center we went up with
top earlier and we've got some painting
of the outside aspect of security and
they wouldn't let me inside because
supposedly if it's very dangerous they
do have caution signs post around
because it's large bits of concrete and
stones that are falling off of the
structure now since it's been abandoned
so it's very very dangerous can't get
inside but we've just down this bottom
entry here
I mean I want to try spirit books
tonight and maybe this is the best area
to do so I don't think of solo it down
and closer to the center we can get the
closer we would be to anyone may be
entombed inside if the stories and
legends are true you know so maybe I
mean it smells like wait here really bad
like actually okay all right you know
we're just gonna do anything else yeah
there are security around say I mean I'm
like it oscillate just fine I have done
a few translations for tonight mascara
books of Filipino but since being here
I've learned that English and Filipino
are the two most commonly spoken
languages here in the Philippines
something like 75 percent of people who
speak English so I actually don't feel
bad
reaching out here in English so I might
just conductions cool exception here in
English see how we go this is a spirit
box I see America
hello my name is Amy is there anyone
around that wants to talk
can you come by since I know I
would you tell me your name could you
please tell me how many people died here
it is interesting to note that I cannot
hear the word seven spoken at all during
this playback but keep watching as
something very compelling is about to
come through the spirit box
if there is for them spirit food they
could you please tell me one of your
names my name is IDs do you speak
English or Filipino
and you tell me what the year is
thank you I definitely heard seven once
very clearly but possibly a few times so
that's interesting because I mean most
of this you know
stories that have circulated says 168
people died here whereas the one story I
found that saying that was completely
false said it was only seven people so
it's interesting to keep hearing that
number we might try and a spare box in
another area and see if we can maybe get
some of the same result since you've
been here seven again maybe that it's a
really relevant number I'm not sure but
it was kind of cool I really wish that
we could get inside I can't do that for
every location so we're just walking
around the exterior of the film Center
rebounds amazing sign that says amazing
show an amazing show was a I believe it
was a drag performance that used to run
here back in the day after you know the
place fell into disrepair and whatnot
but it's kind of cool that this is still
here and it's still illuminates on the
front of the center as well this place
is in pretty bad shape they I spoke on
the door the warning and whatnot earlier
and you can see the floor I mean it's
full of cracks and there's a big hole
over here we also have a lot of surface
cracks in the actual
down here so this place is in pretty bad
shape but the area around it is being
built up there's just behind me the
noise that you guys can maybe hear is a
construction site it looks like they're
making a high-rise of some sort we have
a fancy hotel over here as well as a
little shopping complex with a lot of
restaurants and whatnot so I'm not sure
what the future holds for this place but
it did seem that they were working on it
today when we got here
so wonder when their last event would
immediately seems like it caught up in
that little bit
Kanzi anything through the windows there
were painted black
here's one of these big sons
or should I keep clear falling rocks and
they're not liable for our injury or
death I'm pretty sure it wasn't good but
yeah I can hear backs okay guys we moved
around the other side of the Manila Film
Center we're sitting on the stairs at
the front of it this is actually one of
the quietest sights I think they're
soaring some wood over here that's a bit
of traffic but hopefully we can cut
through that noise the spirit box
we did have some what sounded like some
interesting responses before on the
other side Jared and I both before just
that we heard the number seven though
you always need to play those things
back and just double check gotta see if
we can get any similar responses on this
side maybe that the voices sound similar
too I mean even if we do get a voice it
doesn't mean it's paranormal but I mean
we want to try this experiment anyway we
got a suspicious-looking teenagers
hanging around us so we're gonna go
ahead with the spirit of the spot they
just started we don't get in time
hi my name is Amy is there anyone here
that can come and talk to me
unlike the first spirit box session this
one did not yield a single response
which can often be the case when
investigating the paranormal still I'm
left to ponder the response calling out
the number seven we received earlier and
whoever it has any true relevance to
this site what do you think please share
your thoughts with me in the comments
below so we try to differentiate prate
then I usually use just them to mix
things up and see if we could still get
it well it's a responses free we didn't
I didn't really hear anything could come
through there's also a bit of noise and
like a group of people that are kind of
watching us getting a bit closer to us
say I think it might always be time to
bounce it's so creepy
being here knowing of the legends and
stories about this place
just looking on this concrete floor
if all those stories are true and there
were people just cemented over in here
just to meet a deadline it's terrible
really I kind of hope that the legend
isn't true to be honest but there are
many so many ghost stories about this
place I did want to come in and check it
out
it's what's a very strange and eerie
building I don't think it's it's a
little bit ugly in my opinion and
because it's been abandoned for
sometimes
just doesn't
have that grand feeling that this place
should have had
I also used to I can send him out a long
time so it's kind of cool to like come
here and I really really wants to see
inside
unfortunately just a little too
dangerous this one this has been kind of
an interesting place to explore the
history and ghost stories up and I kind
of like that we were able to do it with
spirit box I think that we got a
response through but I'm going to need
to look at the footage oh there you guys
did enjoy this video though thank you
for watching it if you did like it make
sure to give it a thumbs up comment
share subscribe that I can keep taking
into these creepy places all around the
world you want to do any more reading on
the haunted locations I have visited head
to amyscrypt.com you can also find me
on Facebook Twitter Instagram @amyscrypt
until next time
