all right sandy what the heck is gonna
happen on this episode of trying
something new well recently we spent 30
days in the Philippines traveled all
over and we want to share with you the
top places that you should visit in the
Philippines
thirty days may seem like a long time to
spend in a place but take into
consideration that the Philippines has
over 7,000 islands that's a lot of
islands yeah we had so much fun that we
will be going back to explore as much as
we possibly can and the people were so
amazing and so warm and welcoming that
we are just drawn back to that place no
matter what so is this like a top ten
list or what are we doing here so you
know what we decided we're not gonna do
it in any particular order because
they're all so amazing that I can't
really rate them and everyone has their
own likes and what they're into so we're
gonna start with El Nido it was the
first place that we visited and it was
sort of our insurer to the Philippines
super cute island
I love the rustic nosov it hasn't been
it's completely developed yet so it was
a really fun vibe what do you think I
love the fact that everywhere you go
they say there's no Wi-Fi on the island
so it's time to connect but there is
Wi-Fi but there's no I don't pre-plan if
you need to upload videos or if you're
doing thing online or work remotely cuz
you're a vlogger you might want to get
your own little hotspot or we need to
work because yeah it don't depend on the
Wi-Fi there so there's two spots that we
kind of found in El Nido there's the
downtown bustling hub area and then
there's kind of uptown I guess I would
go and I don't know if that's the
official term or not but we like to stay
out of the craziness because it gives
you a little bit of breathing room and
you can walk outside and just kind of be
instead of just walking outside and
being right in the middle the craziness
so we stayed up down to this little
place called no bees no bees really cute
great little spot so when we got down
nito we couldn't necessarily go on any
of the tours which is one of the main
reasons that you go to el nido because
there was a huge storm out in the ocean
and the waves were pretty crazy so the
Coast Guard stepped in and shut down the
tours for Edward a squatter related
related was shut down for like five days
so you got to get creative we went to a
knife on me it's not fun Beach which is
where Jimmy crashed the drone so we went
to knocked on beach sandy told me not to
crash the drone not to fly the drone
when I flew the drone crashing the drone
and if you want you can check out the
what side is it gonna be
so after nog Pond Beach which was really
cool could definitely go back to it was
really beautiful it was a little crazy
with the wind so the water was rough but
it was a beautiful beach very beautiful
so on our last day in El Nido the water
was open and we were other boat tours
were on so needless to say every single
boat was out there there goes the
rooster every single boat was on the
water and that's where we recommend
getting a private boat or because if
you're on a regular tour with other
people and whatnot you kind of have to
go in order to the where they're gonna
take you and with the way it went that
day it was packed every single location
so imagine everybody nonito wanted to go
on a boat tour that had been there for
four or five days so they're all going
the first day that it opens up so there
was hundreds and hundreds and hundreds
and hundreds of people on the boat tour
and then we got out there in the water
start getting a little choppy too so we
definitely understood why the Coast
Guard shut it down because yeah it was a
little sketchy for me but anyway there
was truly amazing El Nido definitely a
must-see spot and the Philippines and do
a private boat or if you if there's a
bunch of you do a private tour because
that way you can stay as long as you
want in certain destinations like it's
the cute like our kids if they're having
fun I don't want to say all right it's
time to go and you're like you're 45
kids next spot yeah I like being in
control of our own tour so it's a little
more expensive and lunch is typically
not included so think about that but I
recommend private boat sir so it was
time to leave El Nido so we had to hit
up the next spot what was the next spot
that we went to in the Philippines the
next spot was her own grows pretty cool
I really liked her there was a very
there's a lot of stuff to do there it
seems like a lot of adventure stuff I
mean not there's stuff to do in the city
but there's more adventure stuff if you
actually dig in and try to go out of the
city and do some cool stuff and we did a
boat tour there where we got a prize
above again the boats were there was
amazing it was really cool where do we
see kangin lake barracuda lake twin
lagoons so it was
goosebumps just thinking about that
water it was super fun and then we did
an island tour which we have videos on
that as well the island tour we went to
Mount Tapia's which is where your client
have any stairs was it seven hundred and
something seven hundred stairs the video
to that right let's put it here so it
was really fun the kids really liked it
when you get to the top it's just a
gorgeous view it was beautiful
definitely recommend doing that after
that we went to the hot spring what do
you think great way to end the day I
recommend the hot springs at night
because it's pretty warm if the
temperature outside is pretty warm at
night it cools down a little bit and so
the hot springs feels really nice and so
after a long day of touring and hiking
and exploring and eating I mean what a
better way that was like eight o'clock
at night we went to the hot springs we
settled in there just oh god it was
amazing besides the 30-minute ride back
to the hotel which happened we did in a
tricycle and it was it was pretty funny
there was a cool waterfall we went to
there to the waterfall concepci√≥n Falls
that's pretty fun so there's a lot of
waterfalls so if you're thinking I think
in my head I was like oh
waterfall we got there and it was like a
little bigger but I was like so clone
was amazing yes and there's a lot of
stuff to do in Corona yeah they're
really cute town we actually got met a
guy named Eric that picked us up at the
dock the first day you know they all
kind of wait on the dock yeah to see if
you need a ride
Eric was it me and this guy ended up
saying hey tomorrow if you need a ride
hit me up on whatsapp so he hit him up
and then the next days I hate Amaro if
you need alright so we ended up creating
a great relationship with Eric and then
Eric said hey my buddy owns a fishing
boat if you want we could take the
fishing boat out for the day and then
you guys could have your own private
tour and take as long as you want blah
blah blah and man what a great time that
was I really recommend
if you can hook up with a local one of
the drivers and get a relationship with
them going because they can give you all
the inside information that normally you
can't you know you don't want to go to
the hotel concierge for that kind of a
little tourist traffic things ya know
because the local people can get you a
better deal they have more like you can
maybe do more off the beaten path stuff
even took us to the market or the market
we went to so the public market the
public market is something to see
definitely anytime you get in any local
public markets we definitely recommend
it because that's where you see how it
really goes down the meat on the table
at cleavers chopping heads off and like
fresh veggies that we like but it's
interesting to see all the dead animals
I'm kind of like whoa but if you are a
meat-eater when you go to those markets
you might and then we saw a pig coming
in right as we're going out and the kids
are like what's that I'm like that's
your bacon kid so after we spent a week
or so and korone we decided to fly over
to cebu cebu is big city and that's
where we actually guilin yeah big island
that's actually we were bought the drone
because there was unless we went back to
Manila which we don't want to do there
was a drone shop in Cebu called KC's
cameras we did a bunch of research ahead
of time called in to make sure they had
the drone went there and spent over his
drone shot just have to jump another
thousand dollars just don't crash it
that was a good idea crashing all right
so from Cebu we kind of used that as a
launching pad to go to a couple of
different places right this is Dan buck
useful it's a damn bug on the lens
alright so we flew into Cebu City and
from there we spent the night there we
took a bus ride over to mobile which was
a really cute house the bus ride was a
lot of the bus rides in the Philippines
are a hell another thing I recommend is
I would just get a private car no matter
where we go a bus driver bus rides I
don't know let's just say 15 bucks with
a family of private cars 40 bucks for
the family maybe a little more but in my
eyes it is totally
and and we got a couple videos for that
too yeah where do you want to put them
okay that was the survived the typhoon
let's put it there survived the typhoon
there was a typhoon when we got into
Cebu City during the bus ride going to
mobile watch the video our bus driver
was crazy that's all I'm gonna say all
right so mobile was super mobile you
know and I really fell in love with
mobile there's a little fisherman town
one of the highlights that you hear
about before you go there is the sardine
run so every day we're staying about a
block away from the beach we would go
out to the beach every morning and you
swim out about 30 40 feet and there's
millions and millions of millions of
sardines yeah I love that those kind of
little things that you can do where it's
not like a boat tour or this or that
it's just you can go in from the shore
and just to enjoy millions of sardines
the kids got a kick out of it it was
super fun glistening on the sardines so
one thing that we wanted to do while we
were in Mobile has experienced some
local traditions and as we entered
mobile there was a cock fighting
tournament or cockfighting
arena coming into the town so we
definitely put that on our list and we
wouldn't checked out the cockfight which
was interesting overwhelming and yeah it
was just something I'll dig a bug on
their heads no which was interesting
exciting and just something to behold so
if you're there I would definitely
recommend checking out the cockfighting
so something that we like to do is it
may be controversial it may be not
acceptable like in the US where we're
coming from but it's something that they
do and so it's kind of like it happens
it exists we're not condoning it but it
was like let's go check it out and just
see like think about in Hindu countries
they worship the cow in America we eat
70 billion cheeseburgers a day that's
the same thing they might come to our
country and go oh my god how do you guys
eat cows shame on you so you know it's
everybody's got their own things so and
we have a video on the cockfight - well
you
it was kind of let's put it right here
they're talking fighting video check it
out I will not leave me alone I might
learn a lesson or two so yeah and people
comment it oh I'm not gonna follow you
anymore you went to a cockfight hey
that's your choice we're just
experiencing what the culture has over
there for about 15 minutes I saw what it
was about and we were out so anyways
what spot what's something else we did
our mobile I was signed fall that was
it's not in mobile but we took a car
from there to cows on Falls now that I
swear it was a highlight for sure of all
of our Philippines adventures we made a
video that one too didn't we have a
video that we should put it up here all
right right there okay kawasan falls
epic fun adventure something I want to
tell you about Kawasaki Falls is I we
did not know that there was three levels
to it we just saw all the pictures that
everybody puts up the beautiful Gatorade
new water and the waterfalls so when we
got there I saw it and I thought oh it's
beautiful
had no idea that there's two more levels
which have rope swings multiple rope
swings a natural waterslide natural-rock
waterslide so it was amazing it is a
little treacherous getting up there just
half the fun though but the little
bamboo bridges that they make to get
across the rocks three peas a bad bit
alike though you know some of them were
like seven wide okay whatever you cross
them and then all of a sudden like
they're getting more narrow and more
narrow and more and then they're like -
why don't you like holy crap like my
kids are trying to go over this the
waterfalls underneath them it was a but
it's fun it's amazing we love that kind
of stuff definitely check out kawasan
falls so when you're done with mobile
head down to Oslo
that is where the whale shark tour is
one of the highlights of our trip to the
Philippines
besides the tarsier monkeys was
definitely the whale sharks so that's
another controversial thing because they
do feed them but for all-suite with the
kids we figured we love for them to see
nature and they probably won't be able
to see them in the natural innate you
know just out in the ocean so we figured
we do that and let
make a choice if they thought it was a
good idea because they feed them we fed
them so it's all around breathing - so
it's all about our learning for our kids
and they get to make their own choices
if it's right and wrong so we asked them
and we decided to do it and then
afterwards they were like yeah they
don't agree with feeding them because
they don't want them to be dependent on
people feeding it but they came to that
conclusion on their own right and in the
future maybe they'll become
conservationists and make a difference
in the world
yeah but besides that part of it it was
amazing epic magical he recommend it I
recommend and I'm gonna be politically
incorrect here and say it's amazing
being in the presence of a whale shark
in front of you mind blowing so we
actually spent maybe too much time in
Oslo
so we spent two days I say ah slub is
good in and out if you're gonna go there
there's really not much to do kind of
7-eleven is the highlight of the town
there was that little island out in the
middle of night oh so the Similan
Islands similan island island we took a
boat - which is right across you can see
it right with a realtor and the reason
why we went over there cuz we're sitting
around for an extra day going what the
heck are we gonna do today well yeah
there's an island out there let's go
check that out we go there anybody give
us a boat ride out there so oh we took a
boat ride out there and it was a really
cool little day trip that was fun if you
want to stay on that island there was a
hotel there that you have to stay at so
if you don't stay in the hotel then you
can't explore their whole island you
just do a little family
let's go but the sandbar was super cold
now to leave aa slob and go over to the
whole boho we had to take a ferry across
the open ocean for three hours it wasn't
your ferry I was like a fisherman's boat
so the only option is take a longtail
boat across the ocean for three hours or
backtrack for like ten hours and taking
all these land routes and then take a
ferry over so we opted for a little bit
more adventurous route we read a lot of
bad reviews online we had a great
experience
if the water is rough it's a bad ride if
the waters come so bad it's just the
easy quick route to get there
nice so we did and it was fine we're
done good a couple of splashes here and
there but it was great yeah so bowl is
another place on our list what do we get
to see in Bohol guitars your monkey haha
chocolate hills we stayed on panglao
island which is a made-up bridge across
from Bohol that's cool it was little day
trips there we have alona beach
I was really which was really pretty
it's kind of like a little stretch of
restaurants and little kind of an area
out of most of the places that we went I
would say that area felt the most
developed and ready for tourism so to
speak which had some vegetarian
restaurants yes we're vegetarian
depending on what you're looking for
yes definitely had the amenities that
may be Westerners so thanks to touch on
tours your monkeys oh my God he's a
little tiny little monkey so there's two
places you can see them there's only two
two sanctuaries yes and the when you go
there to see them do not scream do not
because they are nocturnal creatures and
they do not like loud noises do they say
they will commit suicide if they get
startled or I don't even know what your
signs all over please be quiet please be
quiet cuz you're going obviously during
the day to see them and let me tell you
they are amazing they are probably about
this big and it's hard to spot them
because there's trees and they're
wrapped around the tree so they almost
look just like a little ball like a
little bees nest or something on the
tree but when you get close you see
their big eyes their little mouth
there's Knuckles oh my god it's amazing
they are adorable so what's another spot
to definitely check out on me another
spot is chocolate hills chocolate hills
is actually really cool that's cool
there's no chocolate in the hills but
it's definitely they say look I Hershey
Kisses I think I'm gonna do a little
research to see what it is we'll put
actually put it in the video where do
you want to put that video from let's
put it there
so we know there's so many islands to
explore in the Philippines so if you
have any suggestions and can add to this
list we would love to hear it because
when we go back we want to hit up as
many places as we can
so when we go back to the Philippines
here's a list of places that we are
definitely going to check out bantayan
island which is north of Cebu and known
for its blue water and white sandy
beaches dumaguete is definitely a
must-see it is called the Maldives of
the Philippines with its epic sandbar a
Poe Island is one of the top diving and
snorkeling spots in the Philippines and
you are guaranteed to see some sea
turtles Boracay Island is one of the
most well known spots in the Philippines
and we cannot wait to see its pristine
beaches since it has been reopened
shark au is the surfing capital of the
Philippines and an adventure is paradise
with its white sandy beaches and magical
waterfalls so that wraps up our list of
some of the top things to see and do in
the Philippines there's so many more
things that we need to see and do so
many more people that we need to meet
and so much more adventure to be had in
the Philippines and there's a motto that
says that is more fun in the Philippines
and I can pretty much say that it was
pretty fun in the Philippines thank you
so much for watching all of our videos
if you want to see some more Philippines
videos we've got a whole list of I don't
even know how many Philippines videos
and we'll be putting out a few more
coming up here in the next couple weeks
so whatever you do get out there and try
something new
subscribe like notifications bells all
that great stuff Instagram Facebook we
love you guys have a great day thanks
for watching our videos it means the
world to us and the next one
