all this I'm gonna get in the truck yeah
good morning guys
we finally arrived from the bus last
night at my parents house quite late
maybe around 11 o'clock so tired we just
once now we are on our way to the market
Jeanette she's like our tour guide for
this area she takes us around everywhere
if we have a problem
she solves it so they really don't have
like taxi anywhere else they have just
like this
maybe the GPS of the dogs and dogs need
to get around we have to get an HDMI
cable we're going to buy it here this
place you actually have to get a number
in order to get there it's actually more
orderly than some other countries that
make this is what we need an HDMI cable
I'm going to connect this to that PC and
it's going to be awesome
and now the moment of truth Oh his work
this is super cool I love having a big
screen now we are on our way to the
market everything
I guess they like it's one thing I'm
kind of worried about is how we're going
to be able to get all of the vids into
the sizable there wasn't any room
[Music]
I don't know if this is safe this is not
recommended I don't recommend it at all
[Music]
it's so high you see how light times I
am all right I got into this did it it
works now begins you laundry a lot
easier to do it much a pain to fill that
bucket up in Vegas here back in Farsi
but now we've got a solution
I'm really sorry I need to get back
inside now we are on our way to the
market
[Music]
that's one way to get your product up to
the second floor pretty cool I like that
version yoga max we've got a little
problem we've run out of beach but we
need to get the other side so I'm going
to need to run when the waves are out
and hopefully I don't get to it
[Music]
[Applause]
it's a darkness I'm 80 he can I hit it
no you check out this like abandoned
place right behind me it's pretty cool
we actually just sat down like to be by
ourselves and then like these guys it's
at right behind Michael and the reason
why we're sitting by ourselves is sort
of don't get bothered and they just sit
like right behind us some people don't
understand that finishes up our little
excursion to the supermarket if you
liked this vlog hit that like button if
you have a question or comment obviously
leave a comment in the comment section
below and if you want to subscribe like
always subscribed talk to guys tune
