Hello my name is Glaire Cartago and I'm an
international student here in Vancouver
BC Canada. Before I start, please don't
forget to subscribe to my channel for
more videos about being a student here
in Canada. I vlog mostly about my
experience here in Canada like my
difficulties, my happy moments, my crazy
moments, my sad moments. Everything about being here
I vlog them. I do also share some
informational videos to aspiring
students here in Canada. For this video
I'm gonna be sharing to you how I apply for
my US visa as the student here in Canada
so if you're watching this video you're
probably a student somewhere in
Canada and you're probably wondering is
it possible? Is it hard? What are the
requirements and how long it's gonna
take everything like that. What are the steps and so all of those things I will be
sharing those to you but yeah without
further ado let's begin the first thing
that I'm gonna be talking about is the
requirements so it's pretty easy so just
like other things there are main
requirements and they're optional
requirements. I'm gonna start with the
main requirements so there are four
things that I'm gonna list down the
first one is the current passport that
you have with the validity of at least
six months of your stay in US and for
the second one is the form ds-160 this
is the form that you fill out online it
is an online application so you have to
go through the website then I'm gonna go
include in this screen and also on the
description box below and then later on
I'm gonna show you how to do it step by
step for the third one is a digital
photo and a printed copy photo so the
digital photo is going to be used on the
form ds-160 so you're gonna have to
upload a digital photo of yourself
however there is a specific photo
requirement like the guidelines on like
what's the background what's the size
and all that kind of stuff and which I
will be including the link in this
screen right now and also on the
description box below but don't worry
because I will be discussing that on the
next step and then for the printed photo
you can actually go to a photo studio
and then have them make your photo and
just tell them that you need it for the
US visa
and then they would know what to do.
Here
in Canada you can actually try to go to
London drugs if you have that one to
make things easier for you just Google
something like photo US photo studio
or something like that and the fourth
one is the copy of proof of what so the
fourth one is the copy of proof of your
legal status here in Canada so in our
case or in my case as a student I have
my student permit so that's what you're
gonna be bringing in your interview so
those are the four major requirements
that you guys need and for the other
optional documents I'm not totally
saying that this is not needed but
sometimes they do actually ask for it so
it's better to be prepared than be sorry
right they might ask for this thing so
the first one is the bank statement so
I'm not exactly sure how much you need
but as long as maybe for example you're
planning to stay in the US for like two
days
probably you have to make sure that you
have enough money that would cover your
expenses for those days right because I
have friends that have gone through the
same process like they have applied for
the US visa and none of them was
actually asked for a proof of funds or
like a bank statement so I don't think
it really happens very often but I don't
think it's impossible either so yeah
just to make sure I I did bring my proof
of funds just in case it's gonna be
asked next one is since you're a student
you might be asked of a proof of
enrollment so for example you're
currently enrolled in the fall term so
you might want to have that proof of
enrollment on your fall term the third
optional documents that might be asked
of you is your previous passport or your
old passport that has your recent US
visa so so this requirement was actually
in the email that I received from the
consulate this is only optional I guess
just to see if you've actually been to
the United States but if you don't have
your old passport with you if it's back
in your home country I think that it's
totally fine because in my case I
actually have my recent
US visa in my old passport which is not
actually with me right now it is back in
the Philippines yeah that's fine it's
not a requirement requirement but if you
have it with you then might as well
let's bring it those are pretty much the
basic requirements it's not that hard, right?
For the next thing that I'm gonna be
talking about is the step by step guide
on how to actually apply for a US visa
so first go to the website that I
provided you you can follow the link in
the description box below so as you can
see these are some types of visitor
visas that they have the b1 visa which
is mainly for business trips we also
have the b2 visa which is for the
tourism purposes and which is what I
applied for if you want to know the
appointment time just enter your city
for example right now in Vancouver the
waiting time is 22 days and then let's
try for Toronto so for Toronto it's 72
calendar days so basically everything
that you need to know in applying for US
visa is in this site as you can see they
have mentioned about the ds-160 form one
of the requirements that I have
mentioned earlier they also have here
the photo which you will be uploading
while completing the online form ds-160
so the photo format is also available
just follow the link and you'll be able
to see all the deadlines so now let's
head over and start the online
application form ds-160 again just
follow the link and you should be
directed to the site so to get started
select the location where you will be
applying your visa after choosing your
desired location enter the code that you
see from the CAPTCHA
after that we can finally start an
application if a CAPTCHA prompts again
just do another one so this is the first
step in your form ds-160 first thing you
want to do is take note of your
application ID number this is important if
you suddenly got logged out in the
middle of your application or you want
to come back to it in a later time they
will also ask for you a security
question to answer as it helps verify
account
in case you need to retrieve your
application later on our for security
purposes when you're done just hit
continue if you forgot to take note of
your application ID it should be at the
upper right page of the application this
is where you will be providing
all of the information asked of you when
you're done you will be given a
confirmation code that will look like
this so after you have completed your
ds-160 form head over to this website
where you will be paying for visa and
scheduling for the visa interview this
link is on the description box below so
click the non-immigrant visa applicant
under the temporary visa it will ask you
the location that you will be applying
and your chosen language so here is
Canada and click the language desire now
since you have finished your ds-160 form
just click the first option apply now
select the option that applies for you
but for mostly of US students I would
think that the option I am a non
Canadian citizen residing in Canada who
has completed the u.s. non-immigrant
visa application or ds-160 form and want
to apply for a visa would mostly apply
for us and then after that sign up for an
account and hit create an account when
you're done by then you should have
received an activation email from them
open your email and follow the link to
confirm your account after confirming
you will be asked to provide some basic
information including your passport
information and your ds-160 barcode
number which will be found on the
confirmation page of your form from here
on you will have to pay your visa fees
and schedule your appointment so that's
just about it hope you guys find this
instructions very helpful okay so now
that's done you are finally ready to
just wait for your scheduled appointment
and actually go there so now I'm going
to be sharing some tips some guidance or
just some pointers for you guys so when
scheduling an appointment it's better to
choose an early time so in my case I
chose 8:30 appointment and I think the
earliest in Vancouver is 8 o'clock
appointment I think so yeah and then
when it came from my 8:30 appointment
they were still the group from 8 o'clock
appointment just imagine if you have an
11:30 appointment I would think that
there would still be people from the 9
o'clock appointment to 10:30 appointment
you would really be waiting for a really
long time to be able to finish your
interview right so I think the earlier
the better but if you can't make it to
an early appointment I don't think it's
gonna be that bad but yeah the earlier
the better about my interview questions
they're pretty basic I wasn't grilled or
anything like that so I got a male
officer and then there wasn't much
questioning that happened but from what
I remember he asked me about what am I
gonna do in the US when do I plan to go
to the US is there gonna be a friend
that I would be visiting and yeah so
those three basic questions so I just
answered him honestly about the things
that are truthful obviously so so I just
answered him about how I don't really
have any plans on visiting the United
States anytime soon it's just that I
really wanted to have a US visa ready
because anytime that I decide to visit
the u.s. I would like to be able to
visit anytime
and then very understanding about that. I also opened up about how I have been to
the United States before as a j1 visitor
and I told him about where I worked
before
how long was I there things like that
those are like the pretty basic question
he didn't really ask me for anything
except for my documents my ds-160
confirmation page my student permit and
my passport and those are basically the
three things that was asked of me and of
course the picture the interview took
about like five minutes or less and
suddenly he just handed me a green paper
and then he started to smile and told me
that so congratulations you get visa got approved and
you would be receiving your visa bla bla
I started to smile as wel. I was like
thank you so much, officer. And after
interview you're done I think the
checking of the documents and the
interview combined they just took me
like 15 minutes maximum and then the
whole waiting game was like 45 to an
hour
so overall the experience was not that
frightening there's no really reason for
you to get scared of anything
or anything for any reason if there's
really nothing that you did wrong just
make sure that you have everything ready
from the major documents that I have
told you to the optional documents that
I have shared to you and then that's it
and that will be all for this video
if you have questions that has not been
answered in this video I will be making
another video like the FAQ or like the
frequently asked questions about the
u.s. visa if you have any more questions
that you want to be answered so I will
be answering questions such as like if I
don't have a contact in the US what
should I do
when is the right time to apply for u.s.
visa as an international student stuff
like that this is actually something
that I asked for you guys on my
Instagram the other day about the things
that you want to be answered about u.s.
visa application in u.s. visa so if you
have any more question that was not
answered in this video just head over to
my next video and see you guys in there
please don't forget to subscribe like
and share this video if you guys haven't
already I really really really would
appreciate it if you guys would
subscribe to me and yeah that's it
