[Music]
it's December 5th today originally I had
booked my flight to the Philippines on
December 21st but I was able to
reschedule my flight so I flying on
December 16th
I'm completely like shivering it's so
excited to see her again and she doesn't
know that I'm flying in earlier so I
talked to her mom on Facebook and she's
gonna keep her busy until I am there and
hopefully will be a big smile when she
doesn't expect me to come in that early
guys I am leaving the office goodbye
black room we all right like it good bye
guys
[Music]
my best tips for you guys if you are
going to fly is to do the web checking I
just save so much time for not having to
stand in that line got my tickets let's
go to the gate the last time I was in
Manila I surprised
Ava's family with some chocolates from
Norway and they completely fell in love
with it
so now I have entire basket with
different chocolates that we have here
in Norway just see that the airport
waiting for my flight flights boarding
in one and a half hour from that I
bought a chicken salad I have told that
I am working today so she I'm not gonna
be able to talk so much it's gonna be
hard and because we usually call every
day so I hope she won't catch what I'm
on to hear what's up busted no I gotta
catch my eye my flight over here hello
you too bro
[Music]
[Music]
it's made it to Doha got about 30
minutes
until my next flight this Airport is
huge even got palm trees inside
[Music]
you say at the top of the place baby
it's not right it's not right
no come on and say got a problem to fix
me face tonight face tonight
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yes I made it out and now I'm waiting
for all that sister she's going to take
you through the air B&B
finally after 17 hours flight I mean the
taxi towards the Airbnb where we will
surprise other you think so yeah I hope
so too because like we've been trying to
hide my my early arrival trying is not
easy doing that everybody in social
media is commenting good luck good trip
like so but we will do our best
[Music]
we made it to the Airbnb is currently
out on the shopping mall but I was
surprised her in the lobby
and there we are after about 24 hours of
traveling I
in Manila sister-sister rain she just
went out to get over there meeting at
them all and all that still has no clue
but I'm here she thought I was gonna be
here in three days from now but I'm
really excited to get this reaction on
film and I'm just waiting in the lobby
right now
Finnick we've been so far it's been a
really great journey a lot of
butterflies inside me
we haven't seen each other for two
months I guess that's the downside of a
long-distance relationship but I also
have some really really awesome news
that I'm gonna break to oven later which
is gonna make you guys even
even more happy also so stay tuned let's
see if it all becomes lit see the time
is now 10:00 to 7:00 in the evening
all right let's this is just a waiting
game from Haren
[Music]
got scouted nj7 there
go
[Music]
what did I say what did I say what did I
say at home grab yeah yeah I went to the
terminal and fetched him and then we
went here and and I fetched you
Oh what you're my good night I'm not
teaching over yeah the way you told me
if if my dad's coming I'm not sleeping
over this way there's another entrance
that's right that's why I was like why
are we interfere that's kind of ruining
the plan - thank you
[Music]
nice place huh Marbury United Oh finally
a little surprise but it's worth it oh
no I need to go to the lobby because I
actually left my wallet inside the bag I
was the bag guy so we live there
restaurant is right here
so today Allah and rain was taking me
for ramen
and we are in BGC this rail so where I
was the first time when I was here in
Manila I'm excited to be back
work on my tan a little bit need some
help with us in karaoke
it's just gonna be a good time back with
my girl happy happy boys I'm a happy guy
right now
[Music]
at this place we have pre-ordered what
we're going to have and now they're
asking us how spicy wait on it
rain here is taking care of the order I
mean are like
working so faster in this light is
actually very popular too so we have to
wait in line for at least 20 minutes to
get seated and I'm really excited to see
if it's worth it now let you guys
I know that every day will always bring
me something new
[Music]
I got the shield
[Music]
I did not think ramen was going to be
that much food I couldn't finish this
it was really really good really really
good best noodles I've ever had
[Music]
and good morning from Manila day-to-day
me an oven we're out looking for
breakfast just picked up a coffee had a
full night's sleep she just came from
South America I came from Norway
both are jet-lagged different time zone
feeling good ready to take on the day
run up early yeah I think we got up at
what 6:30 or 7:00 something like that
yeah
pull the whole day right on in BGC this
place is so beautiful I like it I really
like it better than but he likes both
leche I know
yeah I do I like whistling shots in it
anyway so we have some secret team news
we're going to share with you guys later
because we're about to go to a meeting
with Ava's manager hopefully I'm gonna
be working a little bit with her as well
so it will make another vlog about that
and also we're attending a Filipino
Christmas party later on not going to be
which is going to be a yeah so I'm gonna
make a difference log about that too so
there's a lot of different vlogs coming
at you guys
we're so excited to tell you what's been
going on
yeah we've been making some plans lately
step-by-step stars are aligning yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog there's
gonna be a lot more vlogs coming from
the philippines from me and marva vlogs
well you guys have been requesting so
we're stoked
guys look at the Comanches
yeah we don't have this we start putting
up Christmas decorations by September
early on it mall starts to play
Christmas songs by September as well
I think Philippines has the longest
Christmas
sometimes we don't remove the Christmas
decorations not until like January or
February sounds like a place I could get
to like because I like Christmas
especially when there's palm trees
[Music]
I got the Enki right you guys we're here
like a bee my favorite the adobo chicken
all right back in the apartment and I'm
gonna do my facial skincare ever since I
started dating this girl over here
that's something that's becoming huge
part of my life I really want to take
care of my skin now that I'll be
spending some time here so yeah this one
I brought from Norway but I picked up a
different a couple of different reasons
I'll show them to you right now I guess
over the course of next couple of blogs
I will always show you in detail talk a
little bit about what I feel each one of
these did I think it's okay for men to
be doing this to like honestly it's
about taking care of your your face
you're not gonna see the results now but
by the time you're 40 you might be
regretting that you didn't listen to
Martin so log in when he was blogging
about it back in the day so of it
you're the year that I'm so proud of you
and I'm never
today I'm gonna ask her to help me put
it on it's Filipinos are really really
uh cautious about bringing doracles into
the night spend I have completely agrees
I'm gonna change because it's so dirty
outside that gets my daddy and I mean
wow did you wash your face oh no face we
have to go and watch the watch are we
gonna wash your face before official
mask this is our bathroom
hi kid fine so I bought a new tripod
before I left
let's put this thing to test this tripod
like it's super cool oh my god put this
back try again Lucy fresh clothing I
washed my face it's time to test the
first facial mask it's so much over
there oh my gosh
Toder so usually I have to let it sit
for
it's about to get eat cheese like a
cherry
ha ha just got be now yeah this is why I
have to do facial care guys
look equal such a pimple Jesus I didn't
even touch that where you know what they
say hey you know I think so I Oh
[Music]
what's up guys this is actually given to
me by a PR agency in Oslo and then yeah
I'm just testing it out right now I will
let you guys know more soon thanks for
helping me oven I'm happy that you're
doing that that should be hmm okay so
the plastic surgeon didn't really go to
well welcome back to a new vlog okay so
I've had this on for about thirty
minutes now and when you know it's like
time to take it off is when you feel
like it's it's getting more dry like the
mask itself is getting dry and
definitely in my forehead here it's
getting super dry it's time to take it
off let's see
I still can't believe you're doing this
well I mean you really needed that after
a long-haul flight
oh yeah I really needed this after a
long-haul flight
[Laughter]
no but I'd be proud of you that yeah I
think that's just so that that was the
first one uh yeah we're gonna review the
other ones as well I gave this so far
I'm gonna give it a eight out of ten
because it was really good but it was
really hard to get on so beauty guru ha
thank you
war skincare
you're first in the air for steps in the
air
yeah that's my
in May fascia lodge
thanks mom
[Music]
third time in less than 24 hours
visiting this place after lunch with
other and her manager hey girls
you guys ready get some coffee I think
this is going to be like the last minute
of this vlog
and that's it back here in the Airbnb I
hope you guys liked this vlog the
surprise log that I made for other it
was really fun checking out her reaction
when I first came here I want to thank
her mom and her family for helping me
set that up that was awesome
I'm gonna be making a lot more vlogs
here from the Philippines now moving
forward I know you guys have been
requesting it every vlog I've been doing
more Margaret vlogs and yes there are
more Marvel blogs coming so I'm really
excited to announce that we've been
making some really cool blocks in the
week to come so definitely want to check
out stay updated on both our channels
ovid you want to come say bye to them
there she is
sorry I was uploading I'm trying to
upload a travel blog right now the
internet year is so slow so yeah I'm so
happy that he's here I'm also surprised
to be honest that you are here because
honestly I thought that my sister will
be spending the night here at the Airbnb
yeah and she was like she kept on making
excuses that oh we need to go to the
conference before we go eat em like what
so that was really confusing for me but
then at the same time I really
appreciate that that my mom and my
sister was the one behind this your
sneakiness they helped me a lot so
that's really awesome so if you want to
check out more videos that me nava have
been doing and will be doing in the
future check out this playlist up here
also link you might relax Marvin vlogs
we have a whole playlist just for our
favorite Marvel dogs or I guess since
the beginning we were watching some of
our old vlogs like our first vlog
together which is in Srilanka it's in
the marketplace if you guys are one you
go check that out yeah I filmed our
reaction or like not reaction I filmed
the first time we actually shook hands
or that got introduced in Asia alright
unless you guys
yeah it's so funny and then two years
later here we are
yeah yeah no but anyway let us know
because we're gonna be spending a lot
more time together let us know what you
guys want to see more of here in the
blogs and we will make sure you answer
some of those I mean we will try as much
as possible to upload travel vlogs while
we can while we're here yeah that's
awesome alright we'll see you guys on
the next log bye
[Music]
you
