Are you taking a nap?
Hey what's up guys we're here at the YVR
Vancouver International Airport waiting
at the gate we're all checked in
everything's all good with our luggage
no hiccups security and we're just
waiting we've got a couple hours to kill
we're here already at the terminal just
chilling out
today's reading Bailey yeah getting some
Instagram post up and kids are just
hanging out we've got a bunch of snacks
he's supposed to show you all of our
luggage here we go
yeah I love it
hey how's your plate bud did you get
some sleep
we are in London hey what's up guys hey
how was your plate good that's okay
watch you like one bin so far it's busy
huh
Vinny pretty straightforward we're just
here about to grab our oyster parts try
to do an early check-in we they'll let
us bring our bags in yes seven or eight
I've been trying to have a good tour
hotel and then we are gonna be touring
around today so we didn't sleep too much
on the plane so we'll see how this day
goes with jet lag
hey guys it's been a few hours since
we've been here in London but we haven't
really blogged much from the airport
through the tube through the train
system and all that stuff just because
it's pretty crazy
yeah it's travelling with two kids and
five pieces of luggage and despite
everything being in English it's still a
lot to take in when you first learn so
we did our best but we just could not
have a camera rolling during that time
our hands were false
but we're here so we took a nap we got
here to the hotel a five-hour nap five
and a half to be exact it is I think I
don't know what time 5 or 6 p.m. local
time here in London we're gonna head out
we're gonna cut the blog off here I
think this is probably a good place to
do that so that we get into sort of like
a daily rhythm with each of the days
that we're here so make sure you
subscribe you click that notification
bell also go and follow us on Instagram
so we've done an account specifically
for our blog called we keep coming back
all right so I'll see you next video
