I'm gonna try looking again welcome to
Navi self-focus restaurant entries now
Julia and today we are going to be
trying Filipino cuisine let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
my name is Chris Kelley a dog I'm the
head legend arrow and founder of
ischemia Cebu Singapore and what we do
at the schema is represents the guano
culture in terms of food and translating
our culture to a single brand the our
special is Cebu Letran which is a whole
thing cooked slow roasted in charcoal
apart from that we also have chicken
which we call menorca today we will be
preparing for you four dishes which is
the belly lechon spicy and the non-spicy
version also we will be preparing for
you Leon Powe and chicken mono and what
makes us unique is that we try to hey
adherence represent the old-school wing
so we cook in charcoal we prepare it
without msg okay so no it's cannot Cebu
at sea but last I will going to try four
dishes
first up we're gonna try turn mine up
the skin is crispy and salty and the
vinegar is too pretty
check it out
so cheerfully Tendo that restaurant
tasty we throw the rice I should
compromise it very low belly which is
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
allelujah like a swap of a brain decide
it's so flavorful because they put so
much stuffing inside actually Julian's
say you have the altogether right buddy
each one by itself right it's also very
good dog is very strong so when you are
damn right it brings up a different
level for fall to be next feisty version
of the electronic pork belly
oh oh look at the head the skin is how
that shuns into being I don't know that
it tastes of skin it feels just like you
fight enzyme so nice but the meaningful
color chili 13/4 circuit is very
different this one's good but it's not
like the spice right so it's like a
spike on this football see my favorite
so far so now we are going to try that
real the daily slab which is also real
tiempo display interesting is very
different they were competitive a sour
taste to it
oh that makes sense yeah for em4 I
properly eat it
you must resonate with soy sauce it is
very good because it'll be offer of a
chocolate but it goes very well together
with I'm using to be master boy when
they
bunch of random what I'm seeing now is
my god yes
from what depend reminds me of how the
food I had babies used to be in my
favorite dish is the spiced pork belly -
oh it has everything in it days the
texture the sweetness I am really this
has been established since 2010 when we
started in the hopper of Alibaba and
then we moved here in 2011 to play some
of our signature dishes that silly pork
belly in this report Napa
today we are going to surgery we have
many amp-hours field pork in the oven
like chicken which is your chicken
crispy pork belly in this report nothing
absolutely seasonal dishes and the best
sellers and the first one is chicken are
not traditional chicken is very little
but yeah oh it has the super Pinot a
taste for make this
[Music]
[Music]
yes
[Music]
[Music]
all right so it's like you find
everywhere this is for young people who
likes this is done if you can't eat it
but because bill together submit now ja
deliberately you justify taking hahaha I
enjoyed it because of the back and I'm
Christina sophisticated
let's move on to the main event which is
[Music]
this is an equivalent of a celebratory
food this is so good right it's not what
mr. Foyle to donate it to the bureau's a
mix of vinegar and soy sauce so since we
are eating the main event we should use
our hands - is that a dead body
[Music]
so just a little bit so much everyone
should try these people of Singapore I
cordially invite you to see the beam of
gesta and try their specialty
okay father I knew you're gonna fail me
mostly it's like super flavor plane not
sit your mouth yeah I love my meat so so
it's a lot more slowly a lot of things I
related I like that they have a lot of
choices like super foonly really feels
like it and I like how the ambiance and
the flavors really useful back in the
office to the mode eating the food for
Skinner simple I've always been eating
and coming back to that place it's
always consistent I love how they did
previously so I thought that people
that's not very nice the moment step is
really very very windy very Philippine
and the food that I prepare it feels
like goodbye my cousins so for me that
was what really stood up but it's of
quality where I think the poor of them
have very very different strains from a
stable it feels more premium that it's
in your face is very good but the one a
liver has the more detail of the
necessary tools to be a kind of
important people quality Filipino fierce
at the edge the fact that they taste
like it was red and the Philippines now
entering it in Singapore it says a lot
of minutes before quantity and value for
money this dinner table is my choice cuz
we don't really have to pay that much
for that amount of food quality ball
then a lot of people call them a feeder
for sure but value for money will be
discussing the process much further is
[Music]
see you not to move thank you for
watching this episode of Parker versus
restaurant if you like this video
remember to Like share subscribe and
watch other videos over there bye
Salameh Alam thank you
