Good evening, everybody. 
Welcome. Definitely a 
discussion. This is episode 190 
and tonight, we are most 
fortunate to have Groove, Mike 
Belzer and um I just want to 
thank Steve Brody. Uh he called 
our text message II, forget 
what means of communication 
mode but uh let me know about 
uh Mike and I was immediately 
sold so I have to definitely 
send a thank you to Steve Brody 
for this. Um I'm not sure I 
would have gone to hear about 
Mike as soon as I have and as a 
that Steve. Uh he puts two in 
contact together and um hence 
this interview and so yeah, I 
definitely want to give him a 
public thank you and thank you 
for coming out. I really 
appreciate it. My pleasure. 
Yeah. Yeah. So, uh as we kind 
of indicated um we're going to 
be covering a lot. so so it 
will be you you brought a juice 
bottle snack pack water my 
water. I have my I've got my 
show and tell So, all good 
because uh yeah. So, without 
further ado, we're going to 
jump into it. If you're 
watching, please tell us where 
you're watching from and smash 
that like button. Alright. So, 
um you know, you started uh 
martial arts, you know, early 
on and all that. Um you know 
what I guess what led you to um 
seeking out uh FMA and uh you 
know, how do you come up? How'd 
you become aware of it And uh 
you know, we'll let you find 
the ultimate spot. Yeah well, 
It all came from following the 
advice of donor and he 
suggested that I find a weapons 
based system to begin training 
in because he said training and 
weapons is really the only way 
to learn the types of things 
you need to know about combat 
and fighting uh empty hand 
systems can only take you so 
far and and you really need to 
use the weapons. So, I had been 
aware of uh Filipino martial 
arts through Asian arts through 
a comprehensive arts by donor 
uh and I knew about uh Dana 
**** Santo and his colleague 
Academy down in Carson, 
California. So, I made the 
journey down there. Uh watched 
a class and it was just a super 
impressed with everything that 
I saw there. The level of 
training uh percussion music 
that they used to train with 
the flow of techniques, the 
stick, and the knife and empty 
hands and all that. So, I 
inquire how to become a student 
and was interviewed by Guro uh 
Richard Castillo. May he rest 
in peace. and um I said, you 
know, we we have got a waiting 
list. So, we'll put you on the 
waiting list and couple months 
later, II got the call. You 
know, we're starting a Friday 
night class. if you're still up 
for it. See you at 6 o'clock on 
Friday. Uh that was back in 
1979. I was Twenty-two uh and 
I've been practicing FNA ever 
since and integrating it into 
the Hawaiian jiujitsu that I 
grew up learning practicing. 
That thing that II. Hear about 
that famous phone call. when 
you're on the waiting list, you 
get that famous phone call. 
right? Okay. And then I think 
Burton uh told me a very 
similar story and I'll be back 
the famous that famous phone 
call So, when you're going 
there, I mean, obviously, I 
mean, you're, you know, you're 
not just calling newbies far as 
instructors. I mean, you're 
going obviously two legends um 
even back then I think there 
were even like legend like 
Um you know, so uh you know 
what? you know, what was that 
experience like you're going in 
there and there's I mean there 
I mean, we're going to get to 
the all-star cast as far as 
well that's but definitely it 
was intimidating just out of 
box. It was intimidating. um 
the level of training that I 
saw there when I when I walked 
in even before I walked to the 
academy, I heard the sound of 
strumming and I was like, what 
am I walking into here? Is this 
is this a dance class or what? 
So I walked in there and then I 
see the guys skipping rope and 
then um you know, lots of sweat 
and then they're doing this 
kind of yoga like warm ups all 
to the drum on a bum and I'm 
like, wow. So then they get the 
the focus pads out. They start 
working on the pads and the 
kicking shield. Uh then they 
start working the single stick 
and the double stick and then 
they got into cool and and the 
locks and sweeps and I was 
like, whoa, you know, all of 
this stuff is happening um in 
in a couple of hours. So, when 
I started to to do the 
training, it was in uh back 
then it was still phase one 
phase two phase three phase 
four uh and it was Phase one 
with Richard Castillo and uh I 
definitely he was somebody that 
you didn't want to mess around 
with. You know, when we when we 
got to the point where we put 
on gloves and started to do 
some some controlled sparring. 
He said, when when you hear the 
sound of the drum, that means 
break and and if you do not 
separate, he says, you see this 
spear? It's like, yeah it goes. 
I'm going to throw it at you So 
he he was definitely somebody 
like, okay, whatever you say, 
bro. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so 
uh II. Can't say that it was 
the friendliest experience that 
I had there, you know, with him 
like, hey, Mike, how you doing? 
No, it was all training all the 
time. As a matter of fact, uh 
you know that he he took role 
every time you came there and 
at that time it was just once a 
week and it took me about 45 
minutes to drive down there and 
uh there were 2 weeks that I 
missed. so I came in on the 
following week and he calls the 
rule. He's like Belzer. I go 
here And he goes, do you want 
to be here? Yes, sir. Then, 
start showing up. So, you know 
what? Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um 
quite a bit different than when 
I started phase two and maybe 
it was even before phase two. I 
think Rodan came in and and 
probably um substituted for um 
Guro Richard uh on a night you 
know and so I remember a drill 
where we we had to run, jump, 
grab the stick, roll, and stand 
up No problem. You know III can 
I can roll with the best of 
them So, I'm yeah and he's he 
notices that and then on a 
break, he's like, you have, you 
have very good roles. You know, 
what's your what's your 
background And I said, I grew 
up doing jiu jitsu and he was 
like, oh, that's Okaay style 
and I thought, wow, he knows. 
he knows that and he said, you 
know, um Okaay uh His name was 
known to the old Filipino 
Masters in hawaii II said, 
really? can II didn't know that 
in our history of jiu Jitsu 
coming up. we know that this 
man's um Henry Okaay um um 
learn most of his martial arts 
on the big island of Hawaii. 
Starting with jiu jitsu, the 
ocean style but also learned 
Hawaiian luau and other arts 
including Filipino knife play. 
That's how it's listed in our 
our kind of lineage of the art 
display and so that always 
everybody is like Filipino. I 
play what's that? you know, and 
the fact that is saying Okaay 
name was known to the old 
masters You know that that 
means something. If you if you, 
it's not like you go to a 
seminar and you show up and you 
learn a few things and then you 
leave, you know, the old 
masters don't know your name 
that way. Now, how the old 
masters know your name. you 
show up, you stand at the end 
of the line, you do all the 
basics and then eventually they 
go, oh, who's that guy down 
there? You know, he's showing 
up. Um he he he's pretty good. 
So that always made a big 
impression. Yeah I mean 
honestly they had he had to 
leave a resonating effect on 
for them to even mention that 
in that regard. Yeah, I mean, 
So, when you're when you're 
getting threatened by basil 
with a spear, I'm just, I'm 
going to assume things got 
better as time went on. I did 
but but what it was really was 
um uh you know, you're you're 
just one of a bunch of people 
in a in a class uh you're 
learning the basics and then 
pretty soon after that, I would 
say after phase one, groan 
opened up his school in Culver 
City and since I lived in 
Culver City, you know, it was a 
no brainer. Yeah. so II moved 
out of Cali Academy and I 
started doing uh with Guro Dan 
and that was I think that was a 
Monday, Wednesday program in 
Culver City and that is when he 
was partnered up with Hawkins 
Chunk doing that Oh, okay. 
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So, that's 
what we did there and and at 
that that time, um that's when 
other um uh full instructors 
were also teaching the regular 
classes. Chris Kent was one of 
the uh Ada was one of our 
teachers Yeah. Uh Alfonso to 
Yeah, I'm just, it's so when 
you, you know, back at the when 
they were still both together 
and all that. I mean, who that 
you would call um that were 
classmates uh that have of 
course, you know are are are 
now well known and the FMA 
community who who was in your 
classroom, you well, you know, 
sometimes the the class 
formations change depending on 
where you were. You know, the 
Culver City had a group and in 
the Marina del Rey had a group 
but the people that I Remember 
coming up um at the same time, 
um I was coming up uh uh Bert 
Richardson was there 
Crafty dog. Mark. Denny's 
there. Uh there was uh uh uh 
Nakamura. Yeah. Yeah. 
A Cliff Stewart Cliff Stewart. 
name it, rings a bell. also. 
rest in peace for Master Cliff 
Stewart but yeah, and then 
like, I mean, I'm just thinking 
of names back then because you, 
I mean, you met a steep girl. 
I'm assuming you met Steve, 
Steve Brody was great. He's 
great. All I remember is Steve 
Brody was he was one of the 
senior guys. He was over on 
that end. Oh, okay. Okay. And 
and 30 years later, like now, 
you know, I finally get 
together with him um and so now 
we're swapping stories and it 
turns out um he also started I 
remember starting at the 
academy also in 1979. Yeah, 
maybe 9 months earlier than I 
did but the way I saw it, he 
was he was one of those senior 
guys because he really had the 
moves He had the moves moves 
and Morado and really just 
really good moves and and then 
again, decades later, I find 
out that you know, he teaches 
swing dancing. That's I mean, 
I'm just going to say that So 
this is a that was definitely a 
precursor to his swing dancing 
and. Right. Right And he was 
great because he had a he had 
AC TV show in the 80s. I heard 
about that. We're, you know, 
you're just clicking and oh, 
you know, there's a martial 
arts guy. I hate that. That's 
that's the guy, you know, he's 
doing trapping and he's doing 
sticks and he's doing uh I 
mean, it was great. There are 
still people that that come up 
to him today for the show. I 
know, aren't you that that uh I 
know he's I tell you man I 
can't get enough of that. I've 
had him on a few times. He's 
he's due to come back on but 
man he he just is I don't know 
there's just something about 
it. but he's just like so 
funny. He's and he and he the 
other thing. Well, first of 
all, all of the the students 
that came up under Gruden and 
Richard Castillo um and we 
became instructors Um I would 
say are like all top of the 
line. Um they're they're all 
super high level instructors. 
um and it's just very 
impressive to see generations 
of people being able to do 
things really better and better 
uh which is sign of an 
excellent teacher that the 
students are the lineage. Sure. 
Yeah. And uh like just just 
recently uh during COVID time. 
I've signed on for a Burton, 
his program, some of his online 
training programs that there's 
no, are you okay? I'm doing it. 
You know, and I'm doing it with 
my my friend Thomas Rodriguez. 
uh and uh so we would be up 
here once a week. We would be 
in masks. um things and we 
would try the different combos 
and then during the week, um II 
do this with a lot of people. I 
do what's called text training. 
so II say give me 5 minutes a 
day. That's all I ask. Um it 
might be hard to practice 30 
minutes a day, you know, but 
anybody can do 5 a day. Yeah. 
So it doesn't matter how tired. 
It doesn't matter how busy. 
Give me 5 minutes. So we would 
train each other. I just did my 
sticks text you bastard. You 
know, and that would make him 
and that would give him 
incentive to go. Sure. Okay. 
Okay. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Just 
like you just to piggyback on 
what you mentioned far as at 
all those early days. If you 
look at the guys that came out, 
Mark Makia, Mark, Danny Bert 
and it was Stewart. um Cass 
Magna, Steve Perro, uh you 
know, I mean, I mean, you're 
just talking. I mean it's it's 
like it's just unbelievable. It 
was a great time. It really 
was. Yeah. it really seems like 
in those early days it is you 
know like some things like 
firmly believe can't be 
replicated. I think the journey 
and the conveyor belt kind of 
keeps going but that's some 
that beginning group or what 
started it. I just think 
there's there's just something 
special about that that's 
really hard right There there 
are those guts, you know of 
things that are happening in 
that time frame. I remember um 
Guro had his big old van, you 
know and and that's where he 
would take the van and drive. 
So Friday, he would drive to 
wherever he's going and then he 
would do his seminar a lot of 
times I'm sure slept in the van 
but there are a lot of times 
that he would be taking breaks 
in between classes going to the 
van to write out for a book 
that he's producing, You know, 
so he'd be in the bed writing a 
text for his book It's 
definitely driven and make it 
happen. Another Guro Dan story. 
So, for Christmas, um uh my mom 
and dad gave me $100 Bill so 
that I could go get a private 
lesson with Guro. Oh my gosh. 
awesome. so II. get that thing 
II. Take it to him and in the 
office. um um you know, I'd 
like to I'd like to um you 
know, get a private lesson with 
you. He looks at it. He looks 
at me and goes, Mike, I can't 
take this. Um just go to class 
Okay. So, I go to class and 
then I see how he's teaching. 
So, of course, you know that 
there's the circle and he's 
showing the technique. So, he's 
he takes one person and he 
demonstrates with that person 
much for the entire night. So, 
that's a private lesson for 
that person. Then, as he's 
teaching a lot of times, he 
just is kind of teaching to 
another person. So, teaching to 
me, you know, there's a private 
lesson for you and then 
everybody practices. Okay. 
okay. Well, everybody's 
practicing. He calls over some 
of his senior guys. Okay. 
They're it like this but what 
it really is, it's like this. 
So, there's another 
excellent, you know, multiple 
private lessons happening at 
once and if you weren't 
listening, you'd go on to 
somebody else, Okay. You know, 
so a very interesting 
experience but he refuses my 
right. So, you have to get 100, 
spend it elsewhere. right. We 
got some people saying. Oh, we 
got El Rey. some fantastic 
questions and we got Casey from 
Canada. We got my and we got 
Louie from Canada and we got 
Paul, Paul and Louie wants to 
know, was it good? Dan's Brown 
Band? I remember a brown band. 
I remember some designs on it 
but yeah, it was brown. So, it 
was the it was the infamous 
brown man. It was a big boy. 
Yeah, it was a it was a big one 
right back then. I'm sure it 
was uh yeah back then I mean, 
we're talking late 70s or early 
80s uh bands were not small 
back then. I thought it I've 
got another one for you and 
since we're just kind of shorts 
here um and it it does relate 
back to my my jiujitsu 
upbringing Dan as as most of us 
know is just famous for 
bringing in all these top level 
instructors. Everything from 
Master Chai for for Thai boxing 
to um you know, uh panda car 
for the to the to the Savant 
team from France to you know, 
the the show guys. I mean just 
you name it. they're all 
they're all coming to the 
academy. So night. Uh professor 
Wally J comes by the Culver 
City Academy. This is at the 
end of class. He just comes in. 
He's sitting down watching and 
he came over to meet Dan and 
**** Santo, Bruce Lee's student 
for the first time. that you 
were there for the first time. 
Wow. Yeah. And so, you know, 
class ends people leave and 
there's, you know, people 
remaining and so um 
Pastor Jay ask. can anybody 
take falls? I'm like, I'm the 
guy, you know, So he starts 
doing some of his small circle 
joint lock and take him to the 
ground or her and he's like, 
oh, you know, you're you're is 
excellent and and then he he 
looks at it looks at me and 
goes, 
know your brother. Steve 
Belzer. and I'm like, somehow 
um the fact that we grew up in 
Dono Jiu Jitsu down here in 
Southern California and and 
some of our instructors got up 
to Northern California. That's 
where professor Jaylen was 
somehow the Belzer name got up 
there and Wally J with the name 
and somehow there was a face. 
my older brother and I look 
very similar 
So that that little interaction 
sparked a connection not only 
between Rowan and and professor 
Jay uh but between professor 
Jay and myself and so he came 
down several times um to 
Monica. he would stay at my 
apartment in the in the other 
and we would do different 
seminars at the end of Santo 
Academy and other locations in 
the area. Yeah, it's 
incredible. That even to the 
point where he asked me um you 
know, could you help on a book? 
Could you help take falls of 
the book? Um and so sure. so 
another friend of mine uh uh 
Don's guy that I grew up with, 
uh Keith Thomas also um a very 
involved with Small Circle Jiu 
Jitsu. uh was called and we 
both went to Black Belt 
Magazine for the the shoot. So 
we did all the the photos and 
um that's great. be involved in 
all that. Um sure About a month 
later, I get a call from 
professor Jay Mike. I received 
all of the um the proofs of the 
photos but I my eyes are so 
bad. You know, in his late 70s, 
my eyes are so bad. I can't 
look. I can't see the pictures. 
Oh, okay. Okay. Can I send them 
to you? Can you look at them 
and write down what we're 
doing? like the descriptions 
for the captions, for the 
photos. like, well, sure I can 
do that because part of what 
our requirements as far as 
we're coming up to the art is 
we have to describe how to do 
all the arts from how to grab, 
how to balance, how to come in, 
how to throw all of that. So, 
yeah, I can do that. Alright. 
so he sends him down. I start 
doing it but now I have to 
figure out how do you how do 
you 
explain these types of 
movements. you know? Well, this 
is is kind of like a doorknob. 
like using a can opener. This 
is like a motorcycle throttle, 
right? So, like, okay, I can do 
that. I'm I'm writing it down 
halfway through. Um I realized 
most people never look at the 
captions. Most people never 
read the captions. Most people 
are never going to be reading 
what I'm writing. So, this is 
basically a waste of time but I 
have to do it. So, I keep doing 
it Every month, I send it back 
The book gets produced. The 
book becomes a best seller. Uh 
small Circle, Jiu-Jitsu. I end 
up, I end up on the cover. I'm 
the upside down guy in the 
pretzel hold. Okay. Looking 
like that. Um okay, so fine. uh 
II, do not get credit for 
writing the the captions again 
decades. decades later. I'm up 
at Camp Don on that was the the 
camp that Professor Jay started 
in Martial arts Camp Groan came 
up several times to teach up 
there and and there's some 
stuff on YouTube. Um Camp Don's 
on. That's where he went to 
demonstrate and so there's good 
stuff on YouTube for that but 
anyway, there's a guy that 
comes by and says, hey, I'm 
writing an article about the 
book and the people that helped 
out with the book. Do you have 
time for a little interview? Do 
you have any stories? So, I 
told him this caption story. 
He's like, professor, I'm 
sorry, I have to stop you. 
You're wrong. Uh not only do 
people read it, they have to to 
memorize it. We had to memorize 
it as students Oh, wow. Okay. 
Learning from a student of 
professor Jay, a guy named 
Professor Eichelberger and they 
all thought that professor Jay 
wrote the captions. So, EJ 
wrote it, we have to read it 
and we have to memorize it. 
Gotcha. right? But really, 
really well but hey, I mean, 
what I mean, what an honor. I 
mean, no and for you to be in a 
book, write the captions and be 
on the cover and then get a 
subsequent interview. I mean, 
that's. Yeah, that's right. But 
it's that's it is literally a 
small sort of sort of small 
circle like knowing your 
brother comes from. it comes 
from from people coming to 
visit Dan and Santo and his 
music academy. It's amazing. 
Like I mean like you just 
happen to be there that I mean 
and you know, just uh we get 
some more Uh hey, we got Tricia 
from Vancouver, Eric O'brien 
and we got Jeremy who's also 
from uh Canada. Alright, if 
you're watching, tell us where 
you're watching from and smash 
that like button. Um so, we're 
going to get, okay. So, um 
definitely like we mentioned, 
all Star cast back in that day. 
Um I understand you definitely 
met, you know, master donor 
previous to you going to 
academy and all that uh which 
even more amazing in my 
opinion. it's not because 
you've met him like at a very 
early age before he was on a 
me. I mean, actually, like you 
mentioned, gave you advice to 
go seek out weapon systems and 
the empty hand only take you so 
far. Um we're um where did you, 
so how you know at that young 
age? I mean, how and where did 
you meet you well, first of 
all, I don't know if people can 
see this. I'm going to hold it 
up to the camera Let me see. 
So, this is donor probably um 
in his, I don't know uh late 
late 30s maybe at the Coon 
probably definitely the Marine 
Corps, something like that but 
but a dude, a combative, an 
elite combative athlete. um but 
what happened is when I was 
thirteen, my um dad and my 
older brother and I were 
teaching a jiujitsu program 
back in Virginia and just a 
recreational thing. You know, 6 
weeks at a time. People signing 
up for self defense jiujitsu. I 
was a brown belt and my dad uh 
heard that some experts were 
coming from Japan to 
demonstrate classical Japanese 
martial arts for the first time 
in the United States and one of 
them was an American uh named 
Don Draggers. He found out 
where it's going to be. He took 
myself, my brother. um another 
of our George Arrington and um 
we went to lunch and so we saw 
an amazing demonstration of of 
staff and sword and the Cosa 
Gama which is AA Sickle with a 
chain and a weighted end, you 
know, and you and you come in 
just amazing stuff and big 
donor and little Japanese guys, 
Okay. So, I'm so impressed that 
when I finished watching that, 
I went out and got the Asian 
fight. Yeah. and co written 
with Andre by Robert Smith and 
it's talking about the fighting 
arts of China, Okinawa, Korea, 
Japan, India, Pakistan, Burma, 
Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, 
Philippines, you know, and all 
these cool pictures and you 
know, all this history and and 
all all this stuff. How how 
does how does one guy know all 
this know all that, right? 
Right. How James Bond, how cool 
Um and so I guess supercharged 
in terms of now, I'm interested 
in martial arts history and and 
I want to learn this and I want 
to learn that. So, 4 years 
later, uh I'm uh I'm out of 
high school and I've I have the 
opportunity to go to Japan. Uh 
I have some friends that had 
moved to Japan. Uh they 
offered, hey, why don't you 
spend the summer before we come 
back? Uh why don't you come 
with us? You can do your 
martial arts thing and I talked 
to her with my parents. They 
said, we we will help you go. 
So, they did and my dad said, 
why don't you write to donor? 
And I'm like, how do I write to 
Don Draper? He said, well, you 
would write to his publisher 
and the publisher would get the 
letter to him, right? Okay. So, 
I do uh and about a month 
before I'm due to leave, I get 
a letter from Donor which is a 
man letters are this type of 
thing. 
This is really an aero gram 
where you you fold them up like 
this. They become, you know, 
something that you can mail. 
Wow. Hiked on his typewriter. 
and it says, dear mister 
Belzer, I have the letter 
memorized. Dear mister Belzer, 
you know, um your letter has 
finally shipped it down to me 
from my publisher. You say you 
purchased uh Asian Fighting 
arts. Was it a hard cover soft 
cover and where did you 
purchase it? Um I will be in 
the jungles of Borneo uh 
shortly and so I wish to 
establish contact with you now. 
Uh tell me what you have in 
mind Best Don Draper So, I 
write them back and I give him 
my little history. You know, 
I'm just out of high school. 
I'm a need on in jiujitsu and 
um I want to come to Japan and 
learn about Japanese martial 
arts and anything that you can 
do to help me would be greatly 
appreciated. I Belzer so I get 
another letter about a week 
before I'm due to leave and it 
says, dear Mike, um thanks for 
your information and giving me 
a chance to get to know you uh 
by the time you get here, I 
will be gone uh to Borneo doing 
research for a new book uh but 
when you get please contact my 
good friend in Stuart Howard, 
Howard Alexander Uh here's his 
phone number. He will help you. 
um as far as learning the 
Japanese martial arts, it will 
be my pleasure to show you uh 
what the Japanese have to 
offer. Keep in mind that what 
you're doing in California may 
be different than what they're 
doing in Japan. This is code uh 
maybe slightly different than 
what we're doing in Japan. Let 
the Japanese show you their way 
um and I will you upon my 
return Best rager. Wow. Wow. 
Wow. So, that's how I made 
contact by letter and then when 
I met um Howard Alexander, one 
of the things that he suggested 
is you know II, see that you're 
doing Aikido every day at the 
home. That's good. Um if you're 
interested in doing something a 
little different, you might be 
interested in the Japanese 
stick fighting that I'm doing. 
Hmm Stick fighting. That sounds 
cool. Uh sure. Sign me up. So, 
I didn't know that I was being 
invited to go to the Rim Dojo 
which was uh uh uh a famous 
dojo for shins to Jiu Jitsu, a 
four-foot staff versus sword 
art. um that um was taught by 
the last headmaster at that 
time. Uh and it happened to be 
the dojo of Don Draper. That's 
where Don Draper went to learn 
that art and he was the first 
foreigner allowed to a call to 
you a classical style before 
that in Manhattan in the 50s, 
foreigners are not allowed to 
learn it. Uh hardly anybody 
knew that there were these old 
samurai artists and to all 
these weapons and to it in the 
old way uh but a few months 
later, the word is Don Draggers 
coming to the dojo. So, Uh he 
came and uh the class I was 
going in was really only 
foreigners and there's only 
like six of us at a time that 
we're training. So, he came and 
uh we practiced with him. uh 
you know, 61622 hundred pounds, 
all muscle. uh but did not 
overpower you. you know, just 
just the perfect partner gave 
you just enough energy so that 
that you would be pushed but 
but you basically can just put 
his hand on your head and he'd 
he'd be doing this. You know, 
you're doing the the bicep. 
you'd be doing the bicycling. 
Right? Right. Anyway, class 
finishes and um from across the 
dojo. now, I see Don and Shinzo 
standing together and my brain 
goes back to when I was 
thirteen Of course, I knew it 
was Don Draper that 
demonstrated back then. I 
didn't know that it was. I 
didn't know that was the guy I 
didn't know I was learning that 
art that I'd seen demonstrated 
and I just kind of blurred it 
out. I know you guys I don't 
know. You're just like you. she 
needs to look over and and they 
go, oh, I said, hi. I'm Mike 
from California Me and goes, oh 
with the California kid. Glad 
you made it and so, that's how 
I met Doner for for the first 
I'm a fascinating. I mean, 
like, you know, it's it's just 
incredible. I mean, obviously, 
we're going to get more into, 
you know, about him and um you 
know, we're just we're we're 
just about to get there but 
just for him to like correspond 
back you and all that. I mean, 
honestly, uh no, a stand-up 
guy. I mean, I'm on so many 
levels as well. Um so, I think 
that's that's something that is 
a very important feature of 
donor and his personality Um 
when I was uh I decided you 
know, Traeger died at age 
sixty. I would like to do 
something to commemorate his 
life and book has not been 
written about his life yet. Um 
but I thought you know what II 
have some unique materials that 
I can share. Um I have some 
audio tapes that were sent from 
Don Rager to Richard Hayes who 
was the going to be the co 
author of the first apology 
textbook that they were going 
to write together. So, I have 
tapes that hardly anybody is 
has listened to um and so I can 
take out of of those audio 
tapes and let you listen to Don 
Draper talk about a variety of 
topics including some personal 
things. um 
letters that have information 
that can be shared. There's a 
lot of photos. There's some 
video. So, in the space of 
about 90 minutes on a on a 
PowerPoint presentation that I 
give at the end of that, you 
feel like you met Don Draper. 
It was awesome to him. 
Different stories. You saw him, 
he saw pictures. you saw a 
video and you really feel like, 
okay, now, now, let's it's not 
just this guy 
Oh yeah. No, this is a great 
book. You know, it's actually 
you actually uh and that's what 
I enjoy doing but my my point 
with all that is that John 
wrote you back. he wrote you 
back. No, that's not me. That's 
just like that's I mean, yeah, 
I mean, honestly, that just 
sets uh you know, as far as his 
character and who he's about 
that he would take the time to, 
you know, correspond. you know 
what I mean? that wow. Wow. I'm 
a special man. Um so, So, 
that's when you first meet and 
and and all that. So, I mean 
and hey, that's a California 
kid. you know, and uh but from 
there, I mean that obviously 
besides the letters, that's 
kind of that's the beginning of 
what cultivated a special 
relationship between you guys 
and so in Japan, um I was only 
there for 9 months and you 
know, in between high school 
and college and I had to go 
back and start college. Uh so 
and I only trained with him a 
couple of times two or three 
times the maximum at the dojo 
because he didn't leave until 
you anymore. He lived in 
naughty to Japan. uh and um so 
anyway, when it was time for me 
to leave, he happened to be at 
the dojo and he said, you know, 
if you are interested in 
continuing to um uh stay in 
touch. we are developing this 
course of study called apology. 
Uh the study of lawyers, 
weapons, and their fighting 
systems and if you're 
interested, uh let's stay in 
touch by letter uh and I'll 
keep you informed as we go and 
so Yeah. You're okay. Uh sign 
me up. So sure. You know, of 
course, uh I wrote, he wrote 
back uh in that time period of 
of Seventy-five to 
seventy-nine. He was very 
active uh at the University of 
Hawaii. He was going back and 
forth uh doing a theological 
research on Hawaiian weapons 
and fighting systems working at 
the Bishop Museum and also 
presenting courses on Japanese 
Marshall culture at the to the 
east West Center. So, he would 
ask me, Mike, you know, please 
write a letter of interest to 
such and such and such and such 
department. Ask all your 
friends to also write letters 
and this is way before an Email 
or the internet or all that is 
right. written 
typewriter from one of his 
students in Malaysia inviting 
me to international stick 
fighting uh camp. We're going 
to mention this or shins. a 
jiujitsu program. That's the 
term. Jojo is a modern term. 
jiujitsu is the older term Back 
then, it was really used 
interchangeably these days, 
it's kind of two separate 
things but back then, it was 
used interchangeably anyway. so 
like uh let's see. I just got 
invited to go to an 
international stick fighting uh 
training camp Okay, I'm going 
uh and in my mind, I'm 
thinking, remember to enter the 
dragon scene where we've got 
all the people here. The whole. 
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. You know, 
and and of course, this thing 
is going to be taught by Don 
Rager. I'm thinking I'm at the 
end of the line jumping up. you 
know, that's what it's going to 
be. Um yeah, sure sign me up. 
So, um I write back to this man 
who is Greg's guy in in 
Malaysia. Okay. You know, I'm 
I'm planning on going and I'm 
going to follow your 
directions. I repeated the 
directions. You gotta make make 
this appointment and this 
reservation, you gotta go to 
this hotel and get this done. 
So, I write to, I tell him all 
this. he writes dear Mike, um 
uh on the contrary, it is I who 
must thank you. uh the for the 
4 years of sacrifice. I mean 
and and you are going to have 
to sacrifice to make this trip. 
Um however, It will be the trip 
of a lifetime. You will meet 
many great people and you will 
see things that most people are 
not able to see in terms of 
martial arts. Um I don't mean 
to mess up your plans but if 
you want, you can you can fly 
the cheap way, Meet me in 
Japan. We will go to Thailand 
and then we'll take the 25 hour 
train ride into Malaysia So 
now, I'm thinking okay, uh 
donor just invited me to travel 
with him. There must be a group 
of us. That's right. There's 
probably a generator or people 
that are all going to get 
together and we're all going to 
go. Okay, sign me up. dear 
Dawn. Sure sounds good. I'll be 
there. So, uh he picks me up at 
the airport We go out. We have 
some dinner. Um we go to his 
two room apartment, a very 
small apartment in Japan, two 
rooms in the kitchen. Uh get be 
situated in in the library 
which is basically your college 
style library with the Cinder 
block bookshelves and the and 
the two by fours, four by fours 
and and stuff like that. Um so, 
all the books, all of these 
pictures and negatives, all the 
wall of weapons, all of that. 
He's in the other room Uh but 
nobody else is coming. Uh there 
was only one other guy that was 
supposed to come and I'm pretty 
sure that was a guy named Mike 
Scotts who became very involved 
in and the core I'm with him 
but the word was he got sick or 
for whatever reason couldn't 
come. So, it's just me and 
Doner. Oh my god. So, in other 
words, you just keep getting 
luckier and luckier In the 
article I wrote, I call it 
fantastic luck because it just 
seems like it's it's happening 
over and over again. Um so 
that's what happened and I and 
I had a list of about 
Twenty-five questions about 
hola that I was able to ask the 
we had 25 hours going through 
the I landed to Malaysia. Uh 
then we get to um uh Malaysia. 
We have the Five-day Camp 
Training 3 days or three times 
a day. um uh and and I'm still 
a total beginner When I was in 
Japan, I learned the twelve 
basic movements and twelve 
basic of what's called a um I 
only learned the staff side. I 
didn't even learn the sword 
side. Okay. So, it'd be kind of 
like going back to to Los 
Angeles. It really is anybody 
to practice with if if you 
don't know the swords can't do 
the cut, It's all based. So, 
it'll be like, you know, I'm 
going to go down to Argentina. 
We're in the tango but you come 
back and there's nobody to 
tango, right? There's nobody to 
tango with it. What are you 
going to do is Just solo 
around. No. so I hadn't been 
able to practice for 5 years 
So, I'm I go to that camp and 
and you know, things start to 
come back fairly quickly but 
still it's not like like I was 
expecting to do anything. I'm 
not going to test or. Yeah, 
yeah, yeah, yeah. at the day 
before and everybody else is 
preparing for testing but I'm 
not, I don't have to, you know, 
then I hear uh okay, Mike, you 
are going to be tested for a 
song Que tomorrow. Uh hang on a 
second. No, I'm not. I'm one of 
the senior guys. I got Pascal 
Krieger. um who's head of all 
the European uh shins now I 
just like uh you know, I don't 
really need to test or I don't 
I'm not trying to get ranked 
and you know, I don't I don't 
need any give me promotion 
because you came here. Here's a 
promotion. I don't need that. 
It's like Sensei said that 
you're going to be testing. So, 
you're going to be testing. 
Here's what you need to 
practice. I'm like, oh, like 
everybody else has had a week 
to prepare. He's like, stop 
whining. He said, here's what 
would happen to Drake. Drake 
would be set up with to go do 
demonstrations. So, they'd be 
practicing and he said more 
than once, an hour before the 
demonstration, she would come 
up to her and say, um to the uh 
remember we practicing this, 
this, and this. He goes, we're 
not not doing that. We're going 
to do this, this, and this and 
they would just turn a lot more 
at the end. prepared. So, he 
said, at least that's not 
happening to you. So, I took 
the test. um my receipt. So, 
you uh and and so that that was 
fine. Then I said afterwards, I 
said to Pascal, I don't think I 
deserve this. He's like, are 
you questioning Drake's sensei 
evaluation of you? are infused 
to take the rank from him. No, 
he said, then stop whining. 
like absolutely not. Absolutely 
not. and then after that, then, 
Trager said, okay, I have um 
about a week before the other 
group comes and we're going to 
do our big 3 month expedition. 
Um if you're interested, uh I 
can take you to visit various 
teachers that I am interviewing 
photographs of uh and I can 
introduce them to you. Um 
people like Kim that does the 
Shaolin um uh the Phoenix I 
FMA, the guy that uses just 
this knuckle, the combat tight 
here. Is that you? Is that me? 
That I think it's you. Yeah. 
That'll that'll go to 
voicemail. Hang on a second. Um 
okay, let's see. 
Anyway, so we had a chance to 
go and visit all these um 
including uh master uh Rahman 
of of of um and that was that 
was an amazing thing. I made 
the mistake of asking, do you 
have a joint locks? and so 
they're here pictures of being 
totally pretzels out by him and 
the guy that's taking the 
pictures is John Rader. Oh my 
gosh. Hold on. Wait, wait, 
wait. Can you it? So, um 
anyway, in a way, it's it's a 
totally peak experience. I 
can't even imagine. I can't 
even imagine, you know, after 
seeing the Phoenix, I fist guy. 
uh we get taken to see mister 
Tom and a healer uh and mister 
Tom has a method of massage 
that like this. so says, do you 
have anything that's hurt? I 
said, yeah, my elbows kind of 
wrench. Uh so he's called 
mister Tom will work on you 
know, mister Tom has six 
fingers an your little finger 
that comes out like that and 
apparently, it's kind of a 
common thing that you see in 
Southeast Asia. Exactly. Is 
that right? No. Wow. Okay. and 
so, bam bam, bam bam and it's 
kind of it's kind of a right of 
passage where we take a lot of 
people there and have them work 
away. So it's like, oh no, it's 
great. Oh no, it's fine now. 
Yeah. yeah. It's it's great to 
know that he put the herbal 
plaster on and then he wrapped 
it in plastic and you know, you 
keep that on for days. So, and 
yeah, you're right. Feels 
better. It always feels better 
when they stop hitting you. 
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My god. I 
can't believe in all that's 
over. We go to the airport and 
I look at him and uh You know I 
can't. What do I say? Thank you 
and and uh it doesn't even come 
close to expressing what I'm 
feeling is like no words are 
necessary. He said, next time 
you'll come on the the big trip 
with us Uh and I said, okay, 
well, you know, I'm in the same 
situation as I was before. 
There's nobody teaching Shinzo 
to you Jitsu, right? When you 
go back right now, what do I 
do? What do you suggest to you? 
You need to find a weapon based 
system. Oh, hence the academy 
got me looking. Gotcha. Gotcha. 
Uh we got some more people 
here. We got Russell. Hey, we 
got Ramon, Guro Russell. Hey, 
my man Guro. and we got Frankie 
Frank, and we got Maestro. 
Alvin. Alright. Um so, this is 
incredible. Like when you know 
when all this is going on, like 
regardless of like, who is 
exposing you to the, you know, 
the camper and all this like, 
you know, you're at a young 
age. I'm just trying to think 
as far as like my perspective. 
um you know, like did you is 
just like how special this was 
or the greatness or the like 
where you're being exposed to. 
I mean, because I mean, I'm 
thinking at that age like I 
know I'd be like, wow, this is 
this is unbelievable but I 
don't know necessarily like 
that. I would have thought 
like, you know, you don't 
understand. This is incredibly 
unique. What's happening to her 
at this age? Were you able to 
II think? Yeah, there was um 
you know, always an awareness 
of that. Um you know, I didn't 
I didn't grow up as a Although 
I did serve for a couple of 
years but II think it's a good 
example would be surfing, you 
know, um most waves that you 
get are are pretty cool, you 
know, and they're like in and 
of themselves, it's great and 
sometimes you have a massive 
wipe out and sometimes you get 
hurt but most of the time 
you're having a pretty great 
time surfing each individually 
and whether it's you know, 
learning your basic movements 
or learning your counters or 
your first match or your first 
sparring or your first time you 
picked up a training or the 
first time you met this um 
instructor from another style, 
you know, and they're all super 
interesting, super unique, and 
um you know, it's just one of 
those kind of those zen moments 
where you're totally there and 
yeah. Oh, it's fantastic. Yeah. 
Wow. That's man. geez, geez, 
geez. Just let you know. Okay. 
I mean, let's you know, I got 
some questions from me from me 
and we're kind of this a 
biology and then we're going to 
jump on to grandma's but uh you 
know, that's not who I am. I 
mean, honestly, this guy 
obviously, you know, tremendous 
influence on you. You guys 
actually met and all that. What 
can you tell us about the man, 
the mentor to teacher which 
ultimately became your friend? 
I mean, and the second part of 
the question is what are did 
you train with him like kind of 
one on one now? now you're 
talking about Don Draper, I'm 
sorry, I guess. correct. Sorry. 
Yeah. so the art um that I 
learned and trained um was 
Shins jiu jitsu. That that was 
it. Um I remember when II was 
there in Malaysia. I asked him, 
you know, would you throw me 
around because I wanted to see 
what it was like to take uh a 
few of judo throws from him and 
so we did that on the grass and 
and he's like, Tommy, he says, 
he said, be careful of judo. Um 
it's only going to get you hurt 
and and you know, a lot of you 
guys their knees on their 
shoulders, you to and from age 
eight. uh and uh But yeah, it 
was it was the job and that was 
an amazing um. Okay. Okay. 
You're telling me that in four 
and four foot, am I correct? 
Yeah. four foot staff. Mm hmm. 
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Slightly 
longer than the sword. If the 
swords like three feet, you 
know, the Joe's a little bit 
longer, gives you a little bit 
of extension on the sorority. 
Okay. Okay. Wow. And with Kata, 
there's no sparring. It's all 
prearranged movements, 
prearranged movements. Okay. 
Okay. And then, What about the, 
I mean, what do you think about 
the man again? I mean, 
honestly, he he had an affinity 
for you. I mean, you know, he 
just didn't write you back and 
he actually saw something in 
you so we can you just tell us 
about him and like as a man, 
your friend, your teacher, I 
mean, you know, here's what 
III. think it was Um he 
responded to anybody that was a 
sincere seeker at the martial 
Arts You know, you were sincere 
and and you were wanting to 
actually learn and and and do 
it correctly. he would help you 
and this happens when you're 
here, you're going to hear the 
story time and time again with 
people that that met him that 
um maybe lived in the what's 
called the Gaia House which was 
uh a house in Tokyo where uh 
rented the big house and then 
had individual rooms and he 
rented out um individual rooms 
to various um martial artists 
that wanted to come to Japan um 
and uh uh he he just helped 
you. you know, he pointed the 
way he made introductions Um he 
took you to Sophia University 
to help you get signed up, you 
know, for classes. Um he would 
he would go to the dojo and 
make sure you got in there and 
and and all the while still 
doing his thing. You know, he's 
he's writing his books. Um he's 
writing articles for Judo 
Magazine and uh he's preparing 
to do his his uh expeditions. 
He's paying out of his own 
pocket for students at his to 
go on his expeditions with him 
because all martial artists are 
poor. you know, Um so a very a 
very giving guy. Also very 
private. You will hear that 
from most people that interact 
with him. he didn't talk about 
a lot of his personal life and 
um so the few personal stories 
that I've been able to get in 
some of these letters to Hayes 
um and also um in these audio 
tapes are really revealing very 
interesting. for those people 
that are interested in god. 
What what was it like to travel 
with donor on expeditions? Um 
just recently in the last month 
or so, Liam Keely LIAM KEELY, 
Liam Keely uh is a halo and uh 
he was on the 1979 Expedition 
and he he found his notes from 
the journal um and uh at my I 
said, could you share that? 
Because nobody that has been on 
this longer Um expeditions has 
written about it and published 
it and he's done that just 
recently in the last month. 
He's been he's been releasing 
this out there. Okay. Yeah. 
Yeah. And uh just in this last 
post, it was talking about how 
they got potentially poisoned 
and how everybody got sick So, 
there's that but but the other 
part and I think this is very 
important for people. If they 
want to make a note, it's 
called the Journal of Combative 
Sport, the Journal of Combat 
Sport Journal of Combative 
Sport. If you just type that in 
a guy named Joseph Smith, uh a 
judo historian and and martial 
arts historian has created this 
and you would look under 
something called the great 
Enablers and under that 
section, there'll be letters 
from Don Draper and It needs 
our letters that have been 
published by Don Rager to 
Robert W Smith. and which was 
the co-author of Asian fighting 
groups. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, 
the letters is this section of 
letters is called on Safari 
sore while he's on expeditions 
is sending Aero grams Uh uh uh 
Robert Smith. from from 
Indonesia, from Java, from 
Sumatra, you wouldn't believe 
who we met today. The 
incredible five, you know, but 
Chris is amazing. So, that's 
probably the closest that 
people are going to get to 
being able to follow along. uh 
while he's on expedition. So, I 
highly recommend that. Wow, I 
got a question here from uh 
Elrich and uh his question is 
find was uh donor's ideas 
around apology during the year, 
you corresponded with him. 
Here's this question. Okay? So, 
um 
I also developed a relationship 
of writing relationship with 
his co author of the future 
textbook, Um a gentleman named 
Richard Hayes. uh Dick Hayes 
wrote to me um after he wrote 
to Don Draper asking about 
small circle Jiu Jitsu because 
this is just one small circle 
jiujitsu was being kind of 
revealed and talking about 
small circles and smaller and 
smaller that and so Hayes Road 
to and said, you know what's 
up? And if you change one 
thing, you gotta change the 
other. Traeger writes him back 
and says, 
I have a a good friend that 
lives in Los Angeles. Mike 
Belzer. He is an instructor of 
that style. also known as Coded 
Con jiujitsu. Here's his 
contact information. Contact 
him. I'm sure he can help you. 
So, this is uh I'm getting this 
letter. Um you know, when I'm 
like, I don't know, 2021. 
Alright, 21 years old. I get 
the letter and it's like dear 
mister Belzer, Andre, you 
suggested I write to you. 
Here's the thing. Um small 
circles and stepping and 
shifting and sting and one 
thing will change this. You 
gotta change others. I have no 
idea what he's talking about. 
None. I write him back. Dear 
mister Hayes, thank you for 
your letter of blah blah blah. 
I don't know what you're 
talking about. Could you start 
from the beginning and please 
give me more context like 
Belzer, He writes me to all 
handwritten by the way. 
These are the kinds of letters. 
These are the kinds of letters 
that he would write handwritten 
and in this entire box is full 
of letters. from Richard 
Haynes. So, he went back. He 
goes, this is perfect. He says, 
Jeremiah first, there was the 
big bag then the universe was 
born. Oh my gosh. And it wasn't 
a joke. He said he took me 
through the stone age. The the 
the rise of hunter gatherers uh 
the bronze uh you know, the the 
rise of cities, you know, Okay. 
So anyway, that that started 
that and then he would be 
writing multiple letters to me 
a week. I would be responding 
back multiple questions. The 
the backstory on this person um 
is that out of 
experiences in Korea. He felt 
that he was affected maybe 
through some sort of gas 
attack, mustard gas, something 
that became a universal 
reactor. He was allergic to 
everything. He was not quite a 
bubble boy but he was reactive 
to everything and so he really 
couldn't leave his his 
apartment. He was married to a 
Japanese woman but even she 
didn't live with him. She lived 
next door with her elderly 
mother and they provided food 
for him and and all he was able 
to do is read think write, 
write two authors ask 
questions, and they would write 
them back. So, that's how we 
got the thing with Trager. So, 
he asked some questions, wrote 
him back, Um you know, your 
questions are detailed. I'm 
it's too much to go into in a 
letter. I'm preparing uh to 
write future books. Please stay 
tuned. is back and forth is 
Gregor has become so impressed 
with the way hay is 
conceptualize things and 
presenting concept and 
presenting ideas Now, Greg is, 
you know what? Uh the the way 
you are approaching this is so 
impressive to me. I would like 
to invite you to be a coauthor 
was co authors with lots of 
people, okay? I think that you 
have some some very important 
concepts and ideas to bring to 
this Eventually, it got to that 
and seventy-nine, they were 
really working on identifying 
what they called the eight 
traits of combative behavior 
and so those are things that 
was aware of through the call 
to you. Things like stance, 
things like um I keep being 
able to be synchronous uh blend 
with people a go to hard and 
soft Uh I vocal. Uh uh is the 
stance uh intuition and and and 
and meditation. um things like 
that. So, eight traits trying 
to to uh identify them. They're 
trying to take them out of the 
Japanese wording and make them 
more universal so that it's not 
it's not it's not Japanese 
martial arts. It's it's a it's 
a worldwide universal way of 
analyzing and classifying all 
flights from all styles. So, 
they were in the process of of 
getting all that together and 
that was in 7980. They were 
still working on it but now, 
he's starting to fail. um at my 
Eighty-two, it was over. Yeah. 
And during that time, they had 
established the International 
Hop Research Center Um It was a 
core group of people that were 
working with him and helping 
him do that. Hunter Armstrong, 
Dave Hall, Larry Gui, uh Mike 
Skaggs, uh Liam Keely, uh uh uh 
other other people. I was, I 
was not part of that Japan core 
group. I was part of it was 
outside. You know, I'm the 
California guy. There's the 
there's the Swiss guy. there's 
this guy. individual things. uh 
and then eventually Draper 
died. Hunter Armstrong and Dave 
Hall really were the two that 
that took it forward as much as 
possible and and you know, 
everybody else was support as 
much as possible but you know, 
then people are growing more. 
They're being married. They've 
got families. You gotta make 
sure. Yeah, I know. people and 
um so now, there are very few 
people that are really able to 
continue uh the donor style and 
now there's another generation 
of people that are interested 
in apology. Uh Doctor Michael 
Ryan, Maia, um other people 
that are inspired by Don Rager. 
Um I'm working with Mahi 
transmitting information. Let 
me let me just show you this. 
Hey, Darren. Okay, we show and 
tell. So, right. 
This is the book out of the 
outtakes. This is called 
apology Theoretical. Okay And 
what these are these are 
letters that that Hayes wrote 
to me and this is after died. 
He said, my, I don't know where 
all the letters that I wrote to 
donor are but my health is in 
question. uh because he's this 
universal reactor. My health is 
in question. I'm going to 
transmit all the information to 
you Um I'm going to send you 
all of the audio tapes for 
safekeeping. I'm going to send 
you all of his letters to me 
and I'm now prepare yourself 
going to write to you about all 
the categories. The categories 
are the innate adaptive traits, 
the Gs, the Gs, the low land, 
the Midland, the means, and the 
playtime Matrix architecture 
scholarship, and field notes. 
So, over many months, he's 
writing, I have to take the 
handwritten letters, highlight 
them with different colors, 
different categories, take 
them, them to the secretary 
who's on the word processor. 
She puts them into the 
different categories, gives 
them back to me, send them to 
him, cross out hand, right 
Arrows, diagrams, send it back 
to her and eventually get to 
this to get to that. Wow. Yeah. 
If if I it to you or send it to 
somebody if somebody was 
reading it, you know, I might 
be kind of interesting but it's 
it it really we really have to 
talk about it. You have to put 
it into context. You have to 
kind of talk about what's 
happening at that time, who is 
doing what before it starts to 
make sense. The the the guts of 
hop they said were the I AM at 
the Innate uh adaptive traits. 
That's what we're genetically 
born with. You know, your 
ability control Your fear 
response is genetically 
determined. um and and you're 
yours might be higher than 
mine. Mine might be a little 
bit lower. Okay, I might be 
more reactive to the fear 
response. Okay, Your ability to 
vocalize your ability to use 
your intuition and your your 
judgment in a life and death 
threatening situation. That's 
what it's all about. Um it 
genetically we're all, it's the 
role of the day. Okay. But and 
Drake was very um uh adamant 
about this. Yes, it's genetic 
but through training, you can 
greatly enhance whatever 
genetic marker you might have 
and and he said between the the 
the untrained genetic guy and 
and the the highly trained, you 
know, low genetic guy, I'll 
take the highly trained guy any 
day of the week So, he felt 
that although jeans, you know, 
of course he's going to be play 
a role. Yeah. yeah. Training is 
ideal, right now. after all of 
this. this little booklet 
called the Pith Adaptive 
Traits. I've been fighting, 
man. Um synthesize the the 
different traits, the eight 
traits 
the steadfast mind in pretrial 
mind. the cognitive intuitive 
trait, the vocal trait, the 
omnipotent trait, the abdominal 
trait, the vocal trait for 
yielding this incre trait, 
okay? So, this is what it all 
came down to for the guts of 
apology these these traits. So, 
the idea is that if you're out 
there looking at a system, you 
should be able to identify. Uh 
I see good in the Japanese Be 
good or or good. Uh steadfast 
mind or good no mind in in the 
Filipino uh illustrations 
concept Do that kind of mirror 
like state of mind. That's what 
it is. Okay? So there it is III 
just identified it, you know, 
alright. You know, the ability 
to flow, the ability to apply 
power. Um but look, you know, 
he's intuitively responding. so 
so You're knowing what to look 
for rather than just. Oh wow. 
Very flowery. Very cool. You 
know, that that kind of thing. 
Interesting. Wow. Wow. Wow. 
Wow. So, what um So, here's 
another question. Um I'm right 
here and then uh is the the 
trips to Indonesia and the 
other areas, You know, what do 
you think his opinions would be 
about the difference? You know, 
as far as a teaching message 
and a lot of parts of the 
world, you know, well, he was 
spending a lot of time in 
Indonesia, Southeast Asia, 
Malaysia, Java, Sumatra, um all 
over because he felt that many 
of those style especially with 
the tribal groups that he met. 
We're still in use and he said, 
you know, people are still in 
there. Okay? I think these 
weapons, they're still using 
them. Um so, there's a level of 
reality that's been there. He 
also said, look, we have to 
document it. We have to uh 
preserve it because you know, 
in twenty or 30 years, it might 
be gone. Yeah. So very um 
anthropological and 
archaeological in that type of 
research idea Um and he was 
very impressed with the system. 
I know he was interviewed on a 
radio show in Hawaii while he 
was there doing these Japanese 
um uh uh culture classes that 
the Marshall Culture classes 
and and one of the questions 
was, you know, what art would 
you think would be good for 
self defense and he he said he 
Oxy lot would be excellent for 
self defense. Yeah and so here 
we've got a guy that's you know 
616292 hundred pounds The the 
guys that he's beating with or 
you know, they're going to be 
coming up to here on him. You 
know, you can be polite as 
you're having somebody show you 
stuff and still not think that 
much about it. You know, you 
you can be polite. Um you don't 
have to be disrespectful about 
it um but you have your own 
opinions about what is good or 
what it will work or what would 
be effective but for donor, you 
know, judo man uh to be 
impressed with the techniques 
of Pinoy Lot and and and other 
arts that are connected to that 
That said to me. Plus, he was 
preparing a three volume set of 
of books on Southeast Asian 
Fighting Arts. So, one of the 
books that a lot of people are 
familiar with is weapons and 
fighting Arts of the Indonesian 
right? So, so this would be 
like the the introduction, you 
know, but he was preparing 
three more books of that that 
it was going to be his his 
Magna Opus You know, so, 
Just just awesome. Yeah, I 
know. That's incredible That um 
so you know what? Yeah. Okay. 
You know, to Chris, everything. 
Wow. 
Alright. So, it gets. Okay. 
like you've mentioned before. 
Um there are the they're 
gathering. They get fed. 
questionable to or. Yeah. Yeah. 
Um himself said to um Dick 
Hayes, I think we were poisoned 
I think they may have stuck 
feces in our food. Uh um 
another another idea that I 
just read from one of Liam 
Kee's post is that there may 
have been some residue from a 
bamboo. um that was stuck into 
their food and that causes 
irritation in your intestines 
and anemic dysentery from 
something. and according to Dr, 
they all ended up in the 
hospital. They were very sick. 
Um they had to have 6 weeks of 
antibiotics and um everybody 
recovered uh but but just 
started to there. I don't know. 
He had very difficult problems 
with circulation in his legs 
for for a long time uh but then 
I think it was his left foot 
got really swollen. uh and so 
he had to have surgery on that. 
Um but I just in this uh an 
Email from Liam, it turns out 
that they he went on another 
maybe even two other 
expeditions after 79. I had 
seventy-nine. It was over Um 
we're going to see you 
tomorrow. um to one in India in 
1980 and even one in 1981 and I 
didn't know that it's all Wow. 
So, I mean, so, I mean, why is 
unfortunate decline? but you 
still pretty much regularly in 
touch with them or? Yeah, I let 
her by letter. of course. Yeah, 
of course. and and and you 
know, I mean, remember how many 
letters does he have to respond 
to Oh, know I mean, he's not 
just getting from you. I mean 
back then the mode of 
communication. I mean, right I 
just think about the fact that 
I'm getting any letters at all. 
I know You know, obviously, he 
saw something in you. I mean, 
there's no way to deny that. I 
mean, yeah, Which is of course, 
they're there may have been, 
you know, some um you know, 
father son type of thing. Yeah. 
There was definitely something. 
Sure. Sure. I felt that you 
know, um and but I just have to 
share that. I know many many 
people that have had that same 
experience with the same energy 
into so many people that's just 
going on and that's that's what 
I try to do. You know, somebody 
something. What do you need? 
Yeah, I know you're going to 
follow like what he gave to 
you. Let's show some uh I'm 
going to pull up some pics I 
mean, what do you send me was 
was incredible. Um so, let's 
just show the folks um you 
know, and uh yeah, we can see 
here I'll look for my favorite 
photo of Don Draper. Sure. So, 
we got here. Let's see. Uh 
Alright. Alright. here we go. 
This is a good one. Okay. So 
that was in Malaysia at the at 
the camp. Yeah, it was in the 
at the camp. and uh yeah, there 
you go. I'm I'm 2222 II. Just 
unbelievable. The age you were, 
you weren't experiencing on now 
at that same camp. I got this 
picture of him. Check this out. 
Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I 
have. I have. Okay, you send me 
that as well. Yeah. Okay. So, 
this this kid is 9 years old. 
Okay. and his name is Peanut. 
That's his nickname. I have to 
go practice with Peanut. Now, I 
don't know if you can see but 
Drake's face looks pretty 
serious and he is draining with 
this kid just like he would 
train with an adult, right? And 
it's obvious that Traeger is a 
little off balance here. He's 
allowed to take off balance 
This technique is all toddy. 
It's a it's a we get it's 
called the Atari. It's a double 
fist bump like that. Um so, 
he's working with the the young 
boy to give him the perfect 
resistance so he can recreate 
the technique and um here's 
here's another picture training 
with this is the guy. Where am 
I with Corona? Oh yeah. Yeah. I 
have no idea to go in Malaysia. 
So now Drake's on the and you 
can see that he's using the 
flat of his left hand to 
support the sword. Making sure 
he doesn't grab the edge. 
I got. this is a picture of 
him. Airborne. Uh this is 
pulling the sword out and and 
cutting uh this this we don't 
know who took this picture. It 
looks to me like it was taken 
in Malaysia Now, this comes 
from a crouch. Um I don't know 
if you can see this from here. 
It's kind of like this this 
crouch. Okay. Okay. And he 
leaps up. like that and pulls 
the sword out. You pull and 
draws. Okay. So that's an area. 
How would you like that coming 
at you? Uh no. Can you um Guro 
Mike, can you see the picture I 
put up here? Yes. Okay, that's 
a great one. That's the Quesada 
Yama. Okay, that's Quesada 
Gama. That's the one that I 
told you about. I saw 
demonstrate with. Yeah. Yes. 
Yeah. You know and and so you 
can see his That's the type of 
intensity that he would have 
when he would be working with 
you. So, you better be on your 
game. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. 
Now, when I was in Hawaii in 
1980, I went I went there to um 
to go to the Bishop Museum. He 
was going to be in Hawaii. So I 
wanted to see him Uh this is 
the last time I saw him alive 
and this is the picture that I 
took 
and yes and you tell me that as 
well. Yeah. Yeah. So, the 
caption I have for that this is 
and you can see he's holding 
the Joe the right down at the 
bottom. The caption I have for 
that in my mind is always, I'm 
ready. Are you Yeah. Wow. So, 
so the journey's because we're 
going to jump into uh infamous 
trip to uh Todo but before we 
um now during this time, we're 
going back like um I mean 
you're you're you're just 
you're trying to practice 
whomever and all that what led 
to what led to the trip to the 
Philippines. I mean, you're 
still in touch like now this is 
still when you're with you know 
master Gregor and uh here's 
here's just another little side 
story about donor. Okay, sure. 
Um He was in a lot of pain in 
this particular time. uh to 
other pain. Uh he was allergic 
to painkillers He couldn't take 
painkillers So you can't take 
no and there's AA story that I 
was told by Corona in in 
Malaysia that at one point when 
he was in Malaysia, a student 
slammed a car door on his hand 
and almost took off his little 
finger So, he went to the 
emergency room. The doctor 
said, we're going to have to 
take it off. said no, I can't 
allow that. I need it for the 
sword because the sword is held 
more with the more than he 
brings the Um you gotta you 
gotta say the finger. So they 
sewed it back on. Did that and 
he's like, okay, I'm going to, 
I'm going to shoot you a full 
of whatever and was like, you 
you can't do that. I'm deathly 
allergic. Just do it. 
Yeah, absolutely. So, it's 
tough. It's that kind of guy. 
in in in in Japan, in his 
apartment. No air conditioning. 
no heat. He said he lived by 
the seasons. So, in the winter, 
he said, I get my heat from 
boiling a little tea and from 
my seventy watt light bulb and 
in the summer when it's hot and 
muggy, he's got the fan going. 
and and when the first training 
of the year is happening with 
do they go out barefoot in the 
snow? So, that's that's the 
level. Yeah. Yeah. We're we're 
just talking about a different 
breed. right? So, um I always 
wanted to do the 3 Month 
expedition, you know, and and 
I've been introduced to hot II 
have an understanding of of you 
know, what to do. I uh I am 
going, I want to do this. How 
am I going to do this? I get 
invited by another student of 
donor uh a guy who's very 
involved. He's at the 
University of Hawaii. Um a guy 
named Pat Weinberger and he 
said, hey, Mike. Uh I'm in 
Singapore right now and I've 
got the opportunity to crew on 
a sail sailboat that's going to 
go to Hawaii but we're going to 
sail through um uh a bunch of 
different islands in the South 
Pacific and if you want, you 
can come over you crew on the 
boat with us and every island 
we go to. we will see what we 
can find with apology you know, 
it'll probably be like a 3 
month deal like Okay, I'm going 
to do it. So, III, do whatever 
I need to do in my personal 
life to make that happen. Uh 
and II get the backpack and I 
get the medical stuff and I get 
to this and I get all that and 
I get my shots and the visas I 
go first to the Philippines and 
and I that's where I spend just 
1 week. Okay. And that's where 
I met Roberto first and that's 
how I got Lucille's and then 
after a week time to go to 
Singapore See you all later. 
So, I go to Singapore and it 
turns out that there there 
there's just a massive delay. I 
spend a month or nothing's 
happening. The owners of the 
boat can't get it together and 
after a while, I have to go. 
You know what? I only have like 
so much time and I need to get 
out of here. So, I'm going to 
go back to the Philippines and 
I'm going to see if I can hook 
up with the illustrations group 
and take it from there and 
that's what So, the first week 
when you were there, uh you 
know, before you went to that, 
like, what was that first? 
Like, I mean, I know Roberto 
Morales introduced you to him 
and all that but like how like 
how do you know they introduce 
you to him, Right? Well, again, 
fantastic luck. you know, going 
in with, you know what's not 
lucky dog. You're lucky you 
know it's just you know, what 
can I say? It's just fantastic. 
Look, uh I went Um you know, I 
took the flight Korean 
Airlines. I got out of Manila 
Airport, just a wild and wacky 
airport. You know III had had 
good experience going to YMCA 
as and being able to live at 
the Residential YMCA's very 
basic type of that with Dr. and 
and you know, just if when in 
doubt you go to the Ymca, 
you'll be you'll be good. you 
know, so that's what I did and 
I have my backpack and I got 
off the bus and II went to the 
um front desk and there was 
there was a dude, you know, 
leaning against the the the 
counter just kind of watching 
people and II got the the 
glance and on the side of my 
pack, I had two rats strapped 
to the pack. It's like, hey, 
you know, where are you from? 
And I said, I'm I'm from the US 
and I came to study Filipino 
martial arts just like that and 
he goes, I practice our niece 
that he said I can take you to 
my teacher. Um he he known in 
the Philippines and and I said, 
okay. so like we can 15 
minutes. You know, it's like 
we're ready to go and I had to 
figure out. Alright, let's see. 
I got my backpack. I got all my 
money. I got my passport. Um 
what am I doing? Uh am I taking 
all this stuff and going with 
this guy? No, Um I don't know. 
Uh I'm going to get the room. 
I'll put it in the room but you 
know, they pair you up with 
people, you know, fellow 
travelers. So, I don't know who 
my fellow travelers, I leave 
the backpack there. I leave the 
passport there. I didn't know 
to ask the front desk. Do you 
guys have a safe that I can 
leave these things? Are you? I 
didn't know. So, I just left it 
in there. Take all my money 
with me. So now we go um and 
we're walking from the Manila 
YMCA into Todo tone. It would 
be like if I get off the bus 
here in Downtown LA. Um some 
dude is watching me. He goes, 
what's up, man? Oh, I came here 
to learn a hip hop. Uh no 
problem. I can take you to my 
god. Yeah. I can take you down 
the alley to my uh DJ mixer mix 
a lot and then. yeah. you know 
and you have to be when you're 
walking in the South Central 
The good news is I didn't have 
any bad feeling. Um my Spidey 
senses was not activated. We 
were talking back and forth but 
it was getting more and more 
basic. you know, corrugated 
roofs I was getting. It's 
getting a little more 
interesting alleyways and you 
know, roosters and all sorts 
and he's he's nodding people. 
Hey, how you doing? And I'm 
realizing that really at any 
point, you can just take out a 
come here and you know, um but 
no problem. You know, we we 
come into this open area. It's 
like a basketball court area. 
It's like you know, father, 
father, or uncle, uncle, um 
illustrations and what pops out 
um and I just this guy's from 
America. He came to learn 
You're a uh and like, okay, 
come on in. So, we'll go in and 
um you know, very very tight 
quarters uh couple of couple of 
different bunk beds. Uh he 
lived there with his wife and 
two other people Uh he pulls a 
pipe off out of the ceiling 
like that and and There's 
pictures in the article that I 
wrote and the pipe has two 
metal fillers on the end. like 
like, you know, just pieces of 
metal wire. Um so, he goes, I 
attack you defend. So, he gives 
me an angle one II block and 
the fillers are in my eyes and 
I'm an angle two, I block. he 
goes the fields around my eyes 
and just like he just laughs my 
special weapons for combat. 
It's like god but you know 
what's interesting here is you 
made a general query that you 
want to go train but you had no 
idea that you're going to be 
doing meeting him or doing. K. 
You just don't know II. had no 
idea who he who he was other 
than. Okay, okay, right. Yeah. 
And um Roberto had told me as 
we're walking, you know, 
illustrations. it is um He is 
known all through the 
Philippines. He has a fierce 
reputation and and he has been 
in those death matches. Yeah. 
Yeah. We've all heard about him 
but but he's he's I'm taking 
you to somebody that's actually 
been in those uh did you um now 
did you have any exposure to 
you know with the KI plan and 
when um I'm sorry the KI 
infusion rather than this from 
uh from GM Marino from did you 
ever see that from Dan? So you 
I'm willing to is you didn't 
even hear the name of the 
streets from up to this point. 
No, no, not really. Um we saw 
his picture up on the wall 
along with many pictures. Yeah. 
Um the name. So when he said 
illustrations, I was like, 
okay, I, that name is familiar. 
It doesn't sound like the the 
most uh common name in the 
Philippines. Gotcha. You know, 
so I'm thinking that maybe 
there's some relationship but 
III really didn't know I didn't 
have any letter of 
recommendation from Dan and 
that's what I mean like that's 
why I'm giving you so much 
credit like you just got off 
there you guys. Hey, I got this 
guy who it will show you and 
you're just like, yeah. yeah 
and and and so um he said um to 
Robert he said so um let's have 
you attack uh have have Mike 
defend. I just want to see him 
move. So he did that and I you 
know, showed whatever I could 
do and so they spoke together 
and Robert said um uh says your 
moves are beautiful. Um it is 
but it's not our style. Uh if 
you'd like to come in and 
practice with us, you're 
invited and we practice Park 
every morning at seven and 
we'll be there tomorrow. which 
is she's very very nice of him. 
Yeah. geez. So, alright. So you 
you're on, you're going to the 
park. Um right and this is for 
the first week because first 
week, first week, when every 
day and um couple of hours and 
and it's very laid back. You 
know, it's not like, okay, 
everybody lined up. Salute. No. 
Um it's people are coming and 
going uh maybe a little bit 
before work. Um you know, just 
different people. Uh oh would 
work with Tony Diego. That was 
his senior guy. um and and 
maybe they'd spar a little bit 
you know and and then Tony 
would go, oh you know, you just 
did this. What is that? You 
know, so then illustration 
would talk about it. There was 
uh a movement that we used a 
lot. that looked First of all, 
I know. I know expert in the 
illustration of style. You 
know, I just, I travel with 
him. I learn what I can learn 
but a movement that they did a 
lot was this, this this leg 
getaway and and a flip like 
that. So, there's quite a bit 
by illustration and his 
students when they were 
sparring and and that that was 
unique. I had not seen that 
before. Um it's a lot he used 
the that was his favorite in 
training. We use sticks um and 
and he was a big thruster You 
know, um he he was he was 
always using the thrust and 
this one, this one was really 
terrible. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like 
that. It's very hard to see and 
really hard to defend against 
um and I'm sorry just for the 
just for the folks Mike in this 
uh just about what you're what 
year is this about? Uh nineteen 
8585 and uh and and but when I 
met him the information I got 
from Tony Diego was that he was 
Seventy-two uh just last week. 
Uh you know, 
my Luna doctor Michael Ryan and 
Romeo Romeo said, no, he was 
closer to 82. Yeah. Right. 
Because I mean, yeah, yeah. 
eight, right? Yeah. Yeah. 
Because I think um and I don't 
call me on this. I'm I'm not 
something I'm sure he will 
correct me or they'll be 
probably ten people like uh I 
think 
7576. And I think he was in his 
early 70s and or something. So, 
how is it man? So, that week, 
um like that must have been 
incredible, huh? I mean, it's 
just it's incredible. It really 
was. It it was not like I said, 
it wasn't formalized. It wasn't 
like line up. Okay. Warm ups. 
Okay. Now, we do our basics. 
Now, we're going to do it. No, 
it wasn't that it was just um 
you two play together. Uh let 
me look uh okay. you know, go 
for the legs, do this, you 
know, illustration. Simone's 
method was not systematized 
when I was Yeah, that's right. 
But yeah, as a matter of fact, 
I on our trip when I started 
traveling with and we talked a 
lot about, hey, you know, let's 
bring you to the United States 
um and let's have you do 
seminars uh but we have to 
system a tough this you know, 
you just go there and you just 
swing at me. It doesn't work as 
the academy you know, it's 
gotta go from one to the next 
one. It has to pass Steve Grote 
test. Sorry. Brody's. Let them 
test That's right. Yeah. You 
know, Um so and and again, it 
was taught in a very familiar 
way, you know, a small group of 
people, not a big group, you 
know, can you imagine if you 
had like 2030 guys all trying 
to follow along and do this 
stuff now, that's a disaster. 
So, I mean like so obviously, 
Tony yourself, some of the 
other Yeah. Ricketts. Ricketts. 
You know, uh professor Rickets 
was not there when I was there. 
Uh Rig was not there when I was 
there. but I know you're okay 
because he didn't move to the 
states until the 90s PG Edgar 
moved late. 80s. Okay. 
I didn't see them. No, it's 
incredible that you just even 
got to move around with them. I 
mean. Oh, yeah. Yeah. they are 
not to the 90s, right? Well, 
Mark Wiley's book came out and 
a bunch of people flooded over 
there to go train. I mean, you 
like I said and illustrations, 
he he could still move really 
well, you know, and if you 
started to to rev up the speed, 
you know, he he go, whoa whoa, 
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, 
Whoa. Whoa. Getting hit. Wow. 
Here's um so Guro Mike, I do 
this with all of my guests when 
I reached the hour and a half 
mark and and I know there's 
kind of substantial content 
left. Yeah. I always give them 
the option for part two and I 
definitely looted man with you 
that there was a pretty good 
chance that we would be looking 
at part two. So, we're the 
first week in the Philippines. 
We we've got months to go Well, 
we got on this during the week. 
Um some other questions. Um 
what's your I did II really 
don't want to wait long. Like 
what? Just generally speaking, 
what you got going on like over 
the weekend? Uh let's see. The 
book of life. The book of life. 
Uh uh Sunday morning is pretty 
good. So, send more. Let me 
just, I'm going to look at my 
schedule. So, Sunday, Okay. 
Okay. Alright. So, you know 
what? Saturday, 
I could be back here again for 
another 4 o'clock. If there 
they would work. I tell you 
that my Saturday night is 
Saturday night would look well 
that's fine. Yeah. Um I'm I'm 
I'm I just know when I'm 
finding out just an audience 
perspective that hour and a 
half is it and then for the 
YouTube downloads like just 
from feedback as far as when 
people kind of just totally So, 
this Saturday, 7 PM 4 PM for 
you. That would, that would be 
wonderful. Okay? Um yeah, this 
is bad but I'm telling you, 
I've this has been absolutely 
phenomenal and you know what? 
Like you said because all the 
islands that you've been in 
that, you know, and you're 
camping trip there with I found 
my journals. Oh my god. 
systems, illustrations. modern 
dos, tres, personas, the 
unknown style Um it's Pedro 
Modesto, Mindanao, La Puente, 
You know, 
it's like going back 
into time. I haven't looked at 
beans for decades. I have a 
feeling part two is going to be 
a blockbuster. Um you know 
what? You were one of the see, 
I knew it. I had a feeling you 
were probably one of the first 
Westerners with regards to K 
not FMA in general. Uh Russell 
here is saying that um indeed 
so that you are one of the very 
first foreigner, you know, 
because I know when Mark 
Wally's book came out that kind 
of what you, you know kind of 
created a flood gate over there 
but Eighty-five. Yeah You have 
to be So you're you are. you're 
in many aspects. you know, Wow. 
This has been absolutely 
wonderful but so I'm still 
going to download this. It'll 
just, it'll be it'll be 190. 
you know, part one and um uh 
I'm definitely going to do it 
and then um I'll definitely if 
you want me to share it to your 
wall, I can send it when it's 
all downloaded. I can send you 
a message to my wallet. That'd 
be great. That'd be great. 
Yeah. no one 100%. Yeah. So you 
love people who can share their 
no issues. Yeah. no issues. 
Yeah. no privacy. Okay. Yeah. 
Some people. Okay. Um what the 
way down and I'll post it there 
but uh this has been absolutely 
wonderful. The comments alone 
speak for themselves. So, part 
two folks uh is we're going to 
get into the all the all those 
island island hopping. Um you 
those two, you know, I guess 
the three amigos or the three 
the other two um three amigos 
in different ways. Yeah and 
then you have those two 
escorting you. you know they 
they they wouldn't have it. 
You're going alone. They were 
they were escorting you. That's 
Alright, sir. I'd appreciate it 
so much that you're willing to 
come back so soon for part two, 
No problem. See you later. 
Thank you. Okay, buh bye. 
Part two is going to be uh 
pretty special. So, yeah, part 
two uh Saturday uh 7 o'clock 
Eastern Time. 4 PM. If you're 
in Pacific Time and if you're 
in the Philippines, it will be 
Sunday at 7 o'clock in the 
morning. Hope I'm correct about 
that. I don't think there's 
been a time change or anything 
but anyway, uh if you got 
questions uh regarding part 
two, uh please feel free to PM 
me and I will add them to the 
existing list of exist months. 
Um who submits some great 
questions but uh alright. thank 
you for all those who uh uh 
commented and launched and uh 
submitted questions and um if 
you haven't already, um 
subscribe to FM A discussion. 
We can see this interview with 
another great ones and I'll see 
you all Saturday. 
