don't snort it hello everyone today we
are doing a snack swap hi I'm Tony I'm
representing the Philippines
hey y'all - girl Bri and I'm
mexican-american and I'm representing
some Mexican snacks today
hey I'm Tresca and I grew up in the
Philippines I'm Maya I'm representing
meheeco obviously a mexican-american
I've never tried Filipino snacks before
I'm really excited to try the Mexican
snacks I do know that Filipinos and
Mexicans specifically have very similar
colonizers I'm pretty familiar with some
Mexican snacks I grew up in San Diego I
used to live in Bakersfield California
shout out bake Oh there's a lot of
Filipinos that live there but I've never
tried any Filipino snacks ever in my
life I read the comments of the last
Mexican snack swap video you guys were
very pressed but I picked a bunch of
spicy snacks because yes I know we don't
have just spicy snacks so this palette
is more of a sweet chewy side let her
heat what she wants to eat thank you
[Music]
so what we have here is over its chalky
its powdery it's a dry snack they come
in a lot of flavors but we have like a I
saw that in Steven universe yeah okay
this is quintessential philippine flavor
so this is actually like a mexican style
of you heard of marzipan and so instead
of almonds it's made with peanuts there
are also lots of fun and it's kind of
like a little bit crumbly a little
crumbly texture oh yeah it's very
similar so we have a thing with this if
you open it and it breaks it means you
are a heartbreaker but it's like sweet
but like a dull so it's not too crazy
but it's very just don't be surprised
but a little texture no this one is more
like I feel pressured into open this
right now my heart itself has been
broken many times and so I don't want to
put that on anyone else okay pretty song
wow this is easy
oh it's covered in sugar all right your
turn well I break hearts though right oh
it tastes like a cookie
mmm my god this is very similar to a
snack from Sibley my dad from Cebu and
they have a snack that I forgot what
it's called but it's very similar to
this
they're real peanuts in here little dry
dry good yeah what's the original flavor
it's really just like vanilla II see
look how similar they are ours is a
little more smooth hmm
I feel like they taste the same doesn't
that oh I like this alive I definitely
would eat this again with like coffee or
tea
this is the I left up by like a
clown lollipop but it's like a
marshmallow eat chocolate has gummies on
it
sweet it's sweet okay but this is
actually a really important snack to me
because this is the candy in my life
that taught me how to catfish people
because if you look that is not what's
inside oh so that's a sweet corn I grew
up in the Philippines and then there
were vendors sometimes outside and I
would buy this all the time yeah it's
really more like a champ see why the
reveal I'm glad that you said it doesn't
look like this face because that scared
me so it's like a chocolate-covered
marshmallow thumbnail this is me on like
Instagram with my contour and like my
lip gloss on and this is me real life
with like my real number of chins
marshmallow inside chocolate outside wow
these are kind of like like also cheeto
puffs but without the cheese Wow
I love these it does taste like porn I
think is great for kids they just want
sweet stuff this is super good
maybe a little sucking on it to make it
like really like literally mix a little
spiky little spice a little bit make it
a limit Supino yeah mix up two snacks
woo snort this for fun down don't snort
it the gummy
well I like that mixture this needs more
gummies this mmm this was so freakin
good teamwork cultural exchange it just
hits the spot
this is really good I did enjoy a
combination of the gummies and the
chocolate in the marshmallow I just want
more gummy though this is called dueling
it's just strawberry in a little
chocolate actually no hazelnuts good
that mwah
these are the things that you get in the
pinata when they when you hit it and it
comes down this one is boy bomb it just
literally translates the boy garlic corn
eggs I'm excited about this this is my
favorite talking snack nutty things with
the garlic flavor I'm familiar with
nutty things that have the garlic flavor
to them my wife I'm gonna take I'm gonna
have both like this mmm
it's all that garlic oh my god Wow I do
like this at home
leave me alone you guys this is so good
oh my god I I'm a big garlic fan and I
love corn nuts and it's such a beautiful
strong flavor but it's also like not
overpowering this phase a row crunchy I
can't stop eating them once we put Lucas
on this
yeah yeah I'm a frickin genius I'm a
chef dueling dueling nobody I like it a
lot you imagine like long little trips
mm-hmm forever have like a little bit of
a party and like you know yeah and if
you don't want to get like too crazy but
this was for the kids man like really
like it's just all sugar what do you
think of my peoples snacks maybe you
guys love the sweetness and they're very
good I really love that what that cookie
name of did overall yeah that was real
delicious I would definitely eat it
again yeah you're going to snack we're
really really good I feel like there's a
lot of similarities within our culture
which I think it's cool yeah my favorite
is the marzipan because it also reminds
me a little bit of my dad's hometown all
right oh wait oh I had all the governors
I like the the Diwali
I would like buy a bunch of those in a
party
adios Pilon cultural exchanges euro
exchange
I didn't make it about the we can make
it back you want to
[Music]
