what how do you say about Bali
balut so look at that guys you want try
one
come on why not taste good
there's the head right there you see the
head don't try it guys
no baby cheat games so that was the
stand selling a lot a lot more route and
20 pesos and yeah you can eat yourself a
little baby chicken in a and you know
what they grow up on it so this normal
to them but I don't think it's very on
this episode of Tran something new we're
going to explore the beauty of Bohol see
the smallest monkeys in the world test
our luck on an eighty-year-old
suspension bridge drive through a
man-made forest and check out chocolate
hills we had a driver pick us up at her
hotel and show us around for the whole
day it was twenty five hundred pesos
which is equal to about fifty six US
dollars
we just got stuck the hill and here we
are we're going to do the stairs all the
way up to the top and you know chocolate
hills here we come whenever they top it
up here I'm ready get my workout in
I think I'm gonna die daddy got a chance
to experience what it's like Carrie
Ryder jr. mega very market you are a
rock star because I was harsh
hey guys what do you think of the
chocolate Hill do you like what do you
think right there are two reasons the
chocolate hills are called the chocolate
hills the first reason is everybody says
they look like Hershey Kisses and the
second reason is in the dry months all
the grass dries out and it looks like
chocolate recently the hills have been
nominated to be one of the seven wonders
of the world
UNESCO even declared these hills a world
heritage site and the government is
stepping in to develop the area for
everyone to enjoy
and just like that we're onto our next
adventure
I was driving a truck with Hills in the
rice field and notice all of these
little tarps out with the rice right and
our driver said that they they drive for
five days so they sit out here for five
days to drive so here's the rice right
here guys whenever I see these rice
fields I always wonder myself how much
energy and effort goes into growing and
harvesting the rice and how much money
can really be made off a bag of rice if
any of our viewers out there know
anybody in the rice game we would love
to have an experience and maybe even
make a video with the rice farmer and
see how the process works so if you do
know anybody comment down below and
maybe we can experience it and we saw
that there was a gym here fifty pesos
for the day I'm gonna get my first room
workout
hello
I'm here to work out thank you moving
here alright let's do it
got it done first they're working out in
a real gym Jimmy it's time to see the
smallest monkeys in the world monkey
time time to monkey around a sixty
pieces we took a dollar ten alright so
we finally made it to see the tarsier
monkey we've been waiting on this day
since we planned our trip to the
Philippines
so hopefully who doesn't let us down we
see the little time all right it says
the monkeys are this way I don't know
how we're gonna find them in this like
jungle cuz they're this big
do you guys see him yet
every time we see one sleeping and the
one actually looked at us with these big
eyes and then you want you to look right
at us
and right when I got my camera closed
his eyes right here it was like gremlins
oh my god I feel like a little kid
these are the cutest little things I've
ever seen really we Came we saw guitar
shared something that I loved about the
Philippines so far is that every
souvenir please
everything is so cheap this is my kind
of place cuz the kids you like get a
bunch of kids and set up and we're gonna
skip the gift shop this time
okay so here we are at alona beach we
can't really see the water yet because
the Sun is setting but it feels clean
and it says good defense what do you
think is he good good this thing I want
to be a billionaire so build so bad very
beautiful what do these guys what do you
think right it was I guess oh ok mommy
so cute that was so good
we just got serenaded by a little
Filipino boy who said I want to be a
billionaire so fuckin bad future Wow
no so well yes he gets it
we're driving through the man-made
forest and it is beautiful like this
it's like a canopy of trees coming over
the road it's pretty people all right we
Came we saw we man-made forest forested
what's the last spot I turned finally
get to go to gym
holy crap all and now that's what I call
a down and dirty work out 80 degrees out
100% humidity open-air gym the weights
are dirtiest and that was probably the
best workers ever had here we come
butterflies well guys here we are
oh the rumbling did you get
like a radio from now well if you like
this
the weather's gone bad we don't know
what to do
on the beach drizzles down
we just had a torrential downpour on the
beach that cleared out the entire beach
in about 30 seconds it's kind of cool
not the beach since it's ours we got off
the GoPro this Beach didn't have a
hundred people on it a second ago
everybody's helping neck all right next
we're going for the twin hanging bridge
you excited I think they're side-by-side
right so I saw something about this
hanging rich and it looks kind of
sketchy to think about the kids walking
across it I don't want them to call in
the water because then we have to jump
in to get them and I don't want to jump
in and get him
oh this is it guys
all right so we're here we just pulled
up and it looked kind of sketchy so
we're going to go check it out
before we pay certify Facebook used to
do
okay I'm gonna look to see if we're
gonna do it real quick with my wife
I gotta go poop give it a shot okay 70
pesos and like a dollar 50 all right
looks like we're gonna do it that's one
thing that I really like is that the
entry fees are really alike nothing and
I'm just so minimal like a box two bucks
makes it fun all right here we go
what's on the other side nobody knows my
guys we're good so there's two bridges
these guys over here are the real crazy
ones because they're building the bridge
in the middle of there why are we
walking in slow motion I don't know but
we are walking in slow motion Davis guy
cuz she's gonna start free guy please
don't do that okay what's wrong instead
what's making you scared that it's
moving all over the place you like it no
you don't like it that's too scary odds
not too bad not too bad are you scared
haha okay I think we're right about in
the middle now here guys
how do you feel guys tech yen are you
scared yeah everybody's low scared we've
bounced a little bit but I don't this
bridge over here is really scary it
looks like the original one
you think that's scary alright we made
it we made it sandy we made it we Came
we saw we cross the bridge what's on the
other side what's the motherland over
there
souvenirs all right so this is the blue
that is keeping the rider alive what is
it
Peter Brian's le he will not really
anything else pizza is normally of
something he'll do but here if it looks
any different than what he wants no
that's what says nope that actually
sucks it's really hard to feed him and
the minute the pizza comes out we could
order it the minute that comes out it
doesn't even hit the table he goes nope
and looks away and then we know we just
spent nine dollars on a piece of for
nothing and he won't eat it and now he's
going to throw up again and start with
all the death so Bon Appetit writer
Peter Byrne Joe is arrived already
repave order you choose make it good
we're all right we're getting ready to
head back across the other side but
there's like 50 people coming and we
don't necessarily trust the weight of
this bridge with all those people on
this so we're gonna go over here and
wait for a second
might be a while
so we're gonna venture out on the bridge
with ten thousand pounds of weight on
there oh my god oh my god is anybody
scared
oh it's waving now thanks wait up baby
oh how you doing Ryder yay good huh
again what happened the kids left us
we're really like 100 feet up in the air
the suspension bridge
mom scare you all right I almost peed my
pants so I'm wearing this outfit
probably like my third day in a row
because we are out of clothes completely
no clothes left so where do we go right
here
send this long hallway cuz it seems like
everywhere we went it was no laundry
options oh my Skyler 18 days sandy so a
big one so everybody gets to carry a bag
yay hey all right
we finally got clean clothes so I can
quit wearing these little things for six
days in a row thank you all right come
on right don't go any higher let's go we
gotta leave our drivers waiting for us
all right let's take somebody sign out
all right got the laundry we got the
goods
we got clean clothes kids stuff all
right no more shopping we got to get
back as the night fell in Bohol we hit
the streets in search of ice cream I
don't know why when we travel we seem to
get ice cream every single day
or anything radio time thanks for
checking out this episode of trying
something new and hopefully you like
this video more than Skylar and the cat
like durian if you liked it give it a
thumbs up and be sure to check out all
of our other videos from our travels in
the Philippines if you guys like your
videos make sure you subscribe to our
YouTube channel follow us on Instagram
and like us on Facebook and whatever you
do make sure you get out there and try
something new
