yo what's good everybody oh boy JRE yo
what's poppin is we about to check out
mamamoo paint me now I saw teasers for
this already know and just bless me with
your voice like put your voice all over
me
Oh anyways let's get into this let's
begin
[Music]
[Music]
mamamoo paint me let's go oh you just
gonna lay out on that piano what they
mom got them beautiful vocals my god
hold up you know why I like vocals hit
y'all so like when like ah like my
version is terrible but when vocals hit
yo so and you get that feeling it like
it tingles your ears and just like
vibrates all over your body you know
that feeling I just happen right now
like it just lets let me get that one
without hit that hit it hit it hit that
note hold up let me go back hold up
[Music]
the way she called me like so I'm
feeling this music Leo's gonna be like
Pierre just like I like the black and
white any show-off the color the way she
just whipped that on the piano but their
vocals are just beautiful
[Music]
see if she'd like nothing in a bit like
thing huh whoa I like that and they got
the clouds in the reflection of the
piano
[Music]
Wasel just b-squad on its side it's like
hmm
let me just sit right here Neal
[Music]
it's good I feel like everybody needs a
good ballad it's like a good ballad song
and this is like you could tell just
pure vocals in a piano I mean if I had
diamonds on my neck too I'd be like you
know straight to the basics you know
sometimes you just need that just like
just belt out beautiful voices no
dancing nothing beautiful sentiment
cinematography simple aesthetics
[Music]
girl you are filling up on that diamonds
me too me too I'll be like you see this
you see this
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I like it sometimes you just need a good
Valley in your life and paint me seems
like I mean from the teasers it looks
like you were gonna get a ballad
obviously from like the piano but you
never know I could just switch it up out
of nowhere but I feel like I'm glad I
did just get to the basics just vocals
piano beautiful scenery aesthetics yeah
sometimes you just need a good ballad in
your life and that was a good valid I
mean just share vocals you know I'm
saying
okay mamamoo I mean I mean it's no
surprise mom will always bring them
vocals got you got you got spread them
vocals spread them wings anyways y'all
thank you guys for watching like this
video share this video and subscribe
your boy is gonna be on Vicky
yes the reason why I was in Korea one of
the reason is why is that was gonna be
on the show you see your boy legendary
making up a kpop star your boy looking
extra nice but no I'm not to came up
start I'm not the one they're gonna be
making into a kpop star I'm just like
the host co-host but it's coming soon
January 10th go check it out special
guest so be on the lookout for that all
right wait description down below
uh y'all thank you guys for watching
like this video share this video and
subscribe and yeah see you guys till
next time alright bye hey you better
subscribe
[Music]
[Music]
ha ha ha
[Music]
