how long is the wait it depends sir like
1 hour 2 hours no five hours no not that
much a minute this is about he's yummy
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
alright so we are in the cars ready to
go to our coast
bus terminals we're going to visit my
parents up north in Loney on the bus
trip was pretty uneventful so instead
I'm going to break it down into ten
useful tips when traveling by bus in the
Philippines so we're in Manila which is
right here my parents live in Guam up
north it's a 4-hour 28 minute drive
according to Google Maps I prefer to
avoid a long bus trip but I search for
an import around that area and the
closest airport is a walk which is a
one-hour flight from Manila but it's
five hours away from my parents home so
we decided to take the but instead plus
it's a lot cheaper so there are two
major bus terminals in Manila plus I and
kuba so science closer to the airport
making it the most convenient for
travelers but kubal is a larger of the
two bus terminal because it's more of a
central bus house depending on where
you're going you'll need to decide which
is more appropriate for you this already
buy you two tickets
I'm going to belong
so adjust me for your table number to be
cold hookers and then up there is lots
of design you can buy your campaign when
you get to the bus terminal bill issue
you a ticket with a number on it
this ticket puts you in line to buy a
bus ticket the weight can be five
minutes or five hours watch this
how long is the wait it's answer like
one hour two hours no five hours no
that's that's hot ten minutes is about
it yummy
he would tickets to buy bus tickets it's
a strange but I guess that's how it
operates a lot of people there's a lot
of people waiting Kien Paulo Pizza Vita
Paulo and Michael so we don't know how
long this is going to take you could
take quite a bit but they're never
helping us out
George good to meet local people here to
help you figure out at these parties
tickets work otherwise we would be lost
very long generally day time is a lot
busier than at 9:00 we waited three to
four hours to get on the bus during the
day but what we took the night bus we
were able to get on the bus right away
you
[Music]
those are friends I just took off
they're going to opera wailing away from
us it was cool to meet them now on the
bus there are two types of buses the
regular bus and the deluxe bus if you
can get on the deluxe bus I highly
recommend upgrade what's nice about this
one is actually two seats one roll and
then one person that's nice it's a lot
lighter and a lot more space tell them
where you're getting off and that
vendors get on the bus all the time
trying to tell you their goods watch out
for your stuff at all times
one thing that amazed me is how close
people get when there's our two-lane
road we'll turn into three lanes and
people are just walking do that without
a care in the world oh just walking
between traffic no problem I would not
want to be doing that so when three
hours in our journey and we're taking a
little bus stop right I'm going to go
outside tip is anything cool not many
peeps we only stopped once in a five
plus our journey looks like the toilet
is right behind me it actually costs to
bet those to use the bathroom which is
nothing but if you need to go to
bathroom make sure you got some change
because you're going to need it
they've got like little restaurants and
stuff just behind you it's pretty
awesome
you might not like the food you might
actually want to pack sandwiches the bus
temperature is super cold remember to
bring a sweatshirt some long pants and
maybe even a blanket
[Music]
[Music]
