the Philippines is an island nation
located in the western Pacific the
region boasts one of the world's longest
combined coastlines due to the nation's
7,000 tropical islands these islands
have beautiful coral reefs and
spectacular diving while life like whale
sharks and uh gongs and mountainous
tropical rainforests here is a look at
some of the best places to visit in the
Philippines the mud-walled rice terraces
in value.we are reason enough to take
the bus trip from Manila to this unique
indigenous town the agricultural
engineering system represented here was
built 2,000 years ago and passed on from
generation to generation though the
serene and impressive plants would be
enough to make this Thammasat see the
spectacular with car price Guardians
make the trip even more worthwhile
the huge orange eyes and Ponty fingers
of the minuscule tarsier serve as the
spokesmodel for the island of Bohol just
a short trip from Cebu and this area is
one of the few remaining homes to this
Chinese carnie the unique geologic I
defeat of the chocolate hill serves as
the second draw for the non drivers to
the region
endless white sand beaches colorful
outrigger sailboats rides and beautiful
resorts graced this island that has been
consistently in the top three beaches in
the world by travelers i'ts the most
populous region of 4rk is the central
part of wide beach which has the most
opportunities for food adventure and
shopping and public merriment moving
further away more remote options are
available but they come with reduced the
manatees
Cebu is an island province in the
Philippines consisting of the main
island itself and 167 surrounding islets
its capital Cebu City is the oldest in
the Philippines and home to the nation's
second international airport the city is
a smaller but similarly busy version of
Manila with many of the same urban
benefits of nail old cutting-edge and
cultural
located and the province of source saw a
gun a place of pristine reaches stunning
waterfalls and unexplored caves the
sleepy fishing village of dogs all is to
place in the Philippines to see whale
sharks they like tropical waters which
makes thoughts Albay a great habitat for
them
the stage in Naga City is the capital of
the Philippines the fly endpoint for
most tourists and a bustling opportunity
to appreciate bounce of culture new and
old from tall gleaming buildings on the
skyscraper gazing tour to the
turn-of-the-century landmarks on the
self-guided downtown tour there is much
to see in Manila
my d'Oro is an island that consists of
two different regions mind or oriental
of mind or lhasa dental which are
separated from one another by a high
mountain range the north of the region
is mostly remote and home to the
primitive mango and tribe
this trip is well worth it for divers
however as the town of sablon is the
doorway to the island of pagan and
Christian at bow reefs marine National
Park
one of the best places to visit in the
Philippines palawan is an island
province that stretches from mind oil to
Borneo between the South China and
syntheses where del Princesa which is
close to large karst formations with an
underground river is the provincial
capital
natal volcano that sits majestically
above the town of that day is a
combination of active and extinct
craters that create a beautiful tapestry
of must-sees lake town is nestled inside
the old town volcano crater and the
central island for the latest the
currently active volcano craters which
can be seen steaming on certain days
a visit to the crystal Eagle Street
region of this town is like a step back
to colonial times horses pull parts
along cobblestone streets and dark wood
mansions flank the sides as a reminder
of the grand life that many enjoyed in
this colonial Spanish trading post at
the time many goods like beeswax and
gold were traded to China for exotic
Asian I
