[Music]
hi guys an youngster cheer whoo haha my
god I I stitch here my son up my mother
cooking for you just took a bath my hair
is all wet and we got a special imported
goods for today it's from the
Philippines straight from the
Philippines asked someone to bring it
for me it's called lucky me you know I
was young whatever I saw this lucky me i
thought i was lucky it says big but it's
not that big and it's round noodles for
three minutes extra hot chili flavor so
we got three it's another one this is
original extra hot chili and I maxi
today I'm gonna mix this 30 into one
don't say I can't do that because uh you
know the one who bought me this you know
apparently didn't know I III of this I
eat three in one go so I don't wanna do
it but don't we have one each so I'm
gonna mix up let's see how it tastes
like it might be actually mighty mighty
is good that's some sinigang nanga be
the last time I make sinigang I failed
so she can she leave me some more
synagogue but another try to make it
will make this great next time I'm going
to cook this street into one please
comment and tell us what you guys want
us to make next I saw a la derecha I've
got a caray dinner gua
it was kind of hard but we're going to
make these things in our own way as I
said before we're not like chefs we
don't we didn't go to school we don't
you know really I it's my first time
cooking in my life these these these
video clips is like basically raw the
advice that it's not going to be perfect
because like it's not perfect
very like to see what happens when I mix
this week agenda which is your favorite
by the way you know I like the I like
the mammy actually this is my favorite
the original version elect original one
bad noodles the man is good to in a yaki
soba that's good too I like those all
right here we go onion hmm what the
water ready is manufactured by 11 Denis
think I haven't tried this in like a
couple of years movie 34 years she knows
good you have potential potential you
have a potential nobody but nobody
nobody but nobody nobody but nobody i am
a Sabra sovereign state of a secret I'll
tell you the secret why why and what but
I'm the person like this oh the sauce ah
this sauce this sauce is so bad rounded
it costs cancer guys here's one cancer
just eat like a hundred of this I was
for the chrome tip next one Kalamazoo
River need to go oh it's kinda messy
sauce I got the big extra chapter 10 by
the way series are around Korea and you
want to come in our videos you just pay
us like 10,000 pesos then you can be a
guest of your famous libre it's free
messages enjoy our beautiful home the
only work for my subscribers if you want
me to work for you subscribe ah smell
guys the smell so good new per se yo I'm
laughing ah that's a good question yeah
and we're gonna mix these three sauces
these big sauce I'm gonna put it all our
big big now big dog you guys gotta know
what pick me but this is not big then we
got the 33 sauce resource put it all in
your top man like like three of this Pro
throw some water away there we go guys
there we go that's spicy one first the
next is original weren't you know and
then we put some kind i'm a cheat oh you
know the only smell guy is very lucky me
just uh oh it's lucky me slow this one
what i do is i can't cut it like that
just like this put in you know I used to
cut my hair my brother's hair with this
one pole using scissors for the first
time but that ain't say in the dish one
the sauce is Filipino bunt it is really
strong unless not sorta like a super and
knock ass like I don't know it but look
it's really strong Oh rip that sauce in
yeah that's it and I mix it up and we're
done I'm gonna take the leash off guys
shut up i'm going to do i'm gonna add
some basil your add some parsley ensure
the oil the butter loves that [ __ ] get
up and then I'm gonna add some garlic
you know I'm gonna do an add some butter
mix it up I need to go guys show you the
finished product guys wait long wait
blonde wait long here we go that's three
five six and
not me makes my guys be my good luck me
sola e I have a key I'll just mix it up
a little bit more make the sauce go kind
of see through the noodles and then
we're probably done now alright guys we
need now hi guys I'm Islam and i'm back
for more food testing I love the custom
aspect i think is the best job you know
some people they flip this i get paid
like the really critics [ __ ]
restaurants getty some food and they
like tell them what their opinion is and
if your pain let them oh ok so this is
the pancit canton let me brother cooked
what is this flavor spicy alana and see
an original original why do you put
water break thick all the water out have
to think all the wall put it's okay
really so here's your test nice Reuters
the taste like original all I don't
taste the clemency what type economist
and spicy just a serger yeah it's not
spicy at all there's good it's good
check punted push your this one or c 76
she sings like so much better you got
compared to this but what up to this but
what that angry kaput and rico putting
the pasta [ __ ] mother can't compare to
this brother what else did you put then
that's it yeah guys jennylyn cool this
original pungent got done got up gave me
one this X equal cannot exceed with it
she would see for the shrimp shrimp are
you talking about basically wants to
hear can you ah come on the spicy one
all right although this question 20 it's
a good mate it's not bad basic the
chicken panty [ __ ] on chicken flavor but
bad at all great mmm i'll give it a
point five point five i'll give it a
point to but what's a bad thing of a
bunch controller you cannot eat it with
rice you can't mix in your ice unless
you put the rice now maybe partially
partially good too oh no wonder you set
the screen there you know it's like that
let you know if you mix cool sprite
royal it's gonna take me you Dre don't
taste like a bubble gum flavor right I
think seem nice like this put better not
to mix it much for cooking in its own
original thing that's what I think mmm
shut up my side up my side up not
chicken bad boy so what is it i like
this is good eating it is addictive you
guys tell us your favorite um I don't
moodus that you like they don't need to
be filipino i need to locate move combat
share like and please uh please comment
share in life um and tell us what you
want next we got some calls i read talk
two isomeric are coming off you need on
trial tomorrow we'll make it will make
it will try to make it oh my god i love
our area here we go chiba go bye-bye you
know that's one young daniel is so small
they [ __ ] Sloan yeah this is big
6-3 6-3 3-6 myself no 383 like this yes
I happen in 30 06 all together so this
is the hardest thing I've ever cooked
man in my cooking videos you agree no
what the [ __ ] yeah it's like the easiest
all our bro you go to our water teams
put dr water do it there's lots of water
but what if they're not possible so we
won't have lots of water bro but it
beats narrow bridge bro then just get
water from like the schools are letting
you again you know if I know you will do
with their proposed water ma bro the
forest water that's just how I like if
they have no patty did your hand like
it's a fright Wow but you fry your hand
go with but sit on top no what does it
means and then you eat your hand while
you're nobody [ __ ] up man up though
[Music]
it's got my hair my brother's hair with
this one pole using scissors for the
first time but I am saying the dish one
the sauce is Filipino and bunted is
really strong unlike us nuts hasta like
a super and like ass like I don't know
deep but it's really strong Oh drip that
sauce in yeah that's it and I mix it up
and we're done I'm gonna take the leash
off guys shut up you know i'm gonna do
i'm going to add some basil your ads
parsley in chili oil the butter loves
that [ __ ] get up and then I'm gonna add
some garlic you know I'm gonna do and
handsome butter mix it up need to go
guys show you the finished product guys
wait long wait long wait long here we go
that's three five six and some yummy mix
my guys be my good luck me sola e I have
a key I just mix it up a little bit more
make the sauce go kind of seep through
the noodles and then we're probably done
now all right guys we're gonna eat now
hi guys my name is LA and I'm back for
more food testing I love the festive i
think i think is the best job you know
some people if it doesn't get paid like
a really critics [ __ ] restaurants get
decent food and they like tell them what
their opinion is and the company let
them oh ok so this is three punch it
been going anybody cooked what is this
flavor pie see hello Nancy and original
or did you know why do you put water
breaking all the water out huh and to
think all the wall is to put it's okay
really so here's your test nice Reuters
gonna make these things in our own way
as I said before we're not like chefs we
don't we didn't go to school we don't
you know really I it's my first time
cooking in my life these these these
video clips is like basically raw the
advice that it's not going to be perfect
because like it's not perfect
very like to see what happens when I mix
this free together which is your
favorite by the way you know I like the
I like the mammy actually this is my
favorite original version i like the
original one bad noodles the man is good
to allay yaki soba that's good too I let
those all right here we go annyeong what
the wall ready is manufactured by 11
Denis think I haven't tried this in like
a couple of years maybe three four years
good you have potential potential you
have a potential nobody but nobody
nobody but nobody nobody but nobody i am
a sovereign sovereign state of a secret
I'll tell you the secret wife why ain't
one I'm good person for this oh the
sauce ah this sauce this sauce is so bad
rounded it costs cancer guys you guys
want to answer just eat like a hundred
of this I was for the chrome tip next
one
[Music]
hi guys an youngster cheer whoo my God
my god I die stitch here my son up on my
mother cooking for you just took a bath
my hair is all wet and we got a special
imported goods for today it's from the
Philippines straight from the
Philippines asked someone to bring it
for me it's called bonds it is lucky me
you know what I was young whatever I saw
this lucky me i thought i was lucky it
says big but it's not that big and it's
round noodles for three minutes it's
extra hot chili flavor so we got three
it's another one this is original extra
hot chili and i'm at sea today I'm gonna
mix this 30 into one don't say I can't
do that because uh you know the one who
bought me this you know apparently
didn't know I eat three of this I eat
three in one go so I don't wanna do it
but don't we have one each so I'm gonna
mix up let's see how it tastes like
might be actually mighty mighty is good
got some sinigang nanga be the last time
I make sinigang I failed so she can she
live me some more sinigang another try
to make it will make this cravings huh
I'm going to cook this three into one
please comment and tell us what you guys
want us to meet next I saw a la derecha
I've got a caray
didn't go on up it was kind of hard but
we were going it tastes like original oh
I don't taste the clemency what type
economist and spicy just a surgeon yeah
it's not spicy at all good it's good
take pontiff wish you are this one or
cat6 uh she sings like so much better
you got compared to this but what up to
this but what that angry kaput and rico
putting the pasta [ __ ] mother you can
compare to this brother what else did
you put then that's it yeah my god
Jeremy one cool this original pungent
got done good luck gave me one this X
equal can't succeed with it she would
see for the shrimp shrimp what you
talking about the basic elements see
here in you yeah open the spicy one
alright a little special tour it's a
good mate it's not bad basic the chicken
panty [ __ ] on chicken flavor not bad at
all great mmm i'll give it a point 5 2.5
mm you're a point to but you what's the
bad thing about to control one you
cannot eat it with rice you got makes it
erase so lets you put the rice now maybe
partially partially go to oh no wonder
they set the screen stuck there you know
it's like that like you know if you mix
cool sprite royal it's gonna take me
you're a don't taste like a bubble gum
flavor right I think seamless with this
put together not to mix it much to cook
it in its own original thing that's what
I think mmm shut up my side up my side
up not chicken Babu so worried did I
like this is your cute unit is a dick
you guys tell us your favorite young
nudists that you like it'll need to be
to Latino I any new lows right move ha
combat share like and please uh please
I'm a second life um and tell us about
your color monster burger
hmm need to go oh it's kinda messy sauce
and I got the big extra chopped chilli
10 by the way series are around Korea
and you want to come in our videos you
just pay us like 10,000 pesos then you
can be a guest of your famous
leibrandt's free just message us enjoy
our beautiful home the only work for my
subscribers if you want me to work for
you subscribe ah smell guys smell so
good faster yo that's a good punch yeah
and we're gonna mix these three sauces
these big sauce I'm gonna put it all our
big big now big dog you guys gotta know
what pygmies but this is not big so we
got the 33 sauce three tops put it all
in your top man like like three of this
bro draw some water way here we go guys
there we go that's spicy one first the
next is original weren't you know and
then we put some kind of a cheat oh you
know the only smell guys very lucky me
just ah oh it's lucky me slow this one
what I do is I can't cut it like that
just like this put in you know I
