[Music]
what's up gay che today we'll be kicking
out video called top ten for the pink
travelers paradise first of all I was
asked to react with us last year wait
was it last year well all the video like
sister daughter Philippines and it was
actually another place as well but I
said no this isn't I react to everything
in anything channel and funny enough I
knew reacting to Jolla B Delta B would
inflate other types of video requests
which I was hoping to avoid but now that
I'm really thinking about it this would
be good information for me tonight top
10 of the Pink's transfers paradise
basically to guide well I'm assuming
there's a go what else would have bet
it'll be good for me to know for future
reference because my goal is to go to
the Philippines for the next Bush Music
Awards and obviously to meet most of
them on either there's things go down as
they planned then I'll be thanking
myself in the future for your watching
this video let's check it out
now we're going to let you in on a
little secret here the hidden gem of
selling things is right here facility my
favorite hot iron countries that I've
traveled we run up some of the most
beautiful landscapes and eagles
incredible you will Agra so definitely
lit friendly now before you start taking
advice from a random stranger I want you
to do my background my name is Christian
LeBlanc I've spent the last two years
travelling socialization and with that I
spent those three months of at Kingston
see the country I planted reason
let's get started with the camco oh my
god man in Boracay Boracay is easily one
of the most popular islands
that's beautiful and with that you can
get pretty busy sometimes now that could
be a good thing not to give out dates
the great thing is you can guarantee you
can find some extremely beautiful hotels
if that's in your club what you're going
to say beautiful lady relatively
discount one because our clearance but
it'd be too much of an issue here the
night length is pretty good and the food
selection is great we're doing us
everything from low and hassel think
about that lava stream luxury hotels
legwork that but definitely what I can
spend a bit more money here the island
Boracay itself is extremely beautiful
some of the bluest water you'll see and
some of the finest white sand beaches
I'm gonna gain up what you're going to
play right into it the population of the
island has outgrown the infrastructure
at least ten times over that can lead to
a lot of congestion but you're going to
spend most your time on the beach anyway
so what does that matter
number nine off-log Buffalo extremely
well-known of the lovely and that is the
whale show this is the place where you
can I throw and swim right next to these
gentle bees they're shedding a little
bit of controversy I'm not good with
water your discretion so your something
you learned about Marion swimming next
to an animal they could literally grow
as large with small but in wreckage on
what they're confident although it's
very unlikely you'll see one this life
how did that run it the way there's a
couple sensible agriculture that tuna
log is the most impressive Institute
it's a massive drop-off it creates a
beautiful mint now if you're looking for
more of an experience with the
waterfalls
check out aki-nee's waterfalls because
you can actually scale up them from jump
off of them it's much more interactive
than job and any of my second - it's
definitely muttering the
tree reaction is prettier hot-swap my
lover cousin wanted to eat her this
place before but there's a great reason
to go and it was one animal that list
below the sea it's very unlikely you've
ever heard of this place
but malapascua is homes one of us local
creatures I've ever seen the thresher
sharks if your Excuse driver is a month
every time it's a shock comes a lot
nicer than the thrush
our it has a long tail just like a sight
you see it beautifully cutting through
the water for me this made going to
malapascua 100% worth it
now the dive scene is incredible but
it's not the only thing malapascua
island itself is extraordinarily
beautiful again if you haven't already
noticed the trend zebra Greenlee blue
water fine white sand beaches and
relatively expensive accommodation yeah
this definitely has to be something
therefore it's a very honest place and
all the accommodations on the other Lane
why don't have a my react until a few
little research we even managed to find
a business like in Java credibly
storming on the treble net my girlfriend
Laura really hit it off with the locals
if you know anything about the
Philippine you'll probably be shocked
that I put El Nino inseminator I'm a
little especially one of them not need
uncle places in the Philippines and
arguably the world the beauty of this
place leaves you in awe now let's start
with the great things about the tip
before I resort on incredible because it
lets me see this trillion blue water the
jagged cliff sighs it's seriously earth
porn it's nothing like you've ever seen
before the days in a Lido are
unforgettable because go spend your
entire day hanging around these
beautiful lens let's say this makes me
how much fun across where the problems
are highlighted okay
it becomes a bit less enjoyable it's a
alito's electrical grid is archaic
aspects when we backpack we've been at
me pop overnight in darkness and worse
than the dark we spend it without any
fan or air conditioner it's very cozy
and when the power goes out I become a
pretty unhappy camper now in addition to
this if you're planning to do anything
like I do as a youtuber uploading is
basically a no-go the internet are so
slow this is my current situation all we
going to be okay if you spend break set
more money you better spectat
accommodations that will have backup
generators and this will at least help
take care of the problem of your air
conditioning going out people sweat to
death at night I want to end this on a
positive
because despite all the inconveniences
of LVO
the beauty of this place makes it all
worth it so you have to go check it out
if you end up going make sure you do the
for iOS or and make sure you climb power
eclipse is you're willing to risk your
life it's extremely jagged but the view
you get is unforgettable the next on my
list is bull bull is a large and mad
fella violence there's so many things to
see and do here in integrates man guys
looking to lot man finds them to cool
engines like this little hole in the
ground no pun intended with the whole
being a big island you could easily
spend five to ten days here the most
popular beaches is alona beach and this
is the place where you can stay at
5-star hotels or identical to our hostel
the pricing is definitely on these cold
agendas and nothing that reason also a
month in Bohol it's the rental scooter
some of the most incredible riding I've
ever done especially around this mile
you take the scooter you drive up
further north from alona beach and
you'll end up visiting these guys these
parts are you animals only found able
old it basically says like general day
one of them what more do you have to
work I mean just look at them jump looks
like probably most of mine also worth
mentioning
I made some others in North crazy on to
the beach and although I like on that I
didn't love it I found it a bit of a
dirty beach for me I would prefer to
abate and alona beach
rented a scooter and use it to do day
trips like being the target the song
that will be concise very good rocks
would be a lot of your communicator
inches Laughlin let's set a moment
Americans built by the Spanish in fact
we shut up during the earthquake a few
years ago just after visiting the star
theory you're going to see the man-made
form and treatments made it support that
was actually hand finds to by men it's a
really awesome feeling because I've been
driving down this narrow road you feel
like you're going for a tree tunnel it's
great brains - this will lift and it's
definitely an awesome feeling
food after the mandate for about another
35 45 minutes up north you'll be going
through what some people deems the main
attraction of Opel these are the
chocolate hills and you'll notice they
look extremely similar to a Hershey kiss
I don't know if that's why you can call
that but the name is ethnic thing you
can drive up to the top of one of the
hills and actually get a pretty good
dish of the entire mountain range I
definitely recommend it number five of
the places on very good people bliss
dumaguete is an incredible place and
there's a lot to see and do here Gemma
Guinness I spent almost three weeks
scuba diving and exploring the beautiful
nature
if you're going to magetta check out
Capital Grille Falls there's no
butchering it I'll write it down below
right across from dumaguete is a short
boat ride to april island make sure you
check out the play able island
translates into english as turtle island
and it's well-named because everywhere
you go is serious the Bross there sings
revolves around water and I'm not a bit
around water around they don't mind
we'll talk about that later on nation up
apartment on your honor in Dumaguete but
this is once a month
must must do ability this here is my
newest sandbar I call displace the MALDI
of the Philippines it's about a two to
three hour drive jet you're from
dumaguete but every single mitad on the
rise is worth it once you arrive you
arrive at a little dock take a boat
across about 45 minutes and you arrive
in paradise if you have that extra time
or you want to keep your Instagram to a
whole nother level you better check out
my guru assess those alone are you guys
even doing doable it's a night like this
great restaurants and a whole lot of man
they almost not like this is the place
and magnanimity number format scooter
Brad podium but not quite callous on
balls and waterful his body on 10 years
now before you can get into this if
you're not too afraid of heights and
you're not afraid to get wet is
- I'm not group of party Buffy but a
full day trip where your shyness which
is very narrow crevasse is where the
water flows down creating optimal
waterfalls it's such a unique and
amazing experience that you really can't
find that many places in the world
I brought my expensive slow-motion
camera and allowing waterproof housing I
risked it for you guys you're welcome by
antenna airing is a guided expedition
and you cannot do this alone
by law you need to have a guy and I that
would pick pretty said those are the
line hops which made by itself it's not
yet he needs a guy from a sequestered US
dollars you get a guy and he shows you
through the canyon he pushes you off the
cliff and you even get a meal and so
it's not too bad at the end of the
canyon is the world-renowned Fauchon
all this waterfall literally looks like
the edges of the game factory the water
uses roots well then looks like it
should be bottled and sold to people at
a very high price the water is quite
cold so it's a very tough time you break
after a long day of jumping now I must
mention definitely oh my god I could
live there are enough to have gone
through the body on tennis in quite some
time
I'm not even sure if a free open the
municipal government shut it down
because they were worried about erosion
so do a little research
hopefully it's reopen because it is one
of the top things to do some facilities
also random insert you'll be researched
everywhere in the Philippines
cockfighting and basically a national
sport
I mentioned pray the bronze medal goes
to my favorite a us don't oppose it
there
daleiden I for effective chemical turn
off go company you guys for Chris's us
but talk about that later on cow back
six from the shuttle sit here the
landscapes in the entire world
this Beach is seriously heaven and I
don't use that word lightly it is my
favorite note we have been witness to
this day's you don't have to loves a lot
but yes the resort town this is that's a
bringing fail some agencies that I've
ever seen now if you remember we talked
about El Nido being in seventh
play well knock clock is about a 45
minutes scooter ride away from El Nido
so again if you've a little critter I've
considered it you will get knocked on
ten El Nido together because they're
only a scooter ride away from each other
the problem not Kahn is good because
it's such a beautifully untouched
landscape there's nothing on it there's
really only a couple of guest houses
with which they have no electricity
after this now I think it's 6:00 p.m.
that's more like Leeza you can either
roughly deep and stay in a very basic
guest house on one of the most beautiful
beaches in the entire world or you can
just rent the scooter from El Nido
and drive back to your hotel we can be
romantic in El Nido good look at one of
the most epic feature you'll ever do
this island here is my silver medal is
probably my favorite island in the
entire world and easily the best island
in the Philippines it is the definition
of exploring getting lost and evenings a
few others have ever seen before
Vontae on island is be fun to be on time
before more lacrima said but I'm a movie
that will one day become a developed
area but right now this is a place that
you can experience it yourself there's
no much to do here from exploring the
jungle to exploring the beautiful beach
drowned entire island there's even go to
freely roam this is Jerome definitely
check out the mango because there's a
little trees that grow on the water go
explore the other side of the island
where there's literally no identifiable
landmark just beautiful untouched nature
and so many kids just playing on the
side of the road definitely so like I
said I really appreciate it and they're
a lot of fun to hang out with I do it
Scotty the nuts on now but of all of the
highlights in my day it wouldn't be a
perfect item every night aquatic turtle
declares I wish and bounty on certainly
has a long road in fact I feel like I'm
getting plenty of them I don't think
I've seen more beautiful sunsets in my
entire life
you really start to take them for
granted because every single night you
get a sunset that could easily be one of
the most
you definitely need to invest in a dryer
if you plan on growing a little Asian
area because everyone's a winner
capitalist it's just beautiful this is
the winner of my top tennis facility
chorim quran is deaf : not the easiest
places to get to it pretty far knowledge
chatter even farther north and el nido
it's more inaccessible than Oviedo and
it indefinitely the Allegro events a
place to visit because it's so
inaccessible rather take actually as our
fairy friends um you know make or you
can fly directly from Manila definitely
expect to pay top dollar top slice
aren't cheap this is not a cheap place
to go now it's time to show you why
you're willing to spend your money to
come here and why are you willing to
deal with these luck you buzzer over on
your left get up gaming out of this
world I can't compare it to anything to
be honest it's like New Zealand in
Africa how to be and it's lovely as
always my favorite thing to do is rent a
scooter it's the first thing I do
whenever I guess when you play get a
scooter go explore the island you will
be blown away now I must say that the
roads we took other scooters and cooks
we're basically like off-roading there
was some very nice gravel and huge rocks
that we were drawing over but the
feeling of exploring where if you have
explored before was so worth it silikal
holes they have mountains that look like
the Hershey Kisses they're not called
Chocolate Hills but they're very similar
lovely when we do a collab we probably
busy tourist for the entire day this
might sound scary some views but it's
one of the most amazing things the local
Filipino people are some of the
friendliest and most accommodating
people definitely don't take that is
about think it's an incredible feeling
of truly getting lost in a place that
you've never been before
now after exploring the rural side of
Rome for the day the list of the more
touristic spots below these beautiful
Hot Springs where people generally
contra sense it if you come to around
5:00
you can definitely Messick lug of
meritorious roundly it's a really cool
way to meet people the next day my
girlfriend I and a couple of friends
rented kayaks and we went and kairos all
the way across to a set of islands I'll
make sure pretty things like kayaking
spread it out there we was a very very
very very very difficult work up but it
gets the same shake while traveling so
maybe this is the best option for you
there's also the option to do island
tour similar to El Nido so maybe check
that out if you don't want to go through
excruciating heat in a kayak
but when we made it to the other side
the work was so worth it
similar to the landscapes of El Nido you
have to jagged cliffside incredibly blue
water and a feeling of being cut off
from the rest of the world it's
extremely energizing to do that every
now and then these are among some of my
favorite drum shot I've ever captured
thank you : this is Laura looking
graceful but then she got bit by a fish
so now end of the day we put up the
white flag and we pay some of the tour
kayaks box behind their motorboat it was
the best decision if you like this video
and once all of those links below I have
a top 10 list to Thailand I'm gonna make
a channel in the description even I
probably got more subscribers ma she's
name and I constantly making new pond
predator I'm sure it needs a subscribe
button leave the video a thumbs up and
if you want to be among the first to
know when my travelers guide comes out
make sure to sign up on my mailing list
I name it off scrub I love babies like
your video everything you need to go I'm
gonna graduate a money long traveling
how to make the most of the places that
you visit thanks for watching guys and
let's get lost in the next one
[Music]
so I'm not entirely short the sky that's
logging on top of these sorts of videos
but I'm going to go and check that out I
don't make a habit of reacted to videos
like discus 1 sifting minute and 2 does
feel kind of strange for me to react to
that but at the same time it's still
something that I'm interested in because
you know I've been talking about this
I've been cooked about when he's going
to the Philippines ever since more
Cinnabon and I'm telling you that it's
going to happen one day talking with the
bro Jay smooth as I produce hushed Jay
we'll meet up together for the pink and
it could be my wingman
bro you go look up a I could put
in the kind word for me when we meet
more set of months I've said that girl's
name so many comes in this video but you
know one of the main reasons one reacted
to us but yet basically I need to get my
 together that was very hard to
watch only because very jealous very
jealous man I thought your net just put
your life into perspective looks like
now these all these amazing places you
just need to get out and go on this
camera turn dive I'll be back again in
one minute
basically this video has opened my eyes
save up sort out of plants such that
where I'm going to just do the dance
back down saying that just camera keep
switching off I've had enough I need it
in this video right now I'm sorry you
know you know I don't like doing this I
have a lot more I need to say but let's
just save that for another day maybe I
react to another video that's similar
and then finish up on there because this
is a long enough video editor that's it
here was a channel they're linked and me
very good ha-hi anyway feeling it
Expedia
shut up through the garden video if you
see this and you allow me to use your
video and take much as Doug will give me
a copyright strike I appreciate it very
much
that doesn't happen often although I do
react videos and go out of my way to
grab other content creators videos or
depends on the content creators let's
look at the channel okay so make sure
you go subscribe to the channel even
though I'm sure you guys already has
because you is the one who requested us
and hopefully you'll see a Moorish a
version to this video with an image eggs
egg Moorish a scooter buddy
Maurice a holiday base lorry shanks for
the pink shade meets long experience
shake it set in head but mister in line
or the baseball back
