hello
[Music]
thank you okay guys so we just had lunch
as rapper swagoo liar there's chicken
there's Donuts there's everything ice
cream so Wow
here's everyone else finishing up the
ice cream
Braden couldn't take it he's passed out
Davina's chillin looking weird how's the
ice cream good yummy I just finished two
doughnuts Mike how's it going over there
yummy yeah all sorts of colors in there
oh sit there buddy
I'm a night okay well let's wipe your
nose but let me I got a napkin wait Mike
I'll do it
how's your nose
good how about this fine wash we go gay
yummy
so cut the kiddie table everyone's
eating ice cream we had a plan
[Music]
[Music]
yes they do
all right let's get a look at the
beautiful house they own beautiful house
it's one of the best-looking ones here I
mean not to be judgmental or compare but
I'm sorry it's just beautiful anti-flood
you this is 100 percent in Oh a flood
zone because they're on a mountain and
you know how it floods in vanilla this
place is definitely more expensive
because it just won't flood here at all
and if it does even rain or whatever
they got their own sewers yeah very nice
place we're really enjoying our time
here thank you Karen and Trevor for
letter inviting us and having it's over
through your brother's place and your I
mean your mothers and fathers to Jordan
so we just walk down the street one
minute we're here at the cool little
playground
it looks like Erica for a second didn't
that look like Erica for a second whoa
what are you guys doing you guys on the
seesaw
hold up that look whoa what's that it's
all halloweenie did you guys see in
there nice trees here that's the cool
fine fur fur no it's a kind of pine tree
yeah
comment below
inna lalala whoa she's climbing up
lalala
but tie all the monkeys on the monkey
bar there's a monkey there whoa hey did
you guys see that
the Halloween set up yeah let's go look
look
oh look the white woman the white lady
she ate her last bata bata it's the
white lady huh
you see she eats the bata
yeah until she grabs you huh
Oh laughs someone's hands you oh my gosh
let's go Mike
scary oh look at that one what is that
whoa what the heck
oh that's guts yeah I see guts and
there's a spider on there too oh that's
like a real one - that's a real spider
oh oh it fell
- put it back up here yeah here can you
put it up here yeah put it up there yeah
good now usually you want to put it like
this Oh like that so it's hanging hey
guys look I'm a witch Josephine's good
just fitness how to run around there
I need a go proto just put on her hair
so she can run around with the GoPro
maybe in the future
careful knock she's gonna fall at the
side okay this is a nice little place I
like the leaves the leaves they're
everywhere it's not too hot oh you guys
be careful be careful you can hit her in
the face
go ahead get on okay okay I'll follow
here I'll go with you go good jump oh ho
no you gotta be careful with these
things people get hurt on these all the
time now this is what I need right here
one for the one for chesty one for the
core I need to go to the gym a lot more
tell me what I was doing wrong if anyone
knows you could see what I was doing
wrong there let me know what I was doing
so I was cheating a little bit law no
you don't do that no don't do that
you're gonna hurt each other it's gonna
fly up and hit you in the face and then
we're gonna have to bring you back with
a big lump on your face it's gonna look
like Halloween on your eyeball don't run
off it okay you guys are done off off
you guys I see what you guys are doing
you guys are trying to trick each other
off this is when people get hurt off
done nah uh-huh I know you're not how
about you guys try this one who can get
across the whole thing if you can get
across the whole thing yeah Michael you
got a try yeah like that you got a hold
with one hand and then going the next
one and the next one the next one with
DHN yeah just like that
okay and then hold on swing to the next
one
are you trying Mike either side either
side they're Michaels turn kay swing to
the next side swing the other side Mike
no it's not how you do it
Erica show I'm gonna do it just show
them how to do it oh yeah just like that
and then he's swinging on next one just
like when we picked you up from the
jungle that's where we found Kathleen
come on come on Tasha let's go see see
watch Erica she knows how she's really
good watches going on so well let's just
a pinch show you that's the monkey right
there let Daddy show you guys
[Music]
okay watch out Kathleen Joseph in stern
vena pull it
yeah it's slippery oh la la whoa that's
a big slide look at them big slow
careful whoa nice one loss against okay
[Music]
move your butt okay it's the time to go
your time to go eat guys it's time to go
[Music]
all right let's go you guys yeah Joseph
Anne yeah wait
fight fight fight fight
look come on Ursula yeah oh come here
back here just been you know give me
your buck here no not there big
whoo yeah whoo yeah whoo yeah yay
got me Vanessa oops
no fighting
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
just a friend Kuya Michael storage
please do man
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
