H what's up everybody it's your friendly
neighborhood hug Knuckles back again
with a I don't think I'm back again I
mean I am back again but I don't think
we've really done one of these before um
it's an unboxing from our PO box as
always bye my side hot Sam H and today
we're going to be busting open this big
old box of whatnot and what other um
that we got in the post office so also I
want to give a shout out we talked about
Michael Rutherford ining another video
but I also got some postcards um from
Pacho or cha I'm not
sure Pacho I'm not sure they cross out
their name it kind of confused me how
that was but it's from cha and it's very
beautifully written by the way um but
there's a picture of Bor Island as well
as some Filipino snacks I thought it was
really cool so we got these from the PO
box thank you so much chop for sending
us these postcards they will be on the
wall I'm putting them up on the wall
because they look cool but we got this
huge box this is from Ernesto fix yeah
shout out too Felix when we went to the
post office and we saw this box I was
straight like blown away well like we
went like midnight and there was like a
key in there and we were like oo what is
this key it was like a little like
scavenger hunt find the key find the box
that you put the key in yeah cuz like if
they send you a package to the PO box
that's too big for your box they'll give
you like a little key to another box you
have to go find where like it's like a
temporary thing with it was like so much
fun and then we were like and then
whenever I was like we got a car
know but anyway all right I'm excited so
let's go ahead and open this up would
you like to open this we don't have like
room let's see where's a do you have a
knife uh I do but I don't know where
it's at I'm that positive how about we
just use a screw
okay oh be careful hey would you like me
to help you move on I made a hole okay
can you rip
it there we
go I can't do well this this is a big
package I know it's like 18 in by 18 in
right that's what she said all right so
what do we got here oh s you ready yeah
I already saw one thing okay we got a
letter oh it says hug Knuckles that's me
a that's me he meant to put hug Knuckles
TV hug Knuckles it's straight sealed I
got to open this all right so let's not
open that first let's open this first
it's a secret but know it's in it
already kind of I saw something see
something this is really like thick like
professional paper that's nice um okay
let's
see oh snap so s it looks like our both
you guys are lovable absolutely Charming
for the masses enjoy some Filipino and
Asian snacks some you tried are new
please have time to review snacks in the
YouTube videos thanks a lot my family
pick on top that's cool um oh and then
he posted some videos he wants us to
watch that that's cool which actually I
was going to watch that one this is the
one with Taylor Swift it's like it's a
girl pretending to be Taylor Swift yeah
and then J that's legit I love that he
like
sent videos 100% cotton Fusion this
paper's like professional paper some
intense MCE paper shout out Ernesto
thank you yeah shout out awesome what to
jump on those reactions okay all right
let's see what we got in
here okay wow show so first off let's
just show you this haul we got here um
this is what I was looking for this what
I was looking for remember okay so we
got these Tommy sweet corn like corn
chips but this is what I was looking for
I was looking for regular sweet corn and
we couldn't find it so we had golden
sweet corn what else we got here there's
two bags two bags of that one for you
one for me oh snap more boy
blang hot garlic flavor oh that's going
to be good the garlic ones I had in the
last snack video was like my favorite
snack overall like I have literally been
craving them hot garlic is straight up
my style cuz you like hot and you liked
the garlic yeah hot garlic is straight
up my style all right what's and then
we've got we got boyang um golden sweet
corn butter flavor oh nice we got two of
those we got two of
those yes more of my cracker nuts my
cracker nuts oh these are the hot and
spicy ones are they oh okay so last time
we had the Adoba one but everybody said
we got to try the hot and spicy I
couldn't remember but yes that's yeah we
got hooked up yeah it was adobo the last
one we got hooked up here we got hooked
up shut out we have apple gummy candy
that looks really good and that's
actually product of Japan is it that's
cool oh wow that is if drop of fresh
apple juice carefully pressed from the
reddest app this is hilarious I love
that
awesome I'm down for
this all right then we have it feels
like Christmas cracklings in old oh it's
like pork rind kind cracklings I don't
know it doesn't look like like pork
crackling so vinegar let's see R pork
Clarins it doesn't really say so don't
it doesn't say we'll have to taste it
tapioca starch yeah I'm not sure what
these are but I've heard people ask us
want to try krackin and I always thought
it was like pork rats yeah we have p
krackin and p Ryan so oh what is that oh
my gosh what D that's my
favorite yes I'm so put that
there's actually
[Music]
two oh snap what is
this more boy bang but it's a lechin
manic flavor what is that manic I don't
know what that is it looks like some
sort of chicken if you look at the
picture it looks like some sort of like
chicken or something I don't know it's
like roast chicken flavor pooy roast
chicken I'm down with that I'm totally
down with that ooh almond
Crush that looks good good oh it's Pocky
it's Pocky poy yeah that's from Japan
isn't it I don't know this is Pocky po
yeah product of Japan Pocky is from
Japan I'm all about that I've always
wanted to try
Pocky oh my God never I'm so excited
right now how do you know about poy
because I'm a child of the
internet as IW question I'm a child of
the internet that answers my question
I've seen like other people trying snap
this is heavy
t Malaysian
tea I love tea three in one Malaysian
tea rich and creamy with Rock Sugar so
what is it what kind of tea is it like a
green tea or like a regular like black
tea Rich Blend of fragrant black tea
that's what it is I'm so excited I love
I'm not going to try it I'm not a huge
tea person you love tea I love tea you
love tea well we live in the south of
the US so like everyone loves tea here
except for me cuz I'm from the north and
I'm not a big tea yes but I will try
this I'm totally down to try this and
has like sugar and stuff yeah all right
this what this is heavy cookies and
cream something oh my God Pon I've seen
people say thaton oh goldilock Manila
shortbread yeah people told us to go to
goalie loocks but we don't have one near
us yeah I think where was the close one
I remember there was one far away but I
remember someone told us to go to goal I
think the closest one was in Cali was it
really yeah and I think he sent this
from California right yeah
wow awesome awesome cookies and cream I
love cookies and cream anything cookies
and cream is like I'm so stoked Ernesto
shot biggest shout out I can't even give
a big enough shout out for this stuff I
can't wait to like make our video tast
we basically have an entire new video
here that we can make uh stuff from so
that's pretty cool it's awesome cuz we I
think we have more stuff than we had
last time well it's cuz we have doubles
of something we have dou shout out for
giv the dou we have dingdong but like
again it's a different flavor you know
what I mean like we did hot and spicy
last time didn't we yeah was it hot and
spicy we did we did hot and spicy the
only thing we do sweet corn we didn't do
the hot garlic we didn't do the butter
flavor we definitely didn't do Pocky um
or the Apple gummy candy these are
Japanese snack foods which we may pick
up some more Japanese snack foods and do
a video that kind of thing um but the
cracker and nuts we had the adobo last
time we need to like hurry up and I love
hot and spicy things though I want to
like yeah cuz I'm going to end up
getting into this and eating all that
was our problem last time you wanted to
like this is the one I think I'm
honestly most excited to try the chicken
or is like the one that's like roasted
chicken flavor because I love the
cornnuts we had last time and I like
chicken like I'm aan I can't wait I'm
really excited we need to like I'm going
to put all this back in here keep it
together so I don't eat everything right
now um but there's what what is the one
you're most excited to try um the one
I'm most excited to try is probably
going to be the also I want to see what
these crack ones are cuz I want know if
they're like C on the cookies and cream
the uh yeah the goldilock stuff I mean I
can I'm excited for the sweet corn I was
going to say the sweet corn when I tried
is that popcorn I don't know that's what
I'm wondering I'm not sure I don't want
to open it to try it it kind of feels
like it though it looks like little like
puffy balls like see cuz we tried uh the
Tommy or Tommy or whatever the sweet
corn corn chips and I didn't think I was
going to like those and I ended up
absolutely loving those even though I I
hate sweet corn which is why I'm
actually excited to try this because I
wonder if this is going to be as sweet
as I don't know cuz that was that tasted
like just sweet corn chip hot and spicy
cracker nuts I'm also like probably
equally as excited and then of course
the tea I can't wait to drink the tea
the tea is what I'm least excited for
just cuz I don't like tea but what I am
hoping for is I've I've really want to
get into tea it's one of those things
like I don't know like you know a lot of
people are into it so you're going to
get into it it's like when I started
drinking beer it's like everybody drank
beer and I didn't drink beer and I was
like I want to I want to drink beer and
be cool like it's same thing with tea
like there's so many cool like tea
houses and stuff it's like I really want
to get into it but I just I haven't
found the tea for me cuz that's same
thing with coffee same thing with beer
like most of the things like that you
kind of have to find the flavors that
like suit you yeah you know what I mean
yeah it was awesome yeah that was really
cool that was really cool um thank you
so much Ernesto shout out to Ernesto
shout out to Chia shout out to Michael
Rutherford who sent us a letter that we
highlighted last time if you guys send
stuff to the PO Box we will open it we
will show it in a video hopefully we get
more stuff in the future from you guys
cuz I really want to be able to put some
stuff up on the wall and like with uh
you know the the snack foods like we can
make an entire video out of that and
that's going to bring joy to so many
people so thank you so much uh to
Ernesto and his whole family yes and I
love the pictures and the requests yeah
exactly I love that that was that's so
cool U but we'll definitely make sure to
get those requests too and up posted
whatnot and like even if you know you
can't send a whole package like if you
justst a postcard like that was like
this is the coolest thing so much to me
because I mean you know we we don't like
check the post office box like a whole
lot just because you know we don't get a
whole lot of stuff so we kind of go like
maybe once a week or so but I will say
whenever somebody was like hey we sent
you a package or hey we sent you a
postcard we go like straight then and
there and it's just so exciting like it
makes our day you know well like the
reason we don't go as much is because
like when we did go we used to get like
the wrong mail like we'd get mail for
somebody else or like spam mail we get
like so excited and it would be like
yeah but I lost it when I when I got
that package we opened it up and I saw
this huge box and I was like I called my
parents like I don't know if like y'all
think that's a big deal but like to me I
was like this is cool like this is the
first like big thing somebody sent us
that like it just meant so much to me
that I wanted to like share it with my
family um um I don't know so that's same
thing with like the postcards and
Michael Rutherford's letter to us I was
like oh my gosh mom we got our first fan
mail oh my gosh we got our first mail
from the phpp with Michael rutherfords
it was hilarious because um my mom I
told her we got our first ban mail and
she's like was it another thing from
Chase yeah I remember that cuz our first
thing was like we got our first family
we made a video and it was just like
this we Community Chase fly like a bank
flyer or something and yeah I don't know
it's just really special you know
getting a getting a postcard getting
anything is really cool um but I mean
above and beyond sending that package I
mean I can't give a big enough shout out
cuz it's like it's really cool when we
get a letter it's really cool getting
postcards and stuff because it's like we
feel that attachment uh to you guys and
it really feels like I don't know we're
more connected than just talking to the
blank desert of the internet you know
what I mean like um but you know going
out of your way to to collect all the
stuff pack it up that cost quite a bit
of ship too so like I I'm just super
thankful like thank you very much yeah
thank you so much and it also like like
opens our our our eyes to like different
cultures and stuff you know like cuz
getting the Japan food like now we're
going to be able to try that kind of
food as well as the Philipino I'm super
about Pocky I want to try Pocky for I've
never heard of that so like so like
that's just like wa like that's awesome
like they have this and like the way
that they like package it and you know
we get to like experience all this
different stuff shout out to anesto
Felix for sending us this stuff it's so
crazy to me uh you know that that we
would receive anything um but I really
want to make a big deal out of it
because he went out of his way got all
this stuff for us it cost a lot of money
even just to ship it to us not only to
bring joy to us but we're going to make
a video revealing you know our our
review of all of the snacks that we got
from that um and I just feel like that's
so cool and it's part of giving back to
the community and the family it's like
hey we're making videos for you you're
helping us make videos is it's like
you're just as much a part of the team
and that's so cool to me so like thank
you so very much I really appreciate it
thank you thank you thank you and
everybody keep your eyes peeled on the
channel for that uh reaction to these
Foods because we are going to be popping
them open pretty soon and making that
video because we want to try them like
I'm so excited I'm
hungry hungry for some cookies and cream
shortbread there's a lot of good stuff
in there I'm so excited but uh if you do
want to send stuff to us it is down in
the uh description below our po. Box is
open and ready if you want to send a
letter you want to send a postcard a
picture anything yeah just send us just
be like hey that's it you don't even
going to say anything be like just send
me a postcard blank postcard just says
Hey and I'll be like I got you put a
button in there and be like this button
fell off my favorite pair of pants and I
wanted you to have it I'll put it on the
Shelf it'll go on the show I'll put it
on the show uh but thank you all so much
for watching this we appreciate each and
every one of you out there and that's
why when we do get stuff from you guys
we want to make sure to Showcase it and
talk about it in the videos cuz as
exciting as it is for us to receive
stuff from y'all hopefully as exciting
to you to see other people in the
community that are part of this family
just as much as you are um and we'll
have some more videos up soon thanks for
watching bye
