foreign
ERS basically four ideas or principles
of this Army the very the first one and
the most obvious one is simply me
breaking his hand just striking his hand
and going after the other hand as well
it's often called taking the fangs from
the snake what we're going to talk about
is the three principles that are about
stripping the weapon out of the hand
itself
three of them and not ordered in any
particular way the first one is this is
a snake this time where my arm as if it
was metaphorically a snake goes around
the vine and can basically peel the
stick is always going to come out either
if I take it out this way or if I take
it all the way out this way his hand can
only rotate so far so snickness times
wrap around the vine and then entangle
the arm and scrip it out that way or
wrap around the other way and strip out
this way and there's a number of
different examples or permutations of
that type of design the next one would
be a Vine disarm where I'm using the
vine of the Rattan as a Levering tool to
strip the weapon out that way again a
number of them you can do it with a
punyo same idea I'm using the the
Levering of the of the vine itself to
strip the weapon out the most efficient
and the hardest to counter is the the
snickness arms and the bindness arms are
very easy to counter if he doesn't mind
this arm to me
it's very simple if he does a snake
disarm to me I can easily counter him
and then disarm him again okay so it's
easy to counter those disarms so when he
strikes for me it doesn't matter when it
happens whether I expect him he's
directing me it doesn't matter a Stroop
disarm I basically take control of the
hand itself and using anything I can to
use his weapon as a lever I can strip
his weapon out so I can either use the
stick I can use my hip I can use my shin
I can capture it with my foot do it this
way I can use my punyo over here I can
use my Pluto this way any number of ways
I can strip it out the key thing with
doing script disarms is I don't want to
actually elicit a countering response
from him I don't want to do it in such a
way as much as it sounds like it might
be a good idea I don't want to do it in
such a way where I'm ripping it out of
his hand the problem with that is that
he's going to perceive the danger to his
hand his hand is extremely innervated
and it's very responsive so if he starts
to feel like it's going to be injured
it's almost like he has his hand in the
mouth of a predator and he's going to
immediately react to that and that
reaction could either either just
nullify my disarm or I might just get
hit because he feels like he's in danger
he might hit me okay so he stops
thinking about this and he starts
thinking about attacking me if I'm
disarming him correctly and you can see
compared to my hand rowell's hand is a
big solid piece of meat so he's a
perfect person to demonstrate on because
it really break it if he can that's it
it's not such an easy thing to pull that
out of his hand but what I'm going to do
and I'm going to drop my own stick for a
second to demonstrate it what I'm going
to do is I'm going to use leverage and
the weak part of his grip is actually
right there
what I want to do is with whatever I'm
doing it with I'm just going to use my
index finger here I'm just going to peel
it out of that grip so I'm not actually
ripping it through his grip again just
an index finger I'm just peeling it
around his grip so that principle is
going to be present no matter how I got
there so the permutation is immaterial
however I got there if I got there this
way I'm still peeling it out just like
that so before he even realizes these
disarms the stick is long gone
but if I do it this way if I go against
his grip he's going to either counter me
or he's going to feel this and he's
going to change it so I can't use it but
the way I do it before he ever feels it
it'll be out
can't really feel it and I don't really
need a weapon again the Levering so he
comes to strike to me so I might hit him
here I can do it here it's the same
disarm where I might catch him and lock
him up this way okay lock it if he
struck me again I can hear like the same
thing I can strip this out this way
there's still a strip there so I'm going
to still come again here I'm still
taking it out the same way where I'm
peeling it out of his grip so I'm
controlling the way he's holding a stick
so if I have it on this side I can grab
it here I peel it around his thumb and
out of his fingers comes right out so
each time it's that same principle
applied the number of techniques is
almost infinite because it depends not
only on what I know but on what he
presents to me the stick might be here
it might be up here against me this way
I might have it here there's so many
different possible permutations that it
could come from that I have to
understand it's like a disarm here still
a strip disarm because I'm pushing this
out now here if I was here I'll hit this
I can just grab his Ponyo still a strip
disarm same principle exactly so you say
there's four but just strip disarms can
be thousands of disarms
