man give it a minute maybe eat some
polar I have it sitting right here oh
yeah wait I feel like we're diagonal
diagonal
toe ups first huh how do you get rid of
this what was that I kinda wanted to
read it
hello everybody know what's up you guys
escape thank you oh yeah and we just
wanted to do this live I feel like we're
finally I feel like we're I don't you
feel like we're like we don't ever jet
like all the way I'm still taking naps
like during the day like yes if you guys
know like Seattle time is pretty much 16
hours ahead so like when I mean it's
pretty much it's almost midnight here
it's 11 o'clock and I think it's Friday
3 o'clock over there
so it's total total opposite it is the
first the first day I got back or we got
back I took me out then I had to work
the next day and I fell asleep at work
like five times as ridiculous yes I was
really surprised because when we got to
the Philippines we were like we're doing
so good like we adjusted within probably
48 hours we were pretty
we were napping a little bit but like we
were tired at night but right I feel
like we adjusted pretty quickly right
but coming back this has been how many
days that we've been back almost a week
oh yeah tomorrow it'll be a week and
we're still still taking like long naps
during the day I'm not going to sleep
until like 5 o'clock in the morning like
what even right so high let's see who is
on here let's try to get to as many of
these comments I feel like we should
drive um tulips is here first and wing
and John hello Kelsey third good job
a cuz hi John hello Mae hi thank you for
joining us
relationshipgoals boy junk Vince
hello Uriel Jarek hi from the rain
research I don't know where's my ring I
don't know
watching you from Cebu that's I think I
feel like Cebu should be your next
destination but you know everybody was
like you didn't go to Subaru yeah
cheesecake hello Giancarlo says what was
your favorite part of the Philippines
[Music]
there's there's too many there's too
many
like I can start off by saying like
palawan like I would go back to Palau
unlike in her own blowin korone yeah
like yeah but um but I really liked more
sets concert like there's just so many
there's so many things there's so many
things I can't even nicely we went on
the wish bus like you can't that's just
an unfair question I can't I can't
answer that yeah I feel like I don't
know favorite part of Philippines I feel
like the first part of our trip to the
Philippines was more of a like vacation
you know it was more exploring adventure
and location we visited a lot of my
family too so like it wasn't all like
that I guess business but like it was
nice to catch up with family that I
haven't seen him like you're really long
right but it was it was more like
exploring an adventure and like things
that we've never done so that part of it
was really exciting but the second week
we were there was all adobo sandwich
stuff and like things that we never
dreamed would happen meeting people we
never dreamed we would meet so I came
and compare the two and what was our
favorite like I can't even you can't
can't like don't I don't I can't even
try to try to answer that but they were
so amazing in totally different ways
right yeah yeah and I mix I'm excited to
get these vlogs I I literally
just probably like two minutes ago right
before this I released our part 2
trailer for that I mean the vlogs
they're gonna take a while to edit but I
thought you know you guys might
appreciate the trailer so the trailers
would give you a kind of a little taste
of what the vlogs are gonna be like
right yeah um somebody I don't know but
seeing what somebody right here uh nor
hand nor Anita said did you vlog when
you met Morissette yes you did
yeah I mean yeah and a Debbie asked what
is your favorite Filipino food so far
what is yours
Gav I'll say my next what I mean I have
my favorites but what I enjoyed there
and the most the c-synch
like yeah you cannot use here I thought
you like said no I'm I'm just saying
yeah okay
oh yeah yeah okay so it's not yours but
like the sisig I mean only in the
Philippines does it taste like that like
there's I've tried seasick year before
but like every time you order it like
they they order they put it on like a
hot plate and we had SI saket razones
yeah I see some lobster king that SI
saket
DMR a like her own we had into guys yeah
yeah my favorite was my favorite in the
Philippines like while we were there was
I don't know what was called was a
cookie and bungalows bungalows which is
surprising because Kailyn does not like
you know I don't nobody don't like fish
but I would never I just don't like fish
better than other thing else other
proteins so I never pick why what did
you like what did you like about though
it was the first thing we had it was at
razones and it was because the Amari
hurts owns it was B mark it was humor
yeah humor was the first place we had to
I don't even know if I tried it their
own oh yeah yeah right no yeah but like
we got it at razones and your mom was
like have some have them had them and I
was like no I'm okay
and she was like have some yeah
and so I tried Paul it was that night it
was that night right that night um that
night it was that night I remember I
remember yeah I remember that yeah yeah
and I so I had some and I was I was like
all right all right like I didn't really
want to waist stomach space on something
bright didn't love yeah and so I had it
I was like what yeah this never would
have thought she's not like fish
calamansi flavored like fish fry it like
had calamansi like yeah with a Sukkah to
their yes yeah and it was so the but
nose I mean it's just like I I had like
Filipino food and stuff like that but
it's just different in the Philippines
just different
Oh tulips said it is Philippines
national fish oh that also yeah that was
it was so good and I tried some of the
other kinds of fish and they were good
but never so I wish I want to learn how
to make it your dad said they fell it
here yeah but it's just not the same
like I love how like yeah you know
people serve stuff on hot plates here
but it's like everything over there and
it's just like when you put it in your
mouth it's just like super hot oh my
gosh I want to go back no one go back I
know and we had sinigang a lot yeah oh
yeah ton yeah a lot of uh let's go up a
little bit okay um sherry mad I don't
hear to stop her here Kelly let's go see
was that we're excited to glad with you
guys yeah you guys know hugs is doing
like a podcast that's that's exciting
you just did the first one straight joe
rogan style maybe I that's a podcast I
was new but how you said he would
feature us as a guest or something like
that so hugs dick you're here yeah let's
let's do it let's talk anyways yeah we I
was gonna contact Sam on but yeah I
deleted all of my apps well we
in the Philippines because I had no
space on my phone and we were watching
more sets caught yeah we were at was
that more sets concert if we were at
more such concert and I was like sitting
before the concert I was on my phone I
was just deleting all my apps like I
need regular phone temper snapchat all
right
I know so but we got I mean oh I'm so
excited for the vlogs guys the vlogs are
gonna be higher like for real like I
don't know what I want to ask you guys a
question what would I mean some of you
who have been following their trip you
guys know what we did we went to pull on
one we went to tag I tie we went to all
the concerts and stuff like that what
are you looking forward to the most
about our trip watching in the vlogs
leave it in the comment was up dark in
the house did you guys eat lunch on yeah
we everything ya know everything except
did you go on and I won't really wanted
to try did you go on but it didn't
happen
yes um and Jennifer um just I give a
shout out to my baby Jala hello Chile
screening um I feel really bad wife
because I made a promise and I know I
know what you're gonna say yeah keep it
and it wasn't on purpose but I promise
that if we met you go said it and Rico
said it he's got yeah and everybody was
while we were over there people are like
ones killing and evil oh I know I think
I'm so busy I mean we're not gonna do
bullet the first week because we were in
Pahoa on and we we were just like oh
we'll do it in Manila and we'll like
tell people where we are and invite them
and then we'll do a live like with me
eating it with game or what I don't know
nothing but it just never I don't know
it we got busy I guess it just didn't
happen and so I'm not a liar I will do
it maybe we're gonna live we'll do a
separate video of you yeah I'm from yeah
yeah yeahs rail says you're live
reaction on Katrina Blair is gig the one
with
today isn't complete because it because
we ran out of data but I wish we
completed that because the rest of the
performance was was fired like everybody
said before we went to the Philippines
they're like hey Internet's not very
good here or just so you know and we
were kind of like yeah whatever yeah
we'll just by internet fine
like yeah and the Internet yeah and we
stuck with the live is because like I
wanted we wanted to get stuff out but we
didn't have time to edit so I know we
got grilled like a ton about our quality
but it is what it is guys uh ASAP more
set runs Shaw reaction yeah check that
out Dre's in the house what's up Dre Dre
Dre Dre I got something special for you
I just just okay yeah we were saving
these for you Dre just in case we got
like a few left Dre came to our meeting
gree and he like hooked us up with Paula
rod uh-huh there's a cookies-and-cream
one left can we do that no anyway yeah
he gave us like a variety of like Pulver
on and like from Goldilocks like
Goldilocks is the best polar and yes
cookies and cream Paul run that's just
that's just that's just a good idea
yeah let's see how he says we forgive
you for the low quality Thank You Kelsey
yeah yeah we were just trying to do the
best that we could and I don't know
involving you guys we didn't know it was
gonna be so bad right yeah how's your
meet with Mark said it was it was it was
it was awesome
surreal family she was really busy and
I'm so glad that she made time for us
and I just I was so grateful because it
was like it was like probably one of the
biggest nights of what her right I know
was her biggest only first solo concert
and she made time for us after the show
which was insane it was like what time
was it look 12 o'clock at night 11:30 at
night or something yeah yeah
and she made time for us were like right
I was so grateful fan art factory's in
the house
with some fanart what is up
[Music]
Roberson said eat and whistle with the
poll firown' um somebody me do that at
the meet-and-greet wait for the vlogs
wait for the vlog it's good stuff sure
Dre you know we're talking
I think you ant you and my sister cuz
Dre challenge you he was like he's like
you guys gotta eat this and then you
guys got a whistle yeah and he said that
it means you're like a good kisser yeah
yeah I was able to I was able to do it
yeah I can't even whistle hey guys I'm
just gay but I know Gabe couldn't do the
job
I can't who can't whistle moving on the
reaction of my Jets will be a trend that
you guys start oh yeah
Julie let me just say something about
Julie really quick like Julie is amazing
like she's so like humble like you hear
it but like actually like talking to her
and like interacting with her and like
sharing fries with her I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna put that out there
because like it was a it was a proud
moment of our trip but like she just she
just you know she's just like made sure
we were like comfortable and like it was
it was really cool like the Japs angels
threw her a party after Sunday penis
ayah and that was just that was one of
the highlights immersion yeah Julie's
yeah I just she just put so much time
aside to be with her fans and we were
able to be there and was really cool
right yeah um sure he said how macho
says how do you find Manila um we don't
know like what did you think about
Manila Oh like when we went to okay so
most of you guys know I guess that we're
really following us along closely but
when we went to Manila we flew into
Manila and then we were only there just
to get adjusted to the time really like
for a day or two and then um and then we
flew straight to her own in Palawan
right and so we went straight into like
culture shock for us yeah and yeah and
then from there
we came back to Manila and so it was a
lot more less of a culture shock I don't
know yeah if we like it was like oh so
bad BGC was last if we like went to BGC
and then like kind of transition and
then like well BGC is nicer than like
where we live but bcc's legit but yeah
yeah like it was a crazy culture shock
korone yeah you know and but I mean it
was we had to kind of ease into it but
once we ease into it like it's such such
a beautiful place with beautiful people
and like so accommodating and things
like that right yeah I agree
and I feel like something that we
learned the first day or the second day
I think we when we flew into the Palau
on the corona Airport right I was like
alright I'm just gonna wait sorry I was
just like all right I'm gonna wait to go
to the bathroom until we get to Corona
like I'm fine
and so we got took her own and I went to
the bathroom and I came back out and was
like there's no toilet paper there's no
soap like there's mom's like yeah I know
that was like that was that was the
biggest culture shock for you like even
going certain places there was no toilet
paper and holders know but like from
that day on I carried like toilet paper
and hand sanitizer my bag and I was like
all right I'm ready for me anything oh
yeah yeah that's right yeah you like
yeah you carry the toilet paper I'm
gonna go back up here somebody asks do
we mean it Reggie with Regina at the
concert oh my god I know I didn't know
anybody really know I think she left
because I think that's why I asked Jack
or I asked someone who was helping us
out I was like is Regina here and I
think they said like no she left and I
was like I mean just seeing her Jean
like that was such a surprise that was
amazing Vince said culture shock in what
sense going to her own like I just
coming from America and where we where
we live where I don't know like
it was how do you explain the culture
shock yes
it's very I don't know the word but it's
it's not as you know like modern as
America no America what we're used to is
if you guys were used to is like BGC
like BGC is yes you know that's what
we're used to so just compare BGC to her
own and yeah that's what it you know
there's no skyscrapers in Corona right
there's a lot of like there's a lot of
like you know their houses are made of
like BAM some like when you go kind of
towards the like there was there was a
lot of like like a shacks or like Gabe's
dad so there were squatters and stuff
right but like there was a lot of I
don't know it was just like kids like
we're running around and here it's like
people don't let their kids right it's
just go anywhere and it's like kids were
kids were selling things you know
running shops right they were I don't
know it was just it was amazing yeah so
watch and one thing that I will say
about her own is that people there were
so happy you know they're just happy
with what they got and make it it just
put you just gave me perspective it it
brings tears mash is like thinking about
it not going to be all emotional but
like it's like people I feel like people
in our area and her like where you know
in our part of America it's like we have
we have a lot you know right we're and
we don't even we have a lot of material
stuff but I know but like people here
depend on it whereas like in corral like
even yeah when you walk around here I
just feel like in general
people are like stressed out yeah down
and whatever and people in curl and they
were just all so happy and I love that I
loved I loved her own yeah somebody
mentioned the wish bus coming to
Hollywood
yes so we got to we were on the wish bus
it yeah I mean if you guys followed us
we're all know which bus we got
interviewed by DJ Robin and DJ Faye that
was also crazy wait for the vlogs in the
how and I was like I was I was crazy
yeah it was is crazy I'm not gonna give
away too much you just gotta wait for
the logs but um yeah it's it's gonna
it's gonna be cool but I really could
talk to one yeah okay that's okay
we got it's only 11:30
I don't know anyways okay what were we
talking about
oh yeah the wish bus coming a Hollywood
yes so we talked to um yeah we talked to
Kuya Daniel Daniel the pretty much the
creator of the witch bus and like you
know just talking to him I'm so excited
with like what they got you know coming
up it's it's amazing yeah like it's it's
super cool stuff and it would be awesome
if we could see the opening a bit yeah
anyway so dark said snoring at BG sees
so we dark he's you came all the way
from the Philippines he came all the way
from Australia and we it was cool
because we got to go to Fiji see and
watch a movie well yeah they watched
black can't do it tell a story tell this
nice because we were like needing a
little bit of downtime late you know and
dark about the theater sorry darker
gonna embarrass you so bad so okay so we
got ticket like so it was so nice dark
bought his tickets to of the movie and
we got in there and realized that it was
like a VIP right no I know but it was
like the VIP theater where like you get
like double there's like the doubles
right so these the chairs in the theater
were like love seats they're like
they're like leather couches yeah they
were like like double leather couches
and then they you know they had like the
popcorn so like that next to it and they
were super night it was super nice but
like we've got in there were like um so
it was like me and gave and then like a
whole wall separated us from the dark
and then he had he had like a somebody
sitting next to him right the dark was
sharing a seat with someone else we
thought it was funny but anyways yeah I
felt bad over the wall I was one black
there's a good it was good I will say
that there are so many malls in Manila
yeah there's so many mall take you know
everywhere we stayed there was a mall no
more than two minutes away like some
kind of shopping center it's crazy like
you guys have models everywhere like how
how do like they stay in business like
there's so many so many so many places
to buy stuff from it's just it's crazy
because here yeah
the there's no nobody goes to the mall
right here you certain almost even like
on a Saturday you go to like the big
malls here and there's there's not a lot
of people yeah everybody buy stuff
online right
yeah but there I won't fit in the
Philippines core in the mall yeah yeah
it's super super chill and I like yeah
teen said did you sing on D wish bus
absolutely not I was gonna say something
but you got there's so much stuff I want
to say but you guys just gotta wait for
the vlogs because they're they're
they're funny but what being on a wish
bus was like surreal like like what
reacting to people on the wish bus and
yeah it's like I was there yeah it was
they were really chill yeah yeah
ours is there's a comment somebody
somebody asks oh and sorry these company
the scrolling comments thing goes crazy
but somebody asked about Katrina and
gosh Katrina was oh my god Katrine like
all of Katrina is like song selection
like I don't know because I just want to
make a statement that Katrina like if
you if you guys haven't seen Katrina
like one of her gigs and like live you
are missing out like I don't know how
follower Instagram she she has free gigs
and everything like that go to the gig
and thank me later like Katrina is
freaking legit and she's she's super
nice again wait for the blogs you'll see
yeah it's up in you and we went live a
couple times
at Katrina's gig so that was pretty cool
so that did that was it was creating it
was crazy because to me from what we
reacted you were like she's a big deal
like to me you know and to us and I feel
I don't know I like we pulled up to the
venue that she was she was at and it was
like a you know a bar and stuff and she
was just sitting outside on the table
right I was like her hair to Trina I was
like yeah it's a minute so they hi yeah
so yeah that was that was crazy it was
like right I know
yeah so cool meeting her it was anything
yeah he said it how's traffic traffic
let's yeah moving on traffic was traffic
was okay we after after like the first
week we kind of got the hang of and we
realized that we had like leave like 30
minutes earlier than what we expected so
it was that was crazy everybody had said
everybody warned us like traffic's
horrible right like traffic's really bad
and you're like all right yeah right
it's me bad I know I think it's not it's
not bad it's like dangerous oh my god oh
it's like Gabe knows I was saying oh I
know
we almost rolled yeah we almost rolled
down like would you say that in Tagaytay
mount mount - aw we almost we almost
fell it fell to our deaths in the car
that was but that wasn't trapped that
was less traffic in or I think no but
our taxi driver or whatever a driver yes
he was just like zipping there's like a
road down to the beach and we didn't get
it on film but Gabe was sleeping and me
varible sitting back there yeah and
we're just like and he was going down
this windy road could have died he just
who totally like yeah like okay Ben even
wake up I know I was actually asleep but
you told me about me marry but I was
like I was like this
very scary the traffic is crazy
luckily like ubers you know ubers you
know came through in the clutch
over there we just took movers
everywhere so it was cool yeah John
asked if we were able to talk to Katrina
we did we got a doctor for a little bit
before her show yes we were like the
first ones there yeah I know so you just
you have a Jewish guy like a mango
shaken stuff yeah
how about Julianne yeah I talked about
Julianne she's amazing step L boy what's
up hey the Japanese shows here oh sub
Anthony show Anthony show your do you
vlog yes we vlog doing that Morissette
can't wait for the logs I just released
the trailer check it out
what else what else do we wear what else
do we say we're gonna talk about just
like how did you just say we're gonna
just the Anthony Shores that are they
even reading our comments yeah when when
I started telling you stories hectic day
yeah yeah I killed Danny Boy but who's
who else's boy okay anyways oh yes
somebody asked if we tried bucco pie we
did we got it for it yes somebody gave
it to us and it was really good yeah the
bucco pie was good like that I think we
got it oh I remember who gave it to us
it was at the jabs concert but like yeah
I mean yeah it was good but that's
enough that's another thing I want to
say like everywhere we went like like
Philip you know the the people were like
so like hospitable and like they just
like gave us gifts like the
meet-and-greet we got a lot of gifts but
like even other places we went we got
like just people just gave us gifts and
it was it was amazing it like me made us
feel really good
so yeah you're not expected yeah yeah
yeah um yeah
what did yeah that was I can't right now
saying interactive I'm sorry I'm trying
to keep up on comments
somebody said most of the drivers here
especially the other drivers they want
to Formula race driver one of you I
could set I can see that I could see
that yeah that's pretty funny you know
like me during the airport during we
were on our way to the airport and our
we got an uber and Gabe's parents got an
uber separated so me beg and we got
there no joke like 30 was it 30 minutes
so for your parents yeah our driver was
in mobbin right it we were just like and
it was any he was driving in the middle
of the lane like right over the line so
like nobody could pass us but it was
cool we worked out for us but yeah yeah
no he just liked wrote yeah he just
drove on the middle right away he's like
I'm not letting him pass me right yeah
but I know it was cool the traffic was
crazy the traffic was crazy
somebody said you should have been to
the more set the more set victory party
that was no I think I think left Friday
right and JP JP mess is just JP part of
the monadic shouting a DJ DJ shout out
to the mowing out except shout - PJ like
I just they went so out of the way to
like accommodate us and like if we
stayed till Sunday oh we would have we
would have been there so I know we see
but we got to do so much more than we
thought we were gonna be able to and
people just were just so accommodating
it's amazing yeah yeah PJ the school I
said by PJ during the concert yeah yeah
I was and then the perfect one of them
white eggs behind us did you hear she
could she kept like screaming at the top
of her lungs I said yeah I was yeah yeah
dark house he would are you still in
Cebu dark no I think he he commented
earlier that she got back yesterday back
you know
Australia yeah dark where those vlogs at
man you can get the vlog out bro
did it did you know somebody asked how
was our meet and greet yeah
meet and greet was wise I mean great was
awesome I don't want to give away too
much but I will say we had a special
guest for those for those of you who
didn't see the pictures and like shout
out to Selena I don't know if she'll
watch this but Selena organized our
Jollibee meet-and-greet and like it was
like it was like the full you know the
full shindig like it was awesome I'm so
excited to get those vlogs out but like
yeah they were just really accommodating
the turnout was really good yeah and
everybody it was really cool that was
one of the coolest things to meet people
like we're talking to you right now face
to face
right yes I agree it was it was crazy
and we we kind of went into it were like
all right like we have no idea what to
expect and what people expect and it was
just it was better than I could have
ever writing to know people I just I'll
never forget that yeah and I mean
speaking of oh yeah there you go
what you know about that this I'm not
gonna say it's her favorite gift but
like she was every so especially in BGC
there is everything there's like a
Starbucks in every corner BGC and every
time we went to a Starbucks she's like
she's I gave I want to get that yeah I
want to get that a Starbucks manila mugs
but like that was cool to open it you
guys yeah can we got a couple key chains
we have our key chains yeah and Rudy did
an unboxing she was do another unboxing
I know I was wondering like somebody
commented that they wanted us to show
like what souvenirs we brought back and
I was like oh we should buy yeah check
out have them check out our unboxing
video yeah we got like just a couple a
couple of small souvenirs yeah yeah
magnet girl said did you try hollow
hollow
yes we had a hollow hollow probably
every day if not every other day and my
favorite what would you say where would
you say we went to a lot of restaurants
where would you say your favorite hollow
is I don't
I can isolate one place I feel like we
had it so many places I think it was
good I think we got sick up like or was
it the mango it might have been the
mango shake god no no it was the pork
anyways don't say the restaurant I don't
want to know it wasn't it was just like
some place I don't think we had there's
a couple days over here okay yeah under
the weather but I think my favorite
hollow hollow has to be at it was
probably Josephine's into guide tie and
then after that razones razones hollow
hollows like really simple there's no
like you made a mistake but it was
pretty tasty I like razones razones food
is good I'm trying to think of my
favorite place the yellow favorite place
to eat was lobster king in corona and
really good and just a little just
another little teaser we tried something
very exotic Kayla tried something very
exotic wait for the vlogs for that one
but you guys won't want to miss it
because it's it's pretty entertaining so
umm yeah anyways so happy what you find
redemption oh yeah more cooking videos
said by car Carmela
Oh Carmela we got a lot of V I keep
going back to the logs but like probably
no joke 30% of the vlogs is gonna be
like food stuff more and yeah and I will
say like we collaborated with a couple
of entities and yeah it was really cool
so those those I'm actually gonna
release those before the vlogs because
they're something totally different you
know I'm saying so yeah stay tuned for
that it's gonna be yes yeah
Oh were you able to show the jolly view
toy to the kids where is our job yeah
it's in Oliver he put it with other
animals a shout-out to jelly bean okay
yeah the kids loved it yeah yeah
Kuya Dre take care quick Dre you're
heading out
thanks man hi Dre you
I have to say something that was super
cute I even tell gave this it happened
earlier today when you hurt work but um
Lily was looking through my phone like
looking at pictures like I don't know
she just Scrolls through my pictures and
um she saw a picture of me and Gabe and
more set and she was like she was like
oh there's mommy and daddy and a
princess what's wrong really calm or a
set of prints yeah that's more set and
she's like I wish I could see princess
more set princess princess more set
that's very fitting and like oh my gosh
I'm so excited for more set like there's
she's got a lot of stuff that it's it's
amazing like all the stuff she has she
has plan it's gonna be crazy yeah yeah
that's really cute
yeah killer probably tried to kind of
look or crocodile stay tuned I will say
are no crocodiles
I just gotta be do they import for the
crocodile see see
no there's crocodiles I think there's
somebody said there's crocodiles your
dad did yeah yeah how are the kids I
missed seeing them in your glogs
they're good and it was it was it was
nice that was like that was so awesome
to like see them after that long that
was we were gone for such a long time to
be away from kids like those of you with
kids like only you can understand what
to be away from their kids for the week
or I mean two weeks like it was pretty
hard we had to like turn off that oh
yeah we don't want to spend her time in
Philippines being sad right so yeah it
was good right if somebody asked how my
experience was there um right right I'm
just enjoying it I saw it going back
here but um but yeah somebody asked if
if people if I start out and like being
white right yeah I
I felt like I was really surprised going
to everybody was like nobody was oh yeah
oh yeah everybody was super nice
everywhere we went but I'm going to
korone like imple Owen there was a lot
more tourists yeah and there were in
Manila there was yeah there was there
was a lot more way because her own is
white yeah there's there's there's more
foreigners but yeah corona
cuz it's more of a vacation spot
manoah's like right it was weird
going to like this small area korone
ends up and then going back to Manila
and seeing like a lot less tourists
right you know there there also is a lot
of foreigners in BGC too that's why
there was a few moreand right but my
experience was very well very good and I
was you know everybody treated us really
nice right it was amazing it was cool
I'm not safe like you know we felt safe
yeah I know yeah
dull Manila I mean so the Philippines is
safe like I mean I feel like anybody who
travels like a cross or I mean anywhere
anywhere like they haven't been before
like somewhere like the Philippines it's
it's not I mean it's intimidating at
first but I mean I would go there it's
such a good spot to go like the
Philippines like I would so go again yes
no I I'm the next opportunity we we have
so we were like out walking late some
nights and Sara and I didn't feel I feel
like I was I'd be more worried walking
here right that's for sure I feel I feel
safer walking in the Philippines
anywhere in the Philippines that I do in
certain areas akkad Isles
uh cracks e-cig yeah yeah you guys keep
guessing somebody somebody mentioned
Sarah Geronimo yeah so this is hurt we
were you know we always get a lot of
Sarah her on requesting I didn't post
anything about that but no I mean off
this is off topic like with the Sarah
fans we are huge Sarah fans I know
there's a lot of Sarah fans in here
trust me if we like if it was less of a
risk to we will still watch her videos
but to react to him it's to risk like I
opened my email
two days ago our adobo sandwich you know
and there was just no joke there was
like 30 or 40 claims on the Sarah her
people yeah and we took them down right
like Sarah her animal reactions
I just don't think like whoever is in
charge likes people right I don't know I
don't know you guys like your guesses
thank you I feel like that maybe they
don't want people reacting to them for
some reason I just I don't want to step
on their chili we don't want to get in
trouble right and Sarah and we don't go
to share our appreciation writer we need
to do something like private yeah we
love Sarah and we're not ignoring yeah
requests by okay cope a COPI laylee he
said where are you guys up so late i
just got up to get some water LOL are
you in seattle coping I know
did you go to the underground river no
didn't um I gave you should have tried
I would probably did I don't know what
that is what we probably did we tried so
much food it was crazy
Oh Jason co-surgeon says you're like
mumbling you watch this every words here
don't come in no like chanting well once
I still read them by um yeah sign
everything says it's their first time
catching us live hello what's up name is
javi hello we always get comments after
our lives like mr. live I was doing
something amazing Gabe I missed the
green senses
Thank You Mae I appreciate that thank
you ones bitter I got so much shade no
pun intended I get so much shaved for
wearing those things but they're not
going away like I'm cute like I said you
know one of our lives like
I just wear those glasses like wherever
it's sunny like if you guys watched my
art Arizona vlogs I'm wearing this green
shades but like every every like why we
did or every picture you posted
everybody is like wearing those shades
but guys in Philippines who's kind of
got bent yeah and he knew ray-bans Uribe
green hills a green nose so I got a
backup backup hair somebody commented
earlier they want us to say maraming
they really wanted to say this is a lot
and they wanted to hear how we said it I
can't remember all excellent yeah yeah
we just wanted to say um I don't have
the names in front of me but thank you
just everybody yeah it made this trip
possible not just our GoFundMe donations
but it was amazing um we met our goal
and can't even my mind is blown like
that was amazing and everybody in the
Philippines that helped us out helped us
get to each place that we dream without
going right everywhere we went there was
other people's and people like reached
like a lot of the stuff we did was
wasn't even planned it was like people
are reaching out to us and be like hey
you know you can do this and we were
like yes absolutely let's do it and then
yeah it was so cool yeah I know it was
crazy but all in all our trip was
amazing and I can't wait for you guys to
see it so right yeah you know what one
thing I didn't we didn't see is I really
wanted to check out like them like the
big malls like mega mall or like Mall of
Asia no yeah yeah that would have been
cool though right yeah somebody said
there was an ice skating rink on the top
sure that's somebody to the mall then we
were there yeah huh interesting
I know I think yeah Joshua says will you
go back to the pH with your kids I hope
so maybe when they're older like I think
I mean we just kept saying like while we
were at the trip like we're so glad the
kids weren't there because it would've
been so
like we we hyped up like amount to all
like we went like ziplining and stuff
like that and like having even one of
the kids there it would have made stuff
like so much so much harder right we can
I feel like every time we rode in a
tricycle try all the recycle oh yeah and
every time we rode out of those we were
like right here right yeah and then like
you just we would have to get like two
or I'd have to get like two overs
everywhere like just getting over whoo
yeah so maybe I feel like we'll bring
the kids when they're a little older and
out of like car seats but probably not
anytime soon yeah
what was your reaction when you saw
Queen Regina and Morissette concert we
got that reaction I got it is in the
chamber like what what we kind of did is
we had like the phone in front of us and
or the camera in front of us and like
when it was like a new number like we I
mean it was just it was our natural
reaction but like my emotions were so
like overtaken by like what was
happening yeah it's pretty cool so I'll
put there that's gonna be in the vlog so
that's yeah it's gonna be exciting
hi kalasa from Hong Kong Wow yeah Hong
Kong yeah that was that was crazy
somebody said Eduardo said Mike Michael
thing killin em why don't you see him we
when we got there we kind of reached out
where we could right and then we were
like all right we'll reach out to more
people and we're gonna but we were just
I don't even I don't know if it was
traffic or what but it our days got
filled up right it was crazy
yeah yeah it was really nice we really
enjoyed it Oh Edward - Edward do the
kids like the candles I bought them
wait wait oh the candies the candles oh
yeah we can yes I guess I could yeah yes
yes it was is that our meet and greet
shout out to that was the candies you
got like the they were like Elsa I don't
like he got he got that
these action figure for Oliver and on an
Elsa frozen theme for Lily and they were
pop rocks and it's like every day every
time Lily does something good she's like
can I have a yeah a pop rock Edward I
right yeah I kill was upstairs and Louie
was asking for the candy and I wouldn't
give it to her because she had to finish
her breakfast and like she started
crying and she like went upstairs and s
you really can't do anything but I know
yeah they really like those candies so
you know did not have to do that all huh
amazing well we should probably yeah
it's getting pretty late
I just wanna cuz there's a lot more
questions I just wanted to try to get to
as many as yes you can but I can't read
it watching what do you tell me oh I
just said somebody commented what do you
think about the overall price of
everything in the Philippines most
American thinks it's so cheap what did I
think it's true Shyne everything said
that yeah um I feel like there were a
lot of things that were really cheap
like in Palawan and Kron like things
were really cheap compared to what we
would pay here but in Manila I feel like
things were priced they were cheaper
cheaper I think but like the what is it
like in the mall in the the places the
brand stores that like we have here and
right there the same price like in input
like things like say massages like we
got so massages in America are like
minimum like 80 bucks 70 to 80 bucks I
don't even think you can get so they're
like that's hundred and right well okay
so 100 so that's like that would be like
110 American dollars for 50 minutes
right saying that's so 100 and that's
that's like 5000 pesos 5000 pesos for a
massage and a massage fifty minutes and
then massages in the Philippines are
like four five wait yeah 5,000 pesos for
own shot in the Philippines are like 500
pesos so
we yeah so we took it event like the
last day we were there in BGC we're like
hey let's go find somebody to massage
and it's not so it's really nice and we
tips them really good and you know we
loved it we we really tried everywhere
that we went to to buy things from the
local you know like the local shops and
the local people and just as like I
don't I don't know if a little way to
give back to ya we are trying to you
know what I mean support like not go to
all of the American places right but um
you know I mean my dream
yeah like Gabe says they went to
Starbucks every day I think or disturb X
every day I went to like no I went to
other like local coffee shops only found
you know no is legit was at Jake oh the
donut place oh my gosh you guys been to
Jake oh that don't give you a donut when
I call I know so like there's like this
yin-yang donut that I was digging but I
like where were the restaurants there
that work there's Jake oh there was um
we went to yellow cab went to Greenwich
pizza obviously Jollibee I don't know
there's so many like I have to rewatch
the our video to let him remember
yeah Jake owes legit know somebody said
Jake owes an Indonesian come yeah it's
very good right yeah um there was there
was a couple other coffee places that
were really good yeah there's cut the
coffee there's this one who I heard this
doctor was back cuz I can't even write a
TT city where did we stay in Metro
Manila we stayed in Pasig and then
Makati and then BGC yeah when we were in
Manila and we pretty much I think we
stayed in a hotel in and right by green
hills in Makati that mokona mean hills
where are green hills yeah right by
green hills we stayed in a hotel but
other than that I think we err being
beat it Emily yeah we accept yeah you
said except for the hotel right yeah
yeah yeah I went to BGC super cool it's
just crazy that in Manila there is such
a wide range of like
what the city has to offer variety yeah
yeah Kelsey says she likes green hills
yeah I like I like green hills we
brought a bunch of stuff there but I'm
happy I will say like it was funny
because when we went to kind of like the
local shops like in Kayla wanted to buy
something like and she was on the fence
they were like oh it's this many pesos
and I really liked that and then my dad
went in and said hey I'll buy I wanna
buy this they like the the price is a
lot cheaper like for my dad you know
speaks Tagalog so I thought that was
funny that you know they wanted to
charge kale a little bit I could not get
a deal like I was like oh like hey maybe
I can get a deal like like your dad was
saying never pay the price they say like
you know get a barter yeah they're like
he's like yeah try bartering like I was
maybe I'm just not good at it yeah I'm
not good at like right yeah so and it
was so like I was like oh maybe I'll try
and get like a wallet or something like
that but I got um I just got really
bombarded and I don't make decisions
under pressure
yeah and I was just like people like oh
yeah I do this on this one yeah yeah
this is perfect for you and I'm like
yeah so like I'll come back I can't like
right yeah it was so hard I wanted to
get was that I was right yeah
Tony says hi guys have you seen the
hugging of oh sorry
ice cold I lost it I lost it it's gone
forever it's gone forever
I don't know what it was I just I just
bought everything for the priority told
me yeah yeah we didn't try fish balls we
didn't I don't know why like I saw it on
a when we were driving on a motorcycle
and below on but yeah other than that
like would you like the only street food
we really tried was like and I don't
know if you even consider it treat food
isn't cronin it was the banana q yeah
Turin
terone yeah which is legit in the
Philippines yeah I know I know
um well
well well oh yeah I just um not turn to
me rude or anything but I just drink
like a whole cup of coffee and I'm
trying to be known you want to go to the
bathroom Oh shitty chatter here I mean
no I don't right there Hurley
I almost midnight okay if I yeah oh
that's what Tony said you know what do
you go go ahead and go oh wait you know
what go ahead and go all wait here is
Dre saw house oh yeah
well Kayla goes to the bathroom I'm
gonna eat this this is gonna be this is
yeah we're gonna we're gonna lose all of
our Watchers right now because you're
gonna go and then I'm gonna eat this
cookies and cream
polgár on so go ahead okay and then and
then after that because I'm okay so okay
okay well Caleb I'm just scooping my
scoot in the center here
there she goes hopefully she didn't wake
up her kids but I will man it feels this
cow just got really big but you guys can
just watch while I eat this it'll be
like a mukbang cookies-and-cream Pulver
on yeah I just I need kill here anyways
I'll uh read your comment eat pull
verona and whistle beg wi1 I can't
whistle but I'll go ahead and try it
there you go cookies and clean Cheers oh
oh my gosh I have another one here to
the regular pull Vernors really good
yeah the classic but I really like
cooking cream mmm Rick do we have any
food reviews yes we have a lot yeah this
is gonna start the truck I taught my
mouth now you whistle huh yeah okay fine
I was law
I'm back you can't whistle anyways um so
I just I was there I just thought of
something oh yeah check my to you Oh
someone mentioned did we do we see Shay
hugging worry stay tuned for the vlogs
guys stay tuned because you're not gonna
want to miss that and for the shirt
short answer yes but yeah oh man you
brush my teeth I yeah mm-hmm thank you
chubby bunny while eating ball ground
yeah that sounds like a choking yellow
man that polar run is so good that was
the last cookies and cream okay I'm
depressed
yeah oh man do I catch you I ate mostly
cookies and cream he did man that pole
run is good yeah I'm sure one now you're
probably good yeah I mean no I love it
I'm just gonna try to point one I
thought of something
this is peanut good you know yeah this
is peanut no the plain one is that big
circular one this one oh so when I train
this one what is that that's all I can't
read this is this okay you guys just
check this now this is I try this this
is the choco Ron so it's like it's like
a Pulver on and it's like it's like
covered in white and dark and dark
chocolate and it has a little bit and it
has little rice krispies like things in
it I like this this is legit like this
is Pulver own on steroids
that's like pandan yeah and like
krispies or something like that yeah
it's the Rice Krispies oh man I love it
I love that we have like two more left
because I ate a wall and you're cleaning
this couch yeah well you're cleaning
that okay run is legit somebody somebody
send us some chalk over on cuz we're all
out of oxygen oh well oh but
[Music]
just like here cheese so good I remember
what I was gonna say so
oh I think we were saying this in the
very beginning I know if anybody's here
but um how anybody that travels to the
Philippines and back how do you get
readjusted to the time because here's my
plan
I'm still not adjusted I still taste a
up until like four o'clock in the
morning here and then the kids wake up
it like 8:30 and I'm basically dead all
day but I think what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna take like sleeping like Advil PM
or something every night for the next
three days right and I'm just gonna make
myself sleep right because I were so I
don't so mess okay Leigh Leigh said
don't sleep in the afternoon that's so
I'm like I'm so dead like I can't
function he'll literally fell asleep
while playing with the kids like I did
yeah on the carpet like yeah they're
good
last bite of Chuck over on I'll say xav
but no at this time and I I'm like wide
awake I'm like hey let's go what are we
great I know I know I'm probably gonna
be up like for the next like three hours
like editing or something like that
Oh go both she-witch Dobby che che che
was super cool like I mean we knew her
gonna see che at the concert but like
yeah it's it's just our you know the two
days that we were with each other we
went two more sets concert and then we
went to Katrina's gig and that was a
legit sayshe super cool we got under
share we think kala was all no yeah I
did yeah so what the hell okay the
residual doesn't stick to thank you I
show you a new one and whistle no yeah
we already know you can't do it mark
said do I have family in the P I yes
yeah check our old pictures and yeah I
visited them in to guy Tai and what's
that place we went to that was that mall
in Manila where we were too tight
tricycle mm-hmm I forgot was call it was
near pissing
yeah yeah yeah somebody said um about
Kelsey said Kayla a year and a half
later I'm still not adjusted to the time
I can't go to sleep before midnight oh
man it was great I just messed you up
yeah luckily we were only ever there you
go everybody's saying st. Lucia thank
you for that yeah Saint Lucia Saint
Lucia why did I why did I bring that up
again though
RJ said is it delicious yo are we
talking about why did I bring up st.
Lucia I'm so good I'm so tasting it why
did I bring everything Lucia I don't
know I can't sorry
okay that's gonna bother you know why
did I say that why did I say that
/ J said whistling about starting up to
guy type family and she Italian family
in st. Lucia and we and we stayed there
super cool thank you Kuya Dre and I
don't Kelsey for keeping you on track
yeah it's late here guys
it's right here it's it's like afternoon
the feelings I know we're just about at
an hour so yeah I think well I think
we'll call it here
yeah but overall Philippine trip was
amazing amazing we have movies now so we
can go whenever we have passports when's
the next time we're gonna go I don't
know we will see yeah but yeah I think
we'll call it here thank you guys for
everybody who supported us following us
on social media
stay tuned for the vlogs I'll probably
release like - more like teaser things
because I want to get all the vlogs
edited and then just release them but
yeah it's gonna be good so I'm so tired
right now you are alright anyway trying
to keep up on this have gone for an hour
shadow help you're asking how long this
has gone on an hour hour and one minute
grandeur that tell your kids away say hi
we will we've showed them all the
pictures and they love
they loved looking at all the pictures
so yeah
ken Jin said one hour more all right do
it you can say your kill I'll just go
you can just everybody you know yeah
right
when you left and I ate the pulp run we
lot we lost like 20 viewers so watch
watch I'm gonna leave this screen we're
good yeah I just we came back
Superman says we can watch what you're
sleeping I'll turn it around and our
factory says what will come first the
vlogs or new reactions well probably
okay so here's how it's gonna go it'll
probably be no it's gonna be real what's
up CheY CheY you caught us the tail end
bro
were you at where you at um anyways get
some sleep
what are you saying I look tired J what
- Azon like Filipino time over I know
what time what time is it over there J
it's like I swear
Australia is the same time as the
Philippines I think but anyways yeah you
were giving a layout of like how things
are gonna go yeah yeah che if you're
watching this has given people a lot of
people are asking if I saw you meet more
so if we saw you meet more except for
the first time and I'm not gonna you
know maybe I'll message you I don't want
to give anything away but I'm just gonna
stay stay tuned for the vlogs yeah yeah
anyways so me did you bring any like
fresh stuff back from the Philippines no
I don't think you're supposed to and -
come let me just let me just say like
really quick I am I really bad I'm a bad
liar and I I wasn't lying even but
you're at the airport Gabe's mom was
like like hey like tell him we we just
have pastries so they don't look at it
and she didn't have anything bad that
was like a pastry it's typical Filipino
mom like so we we packed and we had
extra room but my mom bought so much
stuff over there
that she filled like both of our
chickens my dad's check-in her chicken
and like all of our carry ons like he
added a carryin what he added a carry on
what assurance what did she buy what she
buy I don't know
gosh I felt like a million polaroid she
bought like calamansi juice you buy and
protons heavy right oh my gosh Jackie's
right like she just she just stocked up
as crazy
yes crazy it was really cool
yeah did she got that I mean that's good
did she go that stuff it was heavy yeah
yeah for sure but um anyways yeah we got
we got a lot of pull her own yeah
somebody else wants to watch us as we
sleep yeah okay our bed is literally
right there so I can just hear I'll jump
on the bed no no I folded your clean
laundry oh yeah sorry guys
we're not gonna sleep and go live but
that would anyways that would yeah if we
get if we get 500 likes on this video
and that's know the next one minute
we will keep livestream so make sure to
LIKE this video let's say we get 500
likes no no okay yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah were you inspired to take ranking
okay so I feel like we should explain
this like we did it was we did and we
yeah it kind of got us by but like it
was just so hard to learn like with the
language you have to like practice it
every day and like when you have when
you have kids let alone two kids and our
kids which are super hyper like you just
have to you just can't have the tough
you just can't find the time to like
practice to go again right yeah well and
it's just you were practicing but gave
grown-up bull speaking to him to go with
all the time so he you cuz really really
yeah it was crazy guys I went there and
I felt like like I was I was speaking to
go look and I never did that before but
just because we were around it so much
like I was like I was like speaking new
bird drivers and stuff like that it was
it was pretty cool it's just something
about being in hey the mother understood
I understood um like the basic gist of
like conversation right uh based off of
like connecting words that I know and
like hello and like and like just some
basic words that I knew and I feel like
I'm good at reading body language right
so yeah I'm like ah they're greeting us
right but I will say like when we watch
Sunday pin aasaiya like I could not keep
up they speak like super quick so it was
crazy
watch tagalog children songs do we share
what we couldn't we weren't filming and
they're like okay feel me it work stuff
it yeah OUP thumbs is here dude
this is this live stream like okay we
had hug knuckles I know shy and a nerd
coming in late we had hug knuckles we
got the Anthony show yeti AP yeah we
should we need to do just a full-on
collaboration yeah if you haven't dick
Dan I will say a couple people said
what's up Dan told people on the wish
bus to you yeah
no Dan yeah Dan I want to thank Dan for
just like kind of setting like a
structure to because yeah yeah wait yeah
they were the the pioneers what time
great minds think alike
do you do you remember what the host it
or not the host foot the guy that was
like pumping up the audience you
remember he said to me yeah so so are
our seats our seats at Sunday penis
aiyah literally the stages right here
and our seats were right here like what
are you like one has a body tucked in
because we really trip the camera right
and like like it was crazy like the
first time Julie came on stage like
we're like oh and did you did you get
that on
I think I got it a little bit yeah
anyways it was it was so cool to see
Julie but like one of the guys in the VA
of Sunday penis ah he
I think the Japs angels were like said
something to the guys and they're like
oh they're youtubers up there and we
were right in the front so we couldn't
hide or anything like that and then one
of the guys he was dressed up in like a
Chinese like outfit and he was he came
up to Kayla you know cuz Kayla obviously
looks different than everybody that was
the only American right and you know I
think they're giving your husband or not
giving you a hard time but they're like
oh they're asking your name and
everything and where you're from and
then the guy was like oh I like your
notes and then and then kill is just I
don't did you even know what did you say
that he was like hi I don't know very
much English but I liked your pointy
nose yeah link to everybody right yeah
yeah it was I think it was a compliment
right yeah that was funny yeah yeah um
or yet and Dan said something else
chase of Dana's the man wait Tony said
hot Sam's hot Sam here Sam we're yet
dancing hey I don't know about pain here
maybe lab rat no no man no I like I know
it was did you said the bar man I mean
we appreciate it
somebody has to it with Jose I don't
know if it was Jose that was the post
person in the beginning they were
yourselves
no they were dressed up it was some a
dress was dress it was one of the it was
like I go I never saw him again
that was like my only time honor again
he was dressed really different though
right yeah yeah that's cool where's that
is Sam here or Sam it anyways hello Sam
yeah we're yeah we got it we got a snap
her cuz they're going to need to reload
snapcab yeah and they're they're doing
like a podcast and we're guesting on
there's two check check that out tug
nichols podcast king race a where are
you guys streaming from right now
Seattle area so ya know we're back home
yeah anyways do those reactors in the
house shed reactor con che we got to get
that adobo che which going on if what's
up you guys you want to see type in
hashtag at Doha che which if you want to
see a dobo che which call it what is it
what is that called you know DJ Alice
that's a hard time when when we were
backstage yeah DJ Alice when she was
interviewing on her vlog like us at Shea
she was like she called it shipping
shipping is when you combine like the
noise like more shade or like been Julie
or something like that it's called
shipping and yeah no that's I don't know
well I don't know where I was going with
that
easy film says I agree with Jay reactor
cons yeah what's up I know you guys
what's up hey here okay I'm calling you
guys hour right now
so and I don't think it's a secret
anymore but there's gonna be a wish bus
in America and Cali LA or somewhere like
that Hollywood if more than if one or
two if one or two of you make it to
California Hollywood for that thing we
will meet you there it's it's it's a
16-hour it's a 16-hour Drive but if you
guys make it to the premiere of the wish
bus in California we will see you there
yeah
so let's reach out to us let's I think
that'd be cool I think that'd be really
cool for like the viewers and everything
like that we can do like yeah anyways
know somebody somebody said that what is
it what do you call it when you put two
names together shipping
yeah shipping awesome I said that's what
you do and you it's like a relationship
they're like so a dovish a which would
be like a love triangle hey we were all
of trying it wasn't che if you're still
watching man we appreciate at the time
we spent with you it was it was it was
really cool just to like just to like
get together with like another reactor
right and for anybody who hasn't seen
che in person he's a lot taller than you
yeah I knew you liked before I think
before we went to the concert and did
you ask me I was like yeah we made a bet
before we learn we're in like an uber
and uh and you're like do you think
she's tall and I'm like yeah I think
he's tall because when we're reacting
you can only see like from the nipple
line up and I was like yeah I was like
yeah he's gonna be tall and then I think
you said you thought he was gonna be our
height but I I thought you I thought
using me kind of short yeah why did you
why did you think she was well because
like you only see this and I I don't
know there's just his I don't know I
just I thought like he was gonna be
normal too short height and so when he
walked up were like right he's chases
like a giant teddy bear but anyways yeah
no no no you're not like a giant you're
just you're just I was Roger Gabe was
right here he's like yeah right like a
guy that's good yeah what is killing we
don't you know what somebody try to give
us a just stop but I don't know our ship
name doesn't work like no don't
doble sandwiches our ship name all right
adobo sandwich high school tried making
us a ship named yeah because he's yeah
disco dating high school right and if
they were like there it's either gala or
cabe yeah sound of yeah so we're just
gonna stick with adobo sandwich guys
just when us two were together it's
dough sandwich when it's just Kayla its
Kayla yeah what yeah what I don't know
what are you doing I don't know I just
want to see effect changing cave cave
yeah it just didn't work I know it
sounds weird yeah did Kayla accorded
bonus yes she did she ate all my book
the last day we ate at V Amari the last
day and she had all the bonus I mean
let's be real I just showed that whole
bowl of like she had on there Kayla's
dish was rice bung us and vinegar and it
was good yeah she had all up on us
yeah dan from eep films said so wide
over families or did you cope with that
name DJ DJ Robin asked us this when we
were on the wish bus we got interviewed
and yes yes is that and he's like why do
a sandwich and I think I said like oh oh
because I'm Filipino and she's American
and adobo Filipino in sandwiches
American and we like food so it just
made sense yeah so there's your answer
definitely there's your answer can i
what gets more American than sandwich I
know you can I don't know nothing burger
we can go adobo burger we still haven't
tried in a do it sandwich though I feel
like right I know I feel like we need to
eat one of these food vlogs well Dre
said are you still up the coffee is
kicking already I know I know we said we
want Filipino times we said we were
gonna get off 16 minutes ago I feel like
we should get off right now everyone
else go to sleep I know I mean everyone
I mean no it's probably like three
Andrew yeah Oh million subscribers yeah
one of these days Gigi I'm one said
chicken is very American so it chicken
it also work we had a lot of chicken in
the Philippines something about chicken
like McDonald died chicken McDonald's
has chicken Jollibee is chicken you
drink green a chest chicken it was right
like fried Frankie yeah what's up the
chicken like way more than we see it
here yeah adobo apple pie okay tomorrow
tomorrow we'll change your name to adobo
apple pie thank you David
yeah until the rice fried chicken is
life
Chow King has fried chicken too yeah
yeah yeah we didn't do choking no we
didn't do sure there no adobo no it is
yeah CheY which Dan knuckles high steak
Danika yeah who who can come up with a
best ship name for all the reactors here
that's yeah react to Jew fan art said
react to Julie's oh we'll get on
that fan art yeah we're trying to get
our ball rolling yeah and we're still
reacting getting into the swing of
things
yeah yeah chicken adobo club sandwich
chicken everybody's just taking like the
most American dish they could think of
it like adding it any like adobo I knew
it man you guys if like I said I think
that'd be cool like the if whenever the
wish bus opens up in LA obviously we're
close but yeah if others react if other
reactors go I think we would try to make
it there yeah Dan what do you think
about that if you're here would you go
all the way from the UK I just I'm just
reading these shipping names adobo hot
dog ceasing Starbucks
I don't know which one wins gala which
means yes st. Patrick's Day yes that's
that's our goal for getting getting the
vlog out and starting that ball rolling
somebody commented when is what is st.
Patrick's Day and when is it so I don't
know it's just something that do think
celebrate st. Patrick's and beans yeah
it's a March 17th March 17th this st.
Patrick's Day so that yeah my birthday
is the 18th
by the way but actually so just to
clarify Gabe's birthday is but like yeah
hopefully crossing fingers it is 98%
that I will at least get the first log
out but I don't know how I want maybe
I'll get a vlog out every other day or
every day I don't know we'll see how
Herbert said they don't celebrate st.
Patrick's Day all the Philippines I feel
dumb now about like on my trailers like
both the trailers say said st. Patrick's
Day
so all you guys are probably like why I
know come on you say Patrick say what is
that okay
I gotta change that in elementary school
we always everybody
there's no Irish there's no Irish people
in the Philippines that's my that's my
bad guys well that's my bed so I'm gonna
have to the next couple teasers I'll
change that to just March 17 March 17th
I'm Mario or March 18th I thought it was
like a good like like solidified date
where everybody would know but that's my
bad guys yeah so March 17th the vlogs
and Patrick's a weird green Romeo says
we're green yeah but yeah I just get
caught up reading comments right I know
can you make a log tutorial on how to
Mohamed can you make a log tutorial on
how to catch a trophy whatever
yeah you were cute yeah
there's honey twists cue it you me you
were cute yeah I think I what what was
it you he's me what was he like no I
please here's the thing guys I played
really hard to get with Kayla like we
weren't telling a pretty small school
and like I noticed you know I feel like
we've explained this before yeah
probably on like a just a Q&A like right
when we started right but yeah anyways
yeah no no we met in high school yeah
cute yeah like me we're going off on a
tangent
hey this is you have the Philippines
anyways we'll save that story for
another day
yeah teach me your ways what are you
talking about Shay are you talking about
we got you you got documentation of
Maury Shane and I was just glad I got to
witness that I was just glad I got to
witness that like I don't know it's Shay
I was gonna ask I was gonna ask you when
you're gonna release your stuff because
I wasn't gonna release
because I got you meeting more set but I
wasn't gonna release my stuff until
you're really sure so maybe I'll throw
that into teaser but anyways yeah what
was I talking about before that I just
keep just that it's all going yeah yeah
okay I feel like we're getting off topic
here I feel like you're getting outside
it was funny though like just talking or
talking to Shay again like after the
concert you want to tell this story
after the concert we we exited through
the back and then there is that the
Miguel who saw us oh yeah rock guy do
you help oh well yeah so we we left the
concert and they like had they had like
a back area where like I guess like
artists can we work something like that
like you want to go through the back or
you want to go right through the front
we're like oh we're pulled asleep go
back so we take the long way around
Araneta yeah but anyways we went through
we went the long way and we were walking
and like some dark streets yeah we're
like the only ones on the street
I felt safe though cuz I felt save the
cachet and Noster there and those guys
are like huge so no one's messing with
us McCain no one yeah there's a gal yeah
but yeah so then we were crossing his
streaks who were trying to find out how
to get back to the front anyway long
story short we were crossing the street
and there was somebody else crossing the
street and they saw I saw
Schaeffer's they saw at first I was
watching her face is so funny she was I
came to what her I came here or anyone's
but she was crossing the street and she
saw changed she likes she saw a ghost
Internet and then she looked down as she
saw us and she's a girl
yeah and then she like went like yeah
that's really flattering and she was
like I've gone all day hoping I could
see you guys and Here I am like on this
dark - yeah it was like it's dark like
in crosswalk that was typical film um
she was like she had her friend or there
she's a picture pick to her and she had
like iPad yeah I can say that because my
mom still you know but
yeah it was really cool that was that
was one of the cool things too was being
at the concert and then just like the
reception that we got like weird is
reactors we're not like overly talented
like Morissette and like Julianne
Katrina but like just it was cool the
reception we got from everybody
unexpected sure for sure no okay I think
we're I think we're good for the third
time well times a killer okay so if you
guys are just joining us we're gonna go
live and then we're just gonna go to
sleep we're gonna leave it yeah you can
see Channel I know yeah so cool thank
you guys so much for joining us I really
appreciate it
forget god that we could come here I
didn't really know we just want to keep
you guys an update that we're back we're
getting settled we're getting the ball
rolling with getting reactions out and
Gabe is getting working really hard to
get everything edited he's gonna get
some teasers out for you guys to just
keep you guys knowing kind of what's
gonna come right and get excited about I
don't know what I'm doing with my hands
but I don't either but yeah blogs are
coming out Saint Patrick's Day if you
don't know what st. Patrick's Day is
it's March 17th I'm gonna change that
now
but yeah all right guys we will see you
have a good night
or a good afternoon if your good morning
in the Philippines or the UK or China
wherever you are we will see you my
gunman named a gun thing oh yeah look at
you
