what's up everybody it's your friendly
neighborhood hug Nichols back again with
another reaction video as always by my
side ha Sam Hass and today we're coming
at you with our first video reaction to
raka raka I know we've gotten a couple
that people have asked us about but this
one is called meet the McDonald's let's
go ahead and check it out see what's
going on I've heard of him before or
them I guess I googled who they are I
didn't know I thought it was a person I
didn't know that I guess it's like two
brothers yeah but they have like almost
4 million subs and like crazy months of
using their videos and I'm like every
time we get these requests and they're
like crazy popular I'm like how have I
never seen this before I know it just it
just makes you should like like think
about how big a tube is yeah yeah
welcome to the world
[Music]
my god
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
family
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
I
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Oh are we watching what are the quizzes
I'm like that looks like real [ __ ] you
think about little kids if you hear
about like the big dinner Ronald
McDonald House and stuff I didn't know
is this like a [ __ ] house like a scary
house freaking a haunted house of clowns
okay okay see this is the thing too
before we get into this again if you're
scared of clowns this is probably like
your nightmare right here and now
elusive mistake
[Music]
[Music]
I've been like
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
oh I don't feel I'm like really grossed
out right now feeling like there's just
so many things I think I might throw up
like what the hell I've never felt the
sanitary video
I think it's cuz I went through so many
emotions like so fast like there's
somebody like I was like laughing and
then immediately like sick and then my
gross out in two different ways oh and
then I don't even know
first off can't decide if it's the
greatest or worst video I've ever
watched can't decide as far as like the
mode not like worst like is in like bad
but like most terrible things yeah that
I've ever seen but like it's that weird
also low-key want something Donald's
right now are you kidding me yeah you're
gonna be so funny it's just this was
sponsored not McDonald it's just so
interesting like even though it's
messing up like literally I in my
stomach region I did not feel good after
that it's probably cuz you saw someone
digging through a pile of [ __ ] in my
face with you that like mess me out of
it like I mean I'm pretty sure it was
like ice cream well then sister the
sister may like I like does makeup and I
was like the baby's head popped off for
real but really it just wasn't like a
baby's head like like it was like so
like literally we just said I hate to
live in this neighborhood and then they
fly down this hill and I'm like I don't
if this is just some random lady walking
her you know her baby in the stroller or
whatever and then all of a sudden you
know he grabs a stroller and I'm like
okay so she's in on it but at first I'm
like what if this woman is just like an
innocent bystander just like walking her
child and I'm not strange I'm all messed
up there are some things you see and
you're like you can't unsee that and I
can't I can't unsee like at first I'm
like oh this is weird
but it's like kind of like cringe funny
where it's like I like some
humor like that where it's like just
weird like kind of over-the-top yeah
that's one style but then it got like so
morbid
you got freakin dark and like you know
the special effects like as far as
makeup was like on point because like
the head hanging off the baby was good
the eyeball me she's a little cheesy
their makeup is though actual yeah their
clown makeup yeah there's a lot of
things going on in my mind right now and
I'm trying to I'm trying to navigate I
may need some therapy before we watch
the next video let us know what you
thought in the comments down below as
well as any other videos from their
Channel or anything else you want to see
us do reactions to hopefully you know
hopefully we'll be okay yeah hopefully
we'll get over this maybe maybe we
should have a pastor with us when we do
reactions more stuff up soon let us know
I don't know I'm really messed up like I
think you don't understand how messed up
I am right now like I'm in the corner
I'm not even saying like that like it's
just my mind it's trying to break down
everything I just saw I know so I'm just
like I I'm getting flashbacks to the
doctor would would [ __ ] on her face I
know like like how that happened
yeah like I'm just like what the hell
and I'm getting like him breaking his
grandmother's fingers like I'm just like
all these little like profit eyes they
know but you know and I think I'm with
you it was good now I'm gonna McDonald's
there I just know I'm gonna be like in
the kitchen later like cooking on
somebody and the [ __ ] don't eat
chocolate ice cream
do you wanna hug were self obscene bye
bye
