what's going on you guys this is Gabe
and today we are eating at Max's
Filipino cuisine all right Kayla so it
was I think a couple months ago there
was a Max's here in Seattle that had
opened up and this is our first time
going to it we saw it in the Philippines
but we didn't get a chance to go because
we were eating so many that's so many
other everything else yeah so I am
excited I have heard a lot of things
that I've never tried there we've been
hearing about this place and I'm really
excited to actually try it I feel like
your mom was like oh there's a new
Filipino blazing down though every I
think we pretty much hit up every
Filipino spot so whenever there's a new
one you know we have to just just
compare it to everything else and you
know see how we like it overall so we
got three things we wanted to get a
variety to like really test out the menu
we're getting the fried chicken
we hear that's when it sold out so we're
getting the half fried chicken and then
we're getting the classic pork pieces
and then of course you can judge a place
[Music]
we got our hollow hollow and our chicken
it might be vice versa no this is the
hollow I am ready to eat this all right
Kayla we are back in the car we got our
three items I think I think just because
max's is known for their Fried Chicken I
think we have to start off with a fried
chicken came in this cool little bag
they sell it by the half or the whole so
we got a half because we're trying other
things so yeah comes with this little
comes with this sauce I think that's
banana ketchup I want to say they said
it was banana ketchup and were sure sure
let's smell it where's your Shire I
think that's what it I've never heard of
that combination but oh that's banana
ketchup right that YUM
smell straight-up like Jew Jew friend
Jew Fran I think that's the brain this
is we got the half chicken right this is
a half chicken so let's open it bad boy
up oh it smell so good I can't I don't
know what we're smelling but it's this
earth the sea
oh there you go Oh like that steam
that's coming out oh my goodness little
baby in there yeah so you can see
there's like a little bit of French
phrase on the bottom I don't know
is it crispy yeah I don't know if you
can see this is like super tender you
can tell it's just like falling apart
naturally right away I have to compare
like just looks wise to Jollibee like
Jollibee obviously there's a little more
breading if you like they're breaded
this is maybe you know maybe it got
dipped in the fryer like once or twice
so it doesn't look as crispy but I
actually sometimes actually prefer my
chicken like this like less breading and
just straight chicken so let's let's try
a little fry first cheers Cheers
it's a french fry bread truck me
personally me personally I like oh wow
it's like a whole piece it's like you
have to like tear it apart you got that
yeah you got you got like the drumstick
right yeah my stomach is growling oh
that looks like you show the camera that
cuz that looks super juicy right there
like the inside and this looks really
really good yeah and I got you know a
little bit of white meat here and you
know with some dark meat so kind of guy
kind of got the best of both worlds but
okay there's just like a juice comes
right off squirt that just came out but
all right Kelly are you ready for this
max is yeah fried chicken here you go
three two one
that's so I think their motto is sir up
to the bone is that what it is that is
sir up to the bone that is true to their
word right there so I have to try this
with the banana ketchup gilliam sorry I
grew up on this stuff I used to have it
with my breakfast my chicken this is
delicious I feel like it's gonna be a
little twist because bone no it's it's
part it there's some meat on it I just
want to get a nice scoop
you just can't it's just banana catcher
is just so unique because it it has a
sweetness like unlike regular ketchup
you know and it's I wish I had some rice
because it mixes really good with the
rice too but that's true I love banana
cut I want to try it this is all they
gave us just a little thing like I use
so much ketchup I probably need like
five of these go I feel like that does
have the washer annex it's not as like
super sweet as regular banika job really
was you had white meat on your bone this
alright
mmm it's still really juicy it is tight
right yes big old chunk of white meat
with some skin on it it's like a white
meat
chowder Wow you can tell right away when
you bite into a bad piece of white meat
because it's dry it's like kind of stale
this is like moisture throughout you
know so yeah we still have this whole
chicken left and then put it over here
later all right Kayla so what is in this
little white box is what I'm looking
forward to and I've been craving this
pretty much ever since we left the
Philippines a year ago because you just
can't get it everywhere like you can in
the Philippines but this is the Max's
pork did you yes that did not go so well
for me but okay okay no I'm not so gonna
squeeze a little bit of oh sorry got you
squirted you in the face there we're
gonna squeeze a little bit of lemon put
some acidity on there so what I'm what
I'm seeing in here Kayla there's there's
like some onions you know some C cig
some peppers okay do you do you remember
what seasick tasted like in the
Philippines like it would grant it was
served on like a sizzling like plate and
everything like that so it's not
probably not gonna be quite as good but
regardless it's still seasick so right I
think the first is the first kind of
seasick we had in the Philippines was it
crocodile si si yeah no we had pork
sisig crocodile sea snake was really
good it was really good
I'm just excited okay so let's see how
this compares holy
okay it's always having this yeah all
right I'm gonna try this
is it good that's really good yeah I
like the acidity from the lemon on it
right it's really good it has like a
little bit more spice than I was used to
like it's hot like it you can test the
taste the pepper in it anymore but I
really like it it's not too spicy right
so okay so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna take like a huge bite just so I
get everything like onions I got a
little bit of pepper there here we go
what do you think is it a little bit
more spicy yeah it's not bad though it's
not too spicy at all it's good I just
love the texture of sisig like you can't
be it cuz it's so easy to eat and it's
like so flavorful like the fat from the
pork just absorbs all the seasoning it's
really vinegary which I which I kinda
dig - I'm really wishing we would have
got garlic fried rice that's exactly
what I was thinking we need some rice
with this but all of this so I figured
since I have the banana ketchup and I
have this e-cig we might as well try it
it's not I don't think the banana
ketchup was meant for this e-cig but I'm
gonna try it anyways because I like to
mix things so alright banana ketchup and
CeCe
that's what it's missing right there oh
so good
oh good try it I need the saw seems
right it's amazing this is the last
thing that we got from Max's today and
so we ordered the hollow hollow and I
feel like you can tell a lot about a
place by their hollow hollow and we have
tried a wide variety of them so this is
keep in mind this is the it's not there
have like a gigantic one this is a
regular sized one yeah they have like a
mega one with like four ice cream scoop
so yeah this one's a small one and it's
still huge like this this will yeah this
is this is really big yeah you can kind
of see you have the like the ube ice
cream the cream the ice and I don't know
why don't you open it killer we'll take
a nice plastic fan yeah you're
impressive the plastic is there it is oh
oh look at that leche flan oh my there's
cheese on top cheese that's interesting
can you guys see that look at that I
have never seen cheese on Halle Halle I
mean either okay so what we have is I
see cheese the leche flan the beans the
coconut shreds
I see like the ube Jam is like right
over here oh yeah real Rice Krispies
yeah rice krispies this is just a whole
like plethora of like you gotta mix it
mix it kala
you got to mix it I kind of want to try
this first so this is obey ice cream
with just straight-up cheese and we'll
see how this tastes
I taste like candy it does with the
cheese on it the cheese adds like a it
almost adds like a little sour note to
it so it's like sweet and sour almost
you know what it reminds me of what in
um what is that place next to jelly be
in the mall the pastry place Oh red
ribbon red ribbon
they have like a they have like some
bread that had like cheese and ube mix
right that's yeah it's just the texture
like the texture the cheese so I want to
grab some of this leche flan before we
mix it in kala
so you want to taste that first and then
we can dig into it so mine has like rice
krispies treats and stuff on it so all
right jinx okay you want me to mix it or
you limit it go for it all right so I
got a pretty good mix in you got the
slush you know the the colors kind of
mixed together so it's like a lighter
purple all right so let's dig into this
I see some beans now that I mix it up a
little bit there on the bottom kala but
what are those what's a jello called
ah boo I don't forgot I don't know you
guys well in the comments what is the
jello called practice I should I know
yeah pretty much okay ready I see
deliciousness something sold in there
and I really liked it geez no Evo cheese
it's kind of salty I like the rice
krispies oh they're nice touch and
there's not too many beans like
sometimes we've had some hollow hollow
it's like a lot of beans
it's so like refreshing unlike a warm
summer day you know I'm really happy
that it's big because because you're
gonna eat it all I don't know what this
big string is but I know it's like the
cheese is actually a nice touch like it
you wouldn't think it would be good but
it is so overall overall kala I really
liked Max's you know it was it was it
was pretty solid it was pretty solid yes
what did you think about the chicken I
loved the chicken I was surprised I was
surprised that it came as like a whole
or half like it's literally half of a
chicken but it's perfect to share and I
feel like that's a big part of Filipino
food as you're sharing it with people
pretty much that's perfect I thought it
was delicious and it was juicy as far as
the sisig I enjoyed it I loved court I
think it would have been a little bit
better if it was served on like a
sizzling sizzling plate but as is
everything yeah yeah but it was really
good the flavors are there was nice and
vinegary too had a nice touch of spice I
like spice a little bit more than you so
that I think I that's part of the reason
why I enjoyed it but yeah it was the
thing I love about seizing that is that
it's really easy to eat there's a lot of
different like textures to it like
there's it's crunchy and then it's chewy
and then it's like soft so yeah I'm glad
that Max is here cuz that's probably
where I'm gonna order my sisig
how would you say the hollow hollow
compares to with like other places I
feel like they definitely put their own
spin on it at least from the traditional
hollow hollows we've seen with the added
cheese and the like Rice Krispies I feel
like they were really good addition so
sometimes when people add stuff to
hollow hollow it's like no that's not
supposed to be there but I wasn't mad at
it yeah I loved it and it's perfect for
a hot day and I'm excited to finish it
yeah I know you got a lot you got a lot
left so so overall I feel like our
biggest complaint about Max's is that we
didn't order everything and we didn't
probably sit inside to get the whole
experience right but all right thanks
again guys for joining us on our trip to
Max's we are so glad we finally got to
try it because we miss out in the
Philippines don't forget to like this
video and subscribe and thanks for
watching see you next time
[Music]
