try to read it dang nah nope I think
that's what I just said
you said lu lu ve camasta
boo hi magandang era when welcome back
to mg & EA Co Co Co Co Villa and acaba
Sarita there you go she knows how to say
my name isn't that guy look in Filipino
how cool is that so yeah it's been a
while since I had somebody in my videos
you know due to the virus and all of
that you know makes sense but leta was
kind enough you know to join me for
another reaction video you were kind
enough to invite me thank you for having
me you're very welcome
it's my pleasure honestly so as you guys
know I have a huge list of requests
right and recommendations from people so
I presented a few to Lolita and guess
what instead of reacting to music you
know and which is odd because PETA here
is a singer you know so yeah she decided
to learn more about Filipino culture yes
because I heard it was pretty respectful
it is respect and I'm all about respect
yeah you are most of the time students
I'm okay yeah so the title of the video
is go ahead we did I love how respectful
Filipino culture is there you go and
it's from this guy called finding Tom
alright so that is the video that we
will be reacting to but before we start
please consider follow me on instagram
at music game news and Lolita I am on
instagram at literally Brown there you
go you can follow her as well voila and
of course before we start I'd like to
thank my dear patrons for their amazing
support because without you guys this
channel cannot
like seriously so thank you so much all
right without further ado let's get to
it
did you know the Philippines takes
respect for their elders very seriously
the other day I saw a line at Burger
King specifically for senior citizens
what the Burger King you would never see
that yo you know in Algeria you can see
different lines for men and women which
is I think is sad really because come on
I don't know because we're savages I
have no idea seriously like Algerians
they don't respect much you know but
Elaine just for citizens that's pretty
cool I think yeah really good in America
especially at a fast food burger
restaurant it struck me like a light
bomb if you listen closely around the
streets of Manila or the Philippines
you'll hear words like Paul odd day oh
yeah okay so do you know what quia means
no I don't but it sounds like brothers
it is it's just like our right an Arabic
well Algerian and Moroccan Arabic at
least we say holy ofor brother but here
it's big brother right why do you think
there are similarities like that that's
so cool let us know yes normally they
have more similarities with Spanish yeah
you know and I think you know what they
means I'm teaching her a little bit cuz
I know these words right I'm just gonna
yeah it's like mom no big sister yeah
and pull is a sign of respect when you
add like pull at the end of a sentence
over or a word it's like a sign of
respect
okay for anyone yeah but usually they
use it for elderly people
well elderly well like I love it yeah
exactly
these words are meant for respect
purposes BA is basically mr. and mrs.
Kuya is used for when you're talking to
an older male and a day is used for when
you're talking to an older female in
English we have no words for this I
don't call my sister Rachel Aude Rachel
or mrs. Rachel I call her Rachel even
further
it's common for grandchildren to ask for
the hand of their grandparents when they
walk into the house for them to place
that hand on their forehead as a sign of
respect isn't that beautiful yeah so
much respect yeah in Algeria what I do
like my grandparents I like that kiss
them on the forehead yeah you know kids
there you go there you go so we do have
some similarities it's really called the
man of ball and I actually made a video
about this a couple months ago and it
did quite well on Facebook my point is
that the Philippines takes respect for
their elders very seriously and I think
it's a pretty cool aspect of their
country but I actually wondered like why
do they take this so seriously
well it's culture it's deeply rooted in
Filipino culture to take care of your
elders to take care of your parents and
I also think that it has something to do
with how family oriented
I would say its culture but it's also
usually this is this happens with third
world countries right because even in
Algeria and Morocco we take care of our
parents and our grandparents like it's
not we don't do like Canada or European
countries we're like you put your
parents in a home yeah we don't like
these I don't know we do but I mean
maybe we do but usually we we keep our
parents with us and grandparents with us
right and we take care of them until
pass you know and I have a mr. Lincoln
friend same thing even here she works
and sometimes she would give actually
some of her salary to her parents or
whatever she she shows a lot of real
Filipinos are the same okay
yeah the Philippine says as well it's
somewhat common in America to put your
parents in an old-age home there you go
and they get older but here it's common
for the parents to come in
with the children when they get older
they care more about the family they
have that hold on the LOB which is
basically translated to a debt of
gratitude while in America we might
forget what our parents did for us they
do not forget but their parents did for
them here in Philippines and this chart
whoa okay I'm sorry okay dang nah nope I
think that's what I just said
you said lu lu ve would tangle oom what
the hell is that oh that's not so wrong
okay so it's a sense of obligation to
return a favor
oh just someone could see it again cuz I
have to say the right way I'm not sure
I'm pronouncing it right but I think the
way I pronounce it was more direct yeah
cuz usually when they have like two of
the same letter one after the other you
actually have to pronounce it okay you
don't go okay next okay um this time a
lot of it it runs deep it's not just I'm
gonna uh I don't know wait in the then
pay you back later or it's not just like
a debt that you have this is like a
togetherness this is like you're sort of
bowing to someone's soul you know this
isn't just like a oh I'll you know I'll
get you later I'll pay you back five
bucks no this isn't deeper togetherness
that runs as deep as anything in life
caring is sort of like a huge Filipino
trade if you think about it and I know
Americans care too but
it doesn't run that deep see for him
this is like shocking like this is
different because he's American but for
us I see a lot of similarities with our
own culture you know
yeah so it's not shocking to me yeah
yeah like take it in their hearts if you
do something for them even if you just
share a piece of bread sometime yeah
yeah I'm gonna try to be nice to you
always you know yeah yeah you know it
tends to not run that deep I had someone
travel for hours somebody didn't know me
you travel for hours to come and see me
at a medium the other day I've had
people who just met me you know throw
out the table for me and and place tons
and tons of food on the table in front
of me five seconds after shaking my hand
this is a country that cares actually
cares and that's one of the big reasons
why I've continued to stay here the fact
that I'm I want to stay here he moves
there what do you think about this do
you think that's showing too much
respect can go too far did you learn
something big question that's a good
question do you think there is such a
thing as going too far like showing too
much respect it's uh phrased that way
like showing too much respect I don't
know but I was talking about that - a
friend lately and we were living no
wonder and how much do you like I don't
know how to say but I think there is a
possibility of too much like you're
trying to be respectful you're trying to
be loyal but like it feels overwhelming
maybe a little bit or you're afraid that
the person that you're giving that much
respect to would take advantage kind
nature exactly because we know of the
you know the saying that says weakness
kindness is weakness or something like
that some people believe that I don't
but in a certain way I do you have to
like have boundaries or everything but
now he's not talking about the exact
same thing talking maybe elders and
stuff like that but
even in our country sometimes some
people do take advantage of their like
oh and then they just look at you you
know like you're less than them or you
have to do this and they take it for
granted yeah yeah no but I'm mentioning
this because even in my own family you
know like we have grandparents we have
older aunts and uncles and sometimes I
do see them taking advantage for example
of my father's kindness you know what I
mean so that's why I'm asking maybe
sometimes it may go too far yeah yeah so
I think there needs to be a balance in
everything that we do yeah yeah
especially if they're expecting it
that's not good yeah I'm not supposed to
expect yeah you're being nice from your
heart and everybody takes it and
everybody's happy but no one's are
expecting to be mean I don't know it
feels wrong new did you like it please
let me know in the comment section below
thank you all so much for watching Tom
out
I'll time out Tom yeah yeah I guess he
just shared his experience when it comes
to respect in the Philippines and I
cannot wait to experience that when I go
to the Philippines as well no but it's
not gonna shock me because I've been
immersed in Filipino culture yes via a
screen but for four years so I've
learned so much you know so I know what
to expect but I still know that I'm
gonna be surprised when I go over there
you know it's gonna be a little bit
overwhelming and I'm a little a little
bit scared just I'm sure they're gonna
take extreme good care of you and I have
a friend that watches your views
sometimes and he's like you know what
Avella he knows more sometimes about the
Filipino culture then some Filipinos
here in Montreal for examine you love it
tell me that we're not gonna say their
names very cool yeah I'll take it as a
compliment it is it was a compliment
she was like him he was impressed yeah
well I can know I like this year
obviously I'm gonna travel just to be
safe I was supposed to go to the
Philippines this year in April I know
yeah but obviously boom virus in the
middle of the whole thing so that's not
happening so next year we'll do it plus
I quit my day job I didn't tell you guys
this is the first time I'm telling you
this is like breaking news over la just
quit his day job so now I'm a full-time
youtuber so I have more time thank you
thank you I have more time to go and
come and visit you and everything so
it'll be fun
yeah so this was cool right that was
really cool I think he has another video
called empathy Filipinos may have more
empathy so all of these are beautiful
values right man
watch that one there you go there you go
these videos these reaction videos are
making Rita want to discover more about
the yeah especially when I see there are
so many you know similarities to our to
our culture
yeah yeah okay well then thank you so
much for joining me today as usual no
problem and guys if you want to see her
back again you know what to do a follow
on Instagram
Dexter one exit great tell her to come
back or just leave it in the comment
section below I've been getting DMS from
people yeah yes thank you guys
there you go so now what you're trying
to tell us in the comment section below
your thoughts on your own culture and
yeah my timing my timing salamat PO it
means thank you very much there you go
see the Pope boy do you hae respect you
know cuz I have respect for my viewers
cute yeah thank you again for watching
it means a lot to me
have a great day stay safe of course and
we'll catch you in the next video as
usual thank you for watching subscribe
here and please like the video to show
your support and appreciation for my
work and turn on the notification Bell
to beatbox for future content yay
