[Music]
[Applause]
so today we're going to be taking a look
at some Filipino snacks that I was
gifted by alodia from the Philippines
now I didn't manage to bring back
everything because I just didn't have
the room in my case I didn't have the
weight allowance so anything that was in
a multi pack I had to kind of take out
the multi pack and just pack a few of
them in my case and stuff but I got most
of it here I think a lot of it came in
the mail so shortly after I arrived back
in the UK me and my wife unwrapped a
bunch of gifts and some of those as
you've seen in the last vlog were snacks
so we've already tried those snacks
which I'm going to show now now of all
the things that we have to eat here the
very good is one on my list that looks
very tasty so on first to smell smells
like chocolate walnut straw be the vice
crisp it has like ermine and definitive
filling of this I think for the kind of
description on it is and what I'm
normally used to eating over here I kind
of expected to have like a bit of a look
at some sort of creamy Center I could be
van oozing so we find out what the hell
buko pandan is as a flavor Liv it's lime
then you'll note climb but it could be
Apple maybe just really have a smell I
thought I'd cheery it's necessary but
it's not nothing it's like one of those
and the milk of the bus is a biscuit
they're not they don't digest it's the
biscuits we're a biscuit for the cows on
it the milk thingy cool ok digestive
biscuit
listen or thoughts iPad sweet I'm
playing this one these all the same kind
of style and that they choose like this
awesome time I'm gonna try a cloud 9 mmm
it just felt exactly like your sneakers
you were right start rocketeers it
buzzer a snake Oh Snickers anything oh
yeah yeah don't drop it
what a waste it looks like something
else and try the taco
yeah this is chewy yeah my candy with
chocolate filling so what the mo is
well this'll last us a while how does it
was a test of a bit creamy bit traffic
so let us know where the Yemma is a
brand or a flavor in the same way buko
pandan + a black book a book up and on
flavored so we can be sir or sir that's
actually a flavor I don't know whether
Yammer is just a type of candy that has
a distinctive flavor but it's just a bit
creamy sweet corn wine is a bit strange
to start with oh yeah the way add that
flavor there was a like a popcorn no it
was like in sweet so I'm gonna try this
sweet corn flavored chewy candy butter
flavored filling I find this kind of a
weird concept having like a sweet corn
flavored something while that's being
sweet corn
it smells like pickles
I can't tell if I like it then at the
end the flavors are strained from I
think my favorite one is the M mr.
Booker I don't know it's just weird I'm
fighting used to the flavor now it's not
so bad but it's it's not why it was
expecting so it's just it's a weird but
I'm saying like a sweet sweet corn part
me like some of the taste and then the
other harvest like I'm the initial taste
was a bit like well what's going on but
now that my parcel arrived I'm gonna try
the rest of the sex so um I'm I've got
more of a sweet tooth than a savory
tooth I think so I'm gonna start with
some of the savory stuff first
so I'm still a little bit ill been
delaying this video because I'm still
got a cough but it's never gonna go away
so we're gonna start off with shingling
the day so it says yummy crunch and
every bite is a hundred grams of it I
guess they're like crisps woof in
America potato chips but this is to me
let's jump right into it okay so my
first impression of the smell smells
like chips and by that I mean fries I
guess I just as any crisps try it
there's not a lot of flavor I would say
this is reminiscent of when you overcook
chips to the point where if you cook if
you could if you make chips this sort of
size and you overcook them enough that
they become more bat alike and potato on
the inside sort of hollows out a little
bit so it's much more than crispy or
outside this is what it tastes like to
me so it's not a lot of flavor but I
think this is something you can use with
a dip you guys been making me laugh
actually watching back these vlogs
atmanam come Filipino my breakfast at
the VIP suite hotel and just the the
sheer reactions you've been getting from
how I eat the food so probably saying
always wrong anyway but though I would
have this with something maybe like a
dip of salsa or something I don't know
say that though despite the lack of
flavor it's something that you could
kind of like just keep going for and you
don't know why you know okay so next up
we have the very famous but other chips
which is banana
I guess mate fried banana or full I have
five banana skin perhaps I don't even
know there's a lot of crumbs in here
because I obviously had to pack it in a
box
so I'm sure it might look better if you
just bought from the shops again
oh I cut off too much oh wow okay so has
a very very distinct flavor banana which
sounds stupid because there are banana
chips but it's got a very strong banana
fragrance okay
[Music]
oh wow this is really nice these are
like well it's exactly what it says
banana chips it's basically just banana
flavored crisps but made from banana
rubs and potato this is really good
mmm very sweet what are the studies in
the UK and then this would be quite
popular
they're really nice sign that even back
this soil a bit under how many grams it
is inside but I don't think you can eat
an awful lot of them because it's it
sort of reminds me of banana cute I had
in that banana so you like it it's
sugary and sweet but despite there only
being small pieces of banana you can't
eat a lot of it because it's quite rich
it's quite a fatty food
this one isn't I wouldn't say that this
is particularly fatty but it's very rich
so maybe it's more handful will be good
only you could see my desk right now
I've no idea this is it says Sampaloc
salty just like a Chinese deli thing I
don't really know I'm expecting this to
be salty some palak I'm not sure what
that is well I know you guys will be
telling what it is and I can't get into
this wrapper alrighty let's have a taste
okay so first smell
[Music]
it's got a lot of a licorice smell to it
but that's probably just the sugar
[Music]
it's gonna an interesting flavor and
it's got a sort of jellified exterior
and I think it's like a nut on the
interior no no no it might be a stone
maybe I supposed to eat that so there's
this stone inside not really sure if
you're supposed to eat it or not I'm it
sounds really stupid but it might be
like a stone you get in like a plum or
cherry didn't seem to want to break when
I bit into it so I'm not really sure
what your have to do this I wouldn't say
I don't know why it says salted and it
was more sweet and salty to me anyway is
more I can say like identified exterior
to this um but it doesn't mommy have
symptom can't place it
nope well must have been this coverlet
I'm not sure all to do with it in fact
if you guys tell me what to do with that
then maybe I'll get around to eating
more of them because right now or if I
at the pole in fact the whole pack I
would literally be pinning all the
stones so maybe I'm wrong I don't know
okay next up we have Oh top and from the
sounds of it
it's probably broken a lot this it says
there's a puff pastry so I guess this is
going to be quite simply like just a
plain biscuit you thing and hopefully
I'm not gonna make a mess everywhere
this is it looks like there's two of
them actually I don't want to break it
Oh
as far as well sugary top to it the
sweet Annette
personally I think you could do a bit
more sugar and yes you do need a drink
with this it's quite quite dry and very
crumbly if what I've got some Maori
biscuits which I've been told a more
like a baby food type thing so I think
this is ever nostalgia thing for you
guys because some of you were laughing a
little bit I've got the e biscuits but
they're really tasty so you get four
biscuits in a pack looks like a typical
digestive biscuit e in the UK I'm a bit
little bit smaller try an but only
tastes too dissimilar to digestive
biscuits in the UK I would say in
supermarkets where you've got your
digestive biscuits from like a popular
brand and then the supermarket's
own brand of the same biscuit this is
like the supermarket's own branding that
it's not as flavorsome as say the more
premium brands but it still tastes
really good these are the sort of
biscuits that Ritz tend to dunk into
their tea and eat I like it
so next we have this which is snack
delight and this is preserved fruits
candies nuts and I nearly said candles
them and candies nuts and more to be
fair though it doesn't know like it's a
mixture of all those things it looks
like it's just nuts or seeds or
something
Wow okay so I pick and mix the sort of
let her just smell to it that's right a
handful of these
I couldn't start with I like them or not
and the flavors can change and I kept
tasting sweet stuff and I kept tasting
bitter stuff
so can we ask you a whole a lot of it
can we assume then that is nuts fruits
candies etc within these shells for is
this just one particular thing because
part already so the additive are I'm not
sure life anymore
oh it started off okay but then you have
to tasting out not really kill the next
I'm gonna try are dried mangoes which
are specifically from Cebu let me also
say I like mangoes have a taste
quite a tribute well that's good
how might you expect for any dried for
it really is this like a raise any sort
of texture and they're kind of squidgy a
little bit slimy mmm quite a nice that's
really good
it's quite fresh as well gonna let its
dried fruit it tastes really fresh that
is very nice I highly recommend these
just to go back a moment despite them
being despite these being preserved
fruits candies nuts or more just at the
bottom here bouton pack 1 which I don't
know what that means
I'll have another pack from the same
company saying squash seeds so I presume
these are just one kind of thing so
please let me know what bouton pack one
is so I know what to avoid next time
I'll come over because I wasn't overly
keen on those I wish so and almost put
them all over the floor so moving onto
the squash seeds again the same brand
the same company they smell like hamster
food now I don't know whether you're
supposed to de-shell this let me know
guys am I supposed to do shelby's or not
but at the moment I'm gonna wing it and
just say no
oh we're salty oh wow wow that is very
salty and interestingly I didn't think
I'd like these but their taste really
good
[Music]
agam no idea of just better dish out
these Oh an apple in your face it's
incredibly incredibly salty Wow a drink
is definitely on the card that taste
they've got so much flavor they they
really do pack a punch and very salty
punch
I don't think eat too much to them I
think you might just end up collapsing
because there were too much salt but
it's very nice baby like I said very
flavorful it tastes really good
you just need to drink with it and not
eat too much of them moving on to the
more sweeter side of the snacks we have
we have choco nut maybe of Ekadasi Vella
on the packaging which is a peanut milk
chocolate I'm not gonna lie I've already
tried one of these and so as my wife she
actually loves these I thought this
would taste more chocolaty chocolatey
with a bit of a nutty taste but actually
it tastes more like peanut butter with a
hint of chocolate you can barely
recognize the chocolate so I know what
these already taste like I'm not a bag
I'm not a big fan of this so I'm gonna
take a small bite and just kind of recap
my reaction
[Music]
most often cumberly yeah
definitely a very strong peanut butter
taste it's um something opening that bad
actually it's not it's just not what I
expected I put there be a bit more of a
chocolatey taste but all you can taste
really it's like a nutty taste like a
creamy I don't work you're doing this
like it's helping me flow my work
already
next up we have mini stick owes a
chocolate wafer stick so let's try these
they're quite spirally kind of cool
smells decent I haven't them to say that
these beyond chocolates and wafer and
the very tasty I think there's like
chocolate no I'd little check it out
here's I think that's chalk on the
inside there is of all this chocolate on
the inside only weather where you can
see the chocolate on the outside is
where the chocolate is on the inside as
well which makes a lot of sense because
it's just an int wind spiral I have
another one so here we have a Jack and
Jill
hello of vanilla which is chocolate
coated vanilla filled wafer sandwich so
I think this would be very similar to
what we have in the UK called blue
ribbon
hmm yeah though similar to the UK's blue
ribbon blue ribbon but the vanilla
flavour is coated on the inside there's
like three layers of it in between
wafers and chocolate starts that taste
really good
some jolly finger cream sandwich cookies
now I do like the look of these biscuits
has 8 was it vanilla to the same but
finger cream sandwich cookies so it
might be like a vanilla resore flavoring
on the inside
[Music]
and I'm not vanilla I'm not sure what it
is actually it's got orange flavored
cream interior yes so it's not all
energy or energy filling very nice we're
getting through guys we're getting
through it Goldilocks is sweet delight
shortbread their own little package I
didn't expect that very nice so yeah we
like the shortbread in the UK so this
should be quite tasty
although it doesn't know like shortbread
it's got a kind of powdery look to it
[Music]
hmmm this is very different to what we
normally out this has a strange not
strange bad just strange different
flavor to what we normally have I can't
work out what's different today though
it's looking at the ingredients trying
to find what am I being it seems sweeter
than the UK personally I'm I'm more into
chocolates and cakes and like different
kinds of biscuits more than short
shortbread
we're gonna go for a curly top so we've
got some curly tops here again these are
looking pretty good actually they look a
lot smaller if I'm in the picture I'm
this under from there make em look like
they're about that tall but you know the
boxing is so big so obviously that's not
gonna be the case they're tiny you know
when you have like an advent calendar at
Christmas this is like the chocolate you
get inside that nice kind of milky chalk
or this would be good
this is very nice in terms of the term
milk chocolate
I would say these are very milky to me I
love milk chocolate these taste that
I've got a lot more milk in it so it's
very milky kind of flavored but they
taste really good so far the chocolate
I've tried this is my favorite so far
yeah the same so it's got butter milk
skim milk cuz it's vanilla cinnamon
whole milk there's a lot of bitterness
okay next up we've got some classic la
la milk chocolate
no preservatives low fat no artificial
colors so they have this sort of like
diamond D texture you can see a sort of
diamond texture it's kind of cool
yes that's quite rich dark chocolate oh
it smells chewy I did not expect that
said milk chopped up but it tastes like
dark chocolate
yeah it's got sugar whole milk powder
down cocoa powder corn syrup and vanilla
then why it's so chewy I suppose like a
a bit of toffee like like a soft toffee
like maybe a caramel or even if I wasn't
describing it I also feels like it needs
a bit more sugar I feel like the when
you normally have milk chocolate Tommy's
got a lot of sugar milk and stuff to
make it taste really good if you had
chocolate in its pure form it'll
probably taste really power-walk is
quite a strong flavor and it's not
sugared not sweetened so good so there's
a lot of processing going on to make
chocolate taste good I feel like this
needs a bit more processing like it's
still quite a war chocolatey taste if
you know I mean it's got very like it
mentions a cocoa powder
cumberly a lot of raw cocoa nut next
you've got choco mallows now these I'm
expecting to like because we have things
like this in the UK now I'm expecting an
initial crunch on the chocolate followed
by a soft follow through maybe the thing
into the marshmallow
this tastes just like the ones you get
in the UK yeah it's a chocolate exterior
hardened sort of shell and with the sort
of a bit sticky base very light biscuit
base and then just patch full of
marshmallow anything on it is it's very
tasty
and finally I'm expecting this to be
very rich and very dense to eat it's
hope you read Mungo
it's a read mung beans cake I don't know
what that means I'm not sure if it'll be
sweet or savory I don't know what to
expect at all actually that's not what I
expected so for those of you who don't
know what this is so they look like I'll
show you the packaging so you take it in
the packet and they come in this
cardboard sleeve and this is what it
looks like it's like a it looks like a
mini pie it does not smell sweet doesn't
really smell wow it's got a smell it's
hard to describe the smell this has
really thrown me the word cake confused
me I might be sure from the smell if I'm
gonna even like this think about those
bears beans if I don't like beans and
the fact this a cake
[Music]
that's probably my least favorite snack
oh oh I need a drink
it's got a very soft texture you're like
a kidney bean ah took some swallow it
so it's bound to be things that I like
and dislike as with everybody in the
world
I hope haven't offended you with this
but I don't like that or it's it's um
see I didn't really read what it said
when I first saw I was like okay Kyle
dealer to last I didn't realize it was a
red mung bean cake I can't even begin to
describe the taste but it's just I mean
look at that it's just packed all the
way through just all the way through
that yeah there was absolutely no way I
could get through any about there so
that was all the snacks I got I'm sure
there was a few more that I couldn't
bring with me so I don't hear I am very
sorry that I couldn't bring all of the
food back but hopefully you guys have
all enjoyed and we trying these things
it's a challenging it chance of time
he's in the Philippines I was hoping to
have a day or a morning of something
while I was there to actually try these
snacks and film them from this blog but
I just had so much planned I just had no
time but for the majority of it I did
really like I reckon about 95% of what
ride
I enjoyed hopefully you guys have
enjoyed this Filipino snack vlog so it's
been one month since I'm been to the
Philippines and I thought I would do a
little bit of a reflections video to
talk about my time in the Philippines
Plus just to wind down this whole trip
actually oh I almost forgot
I have a huge announcement to make
[Music]
