[Music]
Friday Friday
[Music]
[Music]
good morning guys and welcome to Casa
del making it happen it is Friday and
today Nelly and I are gonna do something
really exciting we're gonna we're gonna
go out and get plates and dishes but it
really is exciting we've got to get some
stuff to fill out the kitchen I'm
talking about pots pans plates knives
and all that good stuff that we need for
cooking here in Manila and for the very
first time today I am gonna cook in that
kitchen now I don't know what I'm gonna
cook yet but I want to cook something
delicious exciting that's something that
I think you guys will also appreciate
seeing so I don't I'm not sure if
anybody has told you this already but I
have a very famous burger
so Michelle texted me she might come by
later on I'm sorry maybe we'll have our
first guest yes perfect so we'll go to
the mall I think we're going to go to
the landmark see what we menu quick tell
me one song from the Rolling Stones he
keeps teasing me because of this [ __ ] I
forgot the song once again we were
quickly comment one song of the Rolling
Stones down below I could pretty much
can guess what which song the most of
you are going to guess oh it's Friday
Friday Friday
that's from Rebecca black not the
Rolling Stone
by the way worst video ever on YouTube
got more views than any of our videos by
the way welcome to my office isn't she a
beauty I'm still getting things
organized in here today I need to get a
harddrive but I want to get like the
right I want to get like an ass drive
system which is a network accessible
something I don't know
it's a hard drive that I can tie to the
cloud second
since my video files from everywhere
because I'm running out of space for all
these videos that we film so that's also
going to be a mission today maybe also
look at a few monitors for the set up
here a lot of things that I want to show
you guys I don't spoil too much about
this office here because they will be a
non dedicated video for every area that
we're living in and while we're talking
about that let us know what you would
like to see where we talk about each
area of the apartment but for now let's
get going by the way guys this was the
very first thing that I placed into the
office once the furniture was here
because because I'm just proud of it
then and we did it together right
we've come up to the landmark because
people have told us that box good to get
like basic set up they got a huge
selection also the supermarket supposed
to be good here so they'll try and get
like pots and pans here maybe it take a
look at the knifes they have and
whatever I want to get like a SodaStream
I'm sure they'll have a SodaStream
because we have our own filtered water
get it sparkling put some essential oils
in it and get on the plane
[Music]
a washing machine or is it printer I
don't know for me it looks like a
printer
[Music]
so a mistake I've always made in the
past as I I bought some cheap pants and
I always ended up regretting it so now
I'm trying to figure out what's the best
pant I definitely liked a pal
they're not that expensive the high
quality and what I'm looking for is
something with a heavy bottom so I can
see up like steaks nicely in them
because if it doesn't have a heavy
bottom if it doesn't have a thick bottom
as soon as you put meat in it the pan
will cool down and you're going to lose
anything any possibility for great sear
that you once had I really like this one
I hear ya but you have it like this just
bigger yeah then the problem that we
have is that all the pants here are in
different colors and we don't want to
mix them up
[Music]
quick break off shopping to get some
food you have eaten today it's 2 o'clock
we've been to the gym so we just
actually quickly wanted to get a few
small things but it's like life changing
situation you're right now because how
often in life do you get the chance to
go out and pick something exactly the
way you want it without having to mix it
with other things that you already have
in your place doesn't happen very often
it's a unique opportunity and last time
in Miami we wasted that unique
opportunity and we're just like quickly
quickly got things together and peace
the bit still together but now without
getting I got the knives that I
specifically want and we're getting like
the pans that we specifically wanted so
it's coming together but it's very
strenuous because we were like too
nervous wrecks yeah I'm a nervous wreck
right it's taking way longer and much
more money than I anticipated that I
wanted it to I know I know but we have
good intentions we just got our food
takeaway really yeah Raina's so we can
go to the restaurant say put our food
and here no plastic keys mainly how
you're enjoying this experience mm I
think we over exaggerated when we said
it's going to be a fun
oh no it's I mean it is fun but it is a
little bit overwhelming to be honest
just because the choice is like there's
so many choices but anyways I think we
are almost done almost almost done
[Music]
Saturday
7,000
the long bill
so guys this is my this is my favorite
time of the day in the apartment when
the Sun is kind of blowing through the
window and everything is so nice and
warm golden hour is what the caller made
it's just unpacking our kitchen but I
have to edit the video so yeah you're
gonna yeah and I'm actually waiting for
the plans to come they might come in
five minutes I'm going to show you
beautiful plans yeah live plans to bring
more life into this place than you
realize
so we used to have plastic plan plans
but I really really want natural ones
we had organic cats so plastic plants
were better but luckily the lady who's
coming is from pot twist and she hurried
a message with me on Instagram and she
told me what what I have to take care of
so she's coming to teach me how to treat
plants nice yeah maybe I will have a
green thumb this is my timer for my
coffee by the way guys so many of you
were asking about the coffee maker I was
using recently it's the Aeropress
and it's a very inexpensive way to make
brewed coffee I guess it's really cool
I've owned like five of these already
keep losing parts of them and entire
things that they're grateful they are
great for traveling grateful to have a
great coffee to beautiful flowers Wow
hello nice to meet you so ah they opened
the trunk of the car and when I saw the
plants oh I like oh my god I can't wait
to position them so luckily I have these
guys here who will help me all the way
to put them I have to get back to work
yeah I know I'll take over I have to
finish the vlog for you guys yeah go go
go is the one that you want to be placed
inside your group all of them now let me
have a look so what would you say it's I
wanted to have it in the back you see
where the chair is
so we can place the snake here yeah so
in the back occupying so much space and
then yeah perfect yeah and then maybe
one here that sounds good because I had
it exactly like that in my inspiration
so I'm going to have a look oh that
looks what I'm gonna try and see you
[ __ ] plants would fit yeah perfect
you know I'm back in the shadow people
know me tracking me down with it this is
you will see you when the water is a
plant or light requirement for the plans
and then it'll tip here yeah so that's
good for me huh yeah yeah yeah mine too
little green elements of natural organic
matter your papi I don't know it just
looks and feels alright thank you so
much guys the apothem that's amazing
thank you keep in touch thank you for
all the advice and tips and delivery and
everything I'm super happy and I will
link their details of course in the
description box below so definitely
check them all they're amazing I loved
all the plans yeah see you soon it may
be more than a few and we gonna make a
most of the time that we do guys she
could fall in love when I get her in the
coupe's is your mother dummy dude dude
always
daughter's been hit in the right way for
a sec with a chunk of my man they're
fine yeah
start statement I'll need to cheat to be
getting my live I need a bit especially
happening we are cooking for the very
first time in our new home and this is
very special because Mike is preparing a
special purpose it it's a burger it's
not specially it because I'm missing a
few ingredients but I got I got a few of
the things I was able to get to that
Ruston's yeah few things I was very
excited about put a few things and still
still need to tweak and get better at
finding oh do you see the salt some I
know so I'm going to show you a little
bit what we got today for pennies
good night yes look at the whole shebang
never had such a nice knife said I've
always wanted ya never had
and the thing is he hasn't taken because
it was quite on the pricey side but then
again I said okay look in the past few
years you used less good night in the
past few years you use Western knives
and you are always annoyed so I think
you deserved to have good knives
especially when you're cooking a lot so
yeah put in line for like 10 minutes and
then we realize I'd forgotten the salt
so I went back to get salt in our last
assault Oh God love a good Sunday oh by
the way if you're wondering why the
lights in this room is different than in
that room it's because of our lights
adjustments yeah we can adjust the light
to any setting we want any color
temperature
any color so I literally could just turn
these lamps red yeah you want to see
please let's go into the kitchen and
botan birthday party lights whoo is the
movie mode oh no that's no dating night
Oh romance look at that and then we have
candles flicker as well yeah that's
weird
all-time favorite flash notification oh
no please don't
so a few things I'm very excited about
having here in Manila is Japanese
mayonnaise super hard to get in Miami
almost impossible to get in Austria so
I'm really glad that we got it here they
have it in every grocery store this is
honestly the best mayonnaise if you're
not making your own mayonnaise this is
the one to go with then toasted it's
quickly quickly my man is this the one
with the baby on then toasted sesame
seed oil super important for cooking
gives a lot of flavor and then I got
Coleman's mustard which is so so so
intense so spicy but he can do so many
things with us so the potatoes are
cooking I'm going to show you what we
got today so this is one of the Pens
that we got over there we have not this
is one of the plots and this is a fan
sorry guys so it was really important
for you to have good pants so yep
those are the pants then we have some
really nice plates we have what is it
called new containers made of glass go
take away and then these things you need
for cooking utensils and we took those
to be to be why did we take those
utensils oh yeah because metal ones are
bad for the surface of the pans so it
was good to have like plastic or
silicone much better yeah
then we got here on these cutting boards
and then just put it on this is this is
really cool it's the small things isn't
it I lost I bought salt but I lost this
so I'm making fries with no salt and
burgers with no solid but it was all
such problems we've got the sauce but
it's just nice standing in the kitchen
cooking yeah I know
I don't know why but standing in the
cook yes the hang in the cook he's done
a kitchen cooking wizard to music in the
background this just relaxes me
something so special about it I don't
know what it is it's so calming I made
this special sauce which is essentially
a quickie mayonnaise salt mustard sesame
seed oil onions ketchup and I feel like
it needs a little bit of a kick I
usually I put like a little bit of salt
in it yeah but when
how is it I don't know oh okay we're
gonna travel right so I mean the
ingredients seem to be good lacking a
few tools flow but I learned a few
things that I need to buy to their yeah
next week
no God yeah considering we didn't have
any salt and I didn't have any way to
measure how the doneness is of the meat
and that's a pretty good medium rare mmm
looking good looking good
right okay so let's take it
all right guys yesterday after the
delicious burger we just went to bed we
were super tired burgers with delicious
it was amazing cooking in our kitchen
and today we actually got a few more
accessories for the kitchen a few like
we got beautiful oh yeah you'll see the
next one
in any case today Nelly and I are going
out to explore Little Tokyo in Legaspi
village I think it's in the Gatsby right
yeah it is
and then right after that we're going to
do a second video today which is going
to be a Legaspi bar crawl so definitely
stay tuned for those two videos if
you're out in the gas business even
because this video is going like just
before we go out don't be shy say hi but
for now I'm going to end this video if
you did enjoy it let me know in the
comments down below smash that thumbs up
subscribe to turn on the notifications
if you not have done so yet great flow
on that sentence I will see you guys
tomorrow same time same place remember
to stay awesome and make it happen
good night
[Music]
