[Music]
all righty so with day number two the
barrier fiesta and already it's quite
that's quite jam-packed here so it's not
gonna get busier
we're told that Sunday's normally a
busier day so if you do on that whole
for the Philly experience maybe Sunday's
a better day for you right now we're
going to go find some food because we've
got eating this morning and I've did
promise with the vendors that I'd go
back to their stall so I'm going at a
feast
[Music]
I want to try everything never greed I
want to try it and not sure what I'm
trying exactly but it some of it looks
incredible it looks really really good
there's like some finger stick this
stuff and things you guys probably
talking about there is one tip here on
there you should know that one yes
you've tasted that already unless you
happen are you gonna try and tasted a
bit of everything in the middle
we have deuteron bullet mark that's the
interest in the boiler and then it will
deep fry it is nice for very high in
your cholesterol level 3 and then we
have the marinated sauce it was white
milk fish it's one there
well and it was pure
and then we have to conference I just
make them so it's poor meaty very meaty
fed people here on sweet Iran but it's
not like a small versions of it we got
four big here and then we have you like
you yes that's not that was the first
street food I had in the Philippines
what they say keep on I like you but I
like you
yeah thank you master q is our had a
party and we have the web melon drink
we'll always have to have a melon during
mixing here
look at this I'm so greedy
Oh hallo as well we gained Philippine of
hospitality just expectations I was
happy to pay a salary I was making offer
how bit of everything and I just liked
giving us the food I'm just trying to
pay for my food but they won't accept
money so we're gonna take a picnic now
and try all this amazing food about a
fourth I'm gonna be stuff before the end
of the day we actually got some samples
of the food from bar so easy to try out
is that correct yeah I've a picture of
everything I'm not quite sure why is all
that a fight together but I'm gonna tuck
in and have my breakfast
oh it it looks interesting yeah you know
what they're called though what else you
know that Sean I think we have yeah all
right that's this is the little koala
this is teacher envelope flap it's also
crispy like the DiGiorno on it yeah this
was didn't go hon do you go on yes
please
is somebody said yes it can you say them
again
Papa Ethan this one is going to God did
I go on dinner go on I would remember
this I'm sure you well how about this
this is fancy
yes that's banana over there you know
it's a barbecue oh it's barbecue
actually the Filipino version of the
barbecue
yummy yummy and this one is called
peanut you don't want to try all right
well good luck with that
I'm sure you enjoy each and every one of
those some that you sampled if you want
to sample more we've got so much more
Filipino food that you can definitely
try but this hollow challah is going to
be awesome it's gonna get a really
really really great I'm gonna tuck into
everything let's start with the noodle I
heard they really go that's a really
good these are my noodles as far these
so these are quite light seeds they're
not like really heavy on your Sonja's
thumb up so it's quite easy to go down
on a note read about every plate then to
play em pink up I'm going to try this
next because it looks like the thing I'm
going to enjoy the least it looks a
little like my domina go forward look
straight so I'm going to see what it
tastes like
that's not bad
it tastes seven let me spicy look fishy
to me but all right when I just tucked
into it it isn't
[Music]
[Music]
like actually now looking at it I think
[Music]
some sort of source whatever source this
is nobody can say cause she had
something to smile could be cause yeah I
don't know you think you know vegetables
you think you know food nickel in
Philippines what happen up in a pudding
or so mixed together you don't know why
you're getting offense in fact what we
do well they eat everything every single
part when it kind of will go around and
try bit of everything before I get home
so this is a city where as a about
Oh
[Music]
there's all the bit weird basically most
of most is possible again to sort of
like went for the flames to ticking
because I've just wrapped on the outside
while on that boy cleanse my palate with
this new food tasting so bad now I think
there's a initial tacky to is it's just
a bit odd you organize on the beach so
this was cheated on was it
[Music]
this is basically like a box rattling if
you're British and it's basically like a
most soft version of that needs a dip
so I dip into my vinegar trophy supposed
to do that anyway
again dipping in my gravy of wonder
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this video of this meal sponsored by we
know vecino of vicino it's a bachina
yeah doing a Pacino I need it Filipino
path is a kind of Guardian oh really so
you could follow a complex image didn't
it go everywhere I want to get some
flower I wanna throw this everything
none there yeah that's a bit of
everything
yeah so dessert
[Applause]
I like it that's the day now this is
like a whole meal for today ice in there
as well so really really cold God but
he's never gonna brain freeze often
others do that for you
[Music]
one of the nicest hahaha
so just finished our breakfast bloody
big merely walls and so forth I couldn't
again finish the hollow hollow it's just
way too much with the handle you can see
already like it's coming up to like
12:00 12:30 or something you see it's
already quite packed so it's definitely
Sunday is the busier day how long have
you been attending the barrier Fiesta
for I've been attending for over 30
years these are the catering
the childhood was hard yeah Todd lately
okay
if you had a strictness and definitely
you go fish coming here for 34 years
just only one me this is our second year
being on here for quite some time yeah
you gotta cook me for the food the
atmosphere everything I have been coming
here every year
because you know what no it means you
will have localized anomaly ice was the
most popular thing that you serve but
clearly it's ice cream so G have like a
particular flavor
what a zoo babe I miss the sweet um
callejero which is like a ice kind of
deserve
types of ingredients just really
refreshing especially when it's nice and
of a nightie
we have bought some something there I
know this one this one is called penny P
so basically you mix them all off across
the ice put some milk Hollow which is in
English mix Helana there should be more
Filipino restaurants in the UK or just
anywhere because holla holla is amazing
you gotta try it got a try it's getting
bigger and bigger and bigger as you can
see
if you have Filipino friends or know
Filipinos you know with our food gather
is just having so much fun we lock on
funds are in our name basically
by the way my best friend is my sister
I'm gonna have some Booker
and we're our previous logs with shame
I've seen
oh thank you so much are you sure
thank you so much I'm just surprised I
mean really good as well
yeah we've been smelling Filipinos from
hippies
I'm in yeah yeah tonight yeah it's
really nice
oh my god really nice obey for the win
my hashtag that okay for the win I know
you guys expected me to tell you what it
tastes like and all that kind of stuff
and honestly it's it's so difficult like
I don't know we had to describe it
it isn't like when they win cheating
sort of made like from potato and the
O's thinking it might be a little bit
thief I don't know you I probably
laughing at me now why would it be
earthy I don't know but it turns out
it's just like any like ordinary members
of its Queen minused its sweetness it's
hard to pinpoint of flavor it doesn't
taste like anything specific and get it
tastes like everything it's so vague
it's a vague flavor I have no other way
to describe it we've all an ice cream
from the formulas cafe in London that's
the object comes in just cashew nuts on
the side the ice cream right so they
still end up like I'm gonna melt in
there and you can see like ice cream and
stuff it looks like a cake base or
something so I guess for fun that I'm so
excited for Talia so needing asking
right now
[Applause]
if you like ice cream obviously gonna
enjoy this I feel at this bus cotton
excellent Amanda turned upside down you
can see the cake in there my kind of
dessert guys and my kind of dessert
that's a good texture as well I think
it's the each scoop I'm getting nuts in
there as well so that takes over the
flavor of it
I think the ice cream is really like a
toffee so vanilla toffee flavor
look who's come to join us you be in the
vlog now aha I know he's terrible the
worst I am the worst dance fan ever
oh really yeah oh wow worse than worse
than the good way though yeah the thing
that he doesn't know yet
I am his stalker so we've backstage
there's like two backstage areas as the
backstage where we on a sort of carpark
area and whenever this area is and then
you've got this area behind this fence
which is where the artists reside for
their weekend here from what we've
understand from speaker to security you
don't think oak is actually here yet he
did say to me to meet him here you'll
come out and say hello and so I'm just
making sure that we get some good bro
time together just heard back from Oggy
he said that he's here and he's a
reception on his phone is a little bit
spotty so we can see people in a tent
but the tent windows all sort of like
slightly frosty since typical to see if
he's in the tent but I've told nah I'm
outside here by the railings and that
you can't miss me
so hopefully he'll be out soon look
that's holy enough
Boulton what hotel you can apply my
chest
and I'm growing defense is asking that
depends who's asking
so mr. Acosta has been spotted I'm gonna
try and got his attention
bring him over chat can you buy me a
later on gofer drinker bar but he said
he'd be after ten o'clock when they get
back to the hotel and it'll take me two
hours to drive home so if I left the
moment I saw him I'd be home after
midnight and I've got work in the
morning so I think we're doing good I
can't do it so I was trying at this
service drinking now even them have no
drinks with us yes
that isn't here
if we're allowed good to see if you do
how are you thanks I'm very well thank
you how's your trip why I've been your
fan since I can thank you so now your
love would you I'll take I'll take the
charity Lensky I'll catch you guys in
there yeah thank you for responding to
my tweets
no worries okay well I will stop by and
I'll introduce you to some games
okay yep sure this is ray this is Dan
vlog gursha
and he took on a previous regime Fanny
Regine Wow
oh you have to applaud camera I have to
apologize the night I met you guys sorry
it was overwhelming or burst into tears
never happened before what happened a
guy yep che in the meat PCV yeah so I
have to redeem myself
yeah yeah that's really sort of my claim
really everyone kind of knows me from
doing reaction videos so chat with Oggy
is such a nice guy so much time really
appreciate it so key when you're
watching this back if you're watching
this back thank you for the time I
really appreciate it we'll catch up
again soon and I promise you when the
schedule allows it will go for dinner
and we'll have a good evening
and yes please do come to the UK for
concerts not just me but everyone here
sort of wants that to happen so make it
happen make it happen
[Music]
face painted would you like it this side
of the probably this side is a better
size I think
get many requests for
why are you not getting us because I'm a
man
you don't think so well I've always
thought it was a girl thing so I've kind
of avoided that you should see some of
the data bits like walking around in the
first year at the buyer
most traders yes
penetrate Glastonbury reading yeah
why not how's it working out for you
really busy actually
yeah next year
there's no tendons yesterday afternoon
there once it was the perfect oh yeah I
think it's it's up but we've already
left like - oh you miss all the best she
owns the company always having snacks
gives me all the job
look at the detail also awesome
that's pretty swish
I like very much they're making it way
to the main stage so you can see just
around already the people here there's
so many people definitely round today
people seem to prefer the Sunday for
some reason maybe there's bigger
artisans and they go but literally where
the VIP area is is just like through
these the see if people somehow got
across that
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we can the baby may be there of course
Elena either
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
he waved at me as well
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
I'll take it
fingers crossed guys
oh yeah thank you
congratulations one ending to that
barrier Fiesta God that just escalated
so much at the end there's brilliant see
out of the two days I'd say Sunday's
busier but it's more electrifying so
depends what kind of vibe you want to go
for alrighty so we're just waiting to
head backstage but hopefully we would
get to meet the other guys as well gives
me gone down anyway so we don't got a
few more people to go through and then
we get a bit of time in them so nice so
wait matter how many more thank you
I'm gonna bloggers you yes shaking what
gave it away
yeah but we'll have to come together in
batches of ten yeah that's okay yeah go
guys
big tours no idea hi there any okay
so the meet-and-greet was basically
literally that fast that was like I'm
hanging around because I'm not sure
what's going happening so I'm a bit
disappointed quick hello that I get a
chance to back but I'm not really
holding out much hope if I'm completely
honest so yeah that marks the end of day
two it really was just a super fast
flying visit there was literally no
chance for us to have any kind of
conversation with these celebrities so
it was like we got in had a photo
straight out and it was like what what
what it so yeah definitely a day one is
more time with the celebrities of course
you can't predict which celebrities are
coming on what day so if you want to see
somebody on day two because they're
ending their day two it's one of them
you kind of have to just put up with
that but the overall experience that we
have has been fantastic day two is
certainly more buzzing than day one so
for sure if you want a good atmosphere
just followed it with people and smiling
faces then sunday is your day if you are
into some sort of like relaxing time a
bit more time to talk chill out take the
event at your own pace then stuff today
is the better day people always trying
to tell you VIP saying it's a better
experience
and it is for day two don't want any
pump we just get away with not having
VIP because you can get quite close to
the stage and get a good views not too
deep for the people but day two for sure
it's good to be random for the people so
you do you want to get a good you know a
good view of the artist I'm gonna going
to be the stage maybe have a chance for
you know high fiving or shaking hands as
other people then you know VIP is
starting the way forward that is my
experience with very fiestas do check
out my other videos on my channel if you
haven't already and we'll see you next
year
[Music]
