[Music]
hi total as we hear back again yeah and
we're gonna make thank you action video
so much for 20 25 more days so two
hundred subscribers you love you you
don't have to push that out there we are
going to still be out today actually had
a stiff neck here you know just where a
missionary I yesterday so did she has a
chill for a while if you want to know
what's happening our journey just
suddenly thought of the logs and i can
write one of the suggestions that you
gave us 4th power raised to rewards
power race another subscriber with
jessie j hit what is this turning yeah
it's not chase Robin chase Robin chase
Robin shut out the sheet from base Robin
fourth powering through Jessie J chase
Robin thank you we're gonna see this
okay for the power to rule our it's an x
factor UK 2015 auditions on the three
and seven million be here we go ready
set go the x factor won't get cute
no fool i saw them a facebook post oh
yeah by and see this one they came I
don't know why they come to expunge
ethos is it for English people in for
yeah but they want to get famous pasta
me thank you I hope you don't develop it
also supports look it up we were raised
in philippines yep our hometown we love
the food all our friends are there
shadow copies shut up short beans just
you she's crying when she crime ready
she's like the kissing hydro what the
peace asa sheet there from so cute you
don't look like sure that you know like
they kind of look at her white right I
don't look like a Pure Ones you know no
really no sister cuz their skins I know
that she looks kind of Korean I bet your
father screeners up and they flew all
the way from the Philippines who pay the
more they sponsored or something it'll
pick up very good but they're good
they're good she's do I teach the
security it's what left phone yeah super
right one
mrs. Grose scratches all that girl was
about girl filia san lien they all of
this just isn't and are you real sisters
or just like all right there just like
friends sisters you know 12 hours of one
that's long like 10 years my music like
nine years usually nine years why not
isn't there x factor philippines so it's
not that big Oh or maybe they want
something bar or so they want to step
next level I philippine idol that would
be nice thank you oh they do get up okay
I think they're gonna do it I probably
got ready I mean I are them because I
hope they don't make a cousin you have
like this like a long break like young
introduction let me kind of get like a
yes because people will plus no
introduction they feel no speak the moms
there
amongst their so therefore sisters
wheels real sisters not like Fran
sisters
what are they all look the same
but the dad will be hand side is he
asking such
kind of that korean culture oh here it
starts okay here we go here we go here
we go here we go here we go go go oh my
god we have a they have a stand
whoa whoa whoa they could dance to but
the movement audience are like less than
it already thank you that is great she's
done very slow that's good oh it's not
easy to dance and sing like that in
front of the audience I 1,000,000 hi
that girl's good that she's written
their rank you some idea okay Jen agree
all right every feels that's really hard
all right he's good oh they have this
vibration in there like their voices
polyq no longer lets up it's pretty good
ok just a big joke shut up I'm not
saying I
oh she almost live
don't know what my favorite girl has for
me the weakest voice which is the
prettiest one oh the biggest biggest
most notorious one where is rapping
rapping she'sshe the bed and she's a
small fountain cuz she could smash all
right
they all can rap and sing
whoa our money I think I think she's the
best this girl that there girl that girl
is like professional but then I was a
poor no no no she loved this she's good
too but her white ones better I feel
like longer she's like the weakest was
either that's okay the covers are we but
that that girl like what even if you're
okay Macario should be the best better
than all the k-pop idols for sure for
sure the judges are standing ovation the
judges are standing up to the crime lab
right lady coming tears of joy tears of
joy without my cry tears of joy
get it crying
m imagine that was the audience are you
looking for you know in floor and
everything he's a very big stage for
that yeah he was but I don't think
they're poor cuz they have money to let
me know I mean look come on I'm airport
but yeah you know it's not easy oh the
British that's a very strong Wembley's
off wanna put it back old required
mother off that girl you blew my mind my
blue-eyes mind me she's from Ireland you
blew my mind I think I have a Scottish I
like that they are monsters Pass hold an
IFO pasti on just a few gonna miss this
ain't no girl you're not you're not well
that's a nice that's a big that class
c-1 what's ice cream of I think that's
the judge oh yeah there are you are but
it's pretty legit oh my god a crime I'm
she crying I'm abilities
I voice and we both
ah
even Simon but there saima is a really
hard judge to convince
yeah so cute that doesn't agree with it
uh yeah damn yeah man you should give me
a yes and yes yes yes yes of course it's
a yes I want to pour ce we should
do I want to contact them let's talk
about rapid they say about that's pretty
good getting to living should reply and
keep shooting Basilico if you get seems
like I just okay on her we are made of
many cells oh yeah many video sound
that's good thank you for thank you for
making you must watch this they should
press the button button Oh
thank you is it over fourth ball they
really put so powerful like the voices
are like
57 million views damn right for the girl
57 new
oh good um Filipino people they really
talented people yeah there's a lot of
good singers and yeah dinosaurs out
there just like you know just not
because they were forced to do it or
train like kpop cuz they were like
though it they have to train every day
and right you know they're like like
pude up by that like that spewed up by
nyt ya know they're like just so you
know mentally drained by it that the
pressure that they have to do this every
move that hit this epic note no that's
that's the Korean style Filipinos are
more like just more like one smiling
absolutely good time and singing and
dancing so that's gonna be naturally
back next that's why way that's our egg
swing loved it we got our own short
original thing right original song and
music video exam a bit many sandwich I
get out in our each count yeah those of
all reactions oh you might have you met
for a while good loves he made a he made
out there it's also a class people are
lovely thank you very much chance for
the 200 subscribers you guys are awesome
till was screaming for now at how many
already 400 but it's made 505 I don't
you finally get power to it yeah you
think we could buy one when do you like
maybe to 20 years later maybe we're in
Japan that's rich 500 are we gonna choke
that we have no money no we are gonna go
to Japan we're gonna get fired whatever
happened to it yeah okay guys thank you
y 1 seconds come on ja ja ja go go go
oh here we go go go oh my god
they have a stand
whoa whoa whoa they could dance to got
some moves man audience are like less
than it already
that is great and she's done very slow
that's good oh it's not easy to dance
and sing like that in front of the
audience I 1,000,000 hi that girl's good
that she they're wearing few special my
face yeah okay she'll agree all right
every feels that's really hard all right
it's good they have this vibration in
there like the voice of coin eek go on
that sounds pretty good okay just any
good job shut up I'm not saying I oh she
almost live
the world my favorite girl has for me
the weakest voice which is the prettiest
one oh oh yes because my latest firmware
is rapping rapping she'sshe the bed and
she's a smooth mounted cuz she could
smash all right
they all can rap and sing
o our money I think I think she's the
best this
even Simon but there Simon is a really
hard judge to convince
cute that doesn't make it move it ah
yeah damn yeah man you give me a yes and
yes yes yes yes of course it's a yes
 I want to pour you see we should do
I want to contact them let's local about
rapid they saying about that's pretty
good getting to living should reply and
keep shooting in the Senate though if
you get seems like I just okay on her we
aren't made of many sounds oh yeah many
video sound that's good thank you for
thank you for making must watch this
yeah they should press the button button
oh thank you is it over fourth ball
they're really really put so powerful
make the voices are like that
57 million views damn right for the goal
57 new house that strong oh good um
Filipino people they really talented
people yeah there's a lot of good
singers and oh yeah dinosaurs out there
just like you know just not because they
were forced to do it or train like kpop
cuz you're like so they have to train
every day and right you know they're
like I pude off by that like that spewed
up by nyt ya know they're like just so
you know mentally drained by it that the
pressure that they have to leave this
every move that hit this every note no
that's that's the korean girl afghan
girl that girls like professional but
then I was a poor no no no she like the
best she's good too but no white ones
better at the White longer she's like
the weakest either that's okay the
coverage that we but that that girl
right there what even this year old came
curio should be the best he's better
than all the paper by those for sure for
sure the judges are dying evaluation the
judges are standing up to the crime way
alright lady coming tears of joy here's
but I might cry tears of joy
get it crying for that thing I'm imagine
there's the audience repeats where you
know a sore and everything it's a very
big stage for that yeah but I don't
think they're poor cuz the economic
money too many toi mean look come on
then I my favorite poor boy yeah you
know it's not easy oh the British has a
very strong oh don't know Wembley's off
I wanna put it back all right my god Oh
bad girls you blew my mind my blue-eyes
mind me she's from Ireland you blew my
mind I think I ever Scottish I like that
they are monsters Pass hold an ad for
pasti on just a few wanna be this ain't
no girl you're not yes well that's the
next that's a big that to us what's a
small I think that's the judge oh yeah
there are you who you are but it's
pretty legit oh my god to crime why is
she crying I'm gonna say something
well
artists are small because their skins
are like she looks kind of Korean I bet
your father screeners up and they flew
all the way from the Philippines who
paid and are they sponsored or something
feel big on good but they're good
they're good Shifu I think she's the
cutest it's one left foot yeah super
right one this is gross scratch that
great was about girl filia san lien they
all of this assistant and are you real
sisters or just like all right there
just like friends sisters you know 12
hours of one that's long like 10 years
like nine years
why isn't there x factor philippines so
it's not that big Oh or maybe they want
something about our so they want to step
next level it should have been idle
don't be nice thank you oh I hope they
do get up okay they think they're gonna
do it I probably got ready I mean I are
them because I hope they don't make
because then you have like this like a
long break like young introduction let
me kind of get like a yes because people
work for us no introduction they feel no
sleep the moms their minds their
from there therefore sisters meals real
sisters not like France sisters no
wonder they all look the same
but the data began service yet some
sausage
kind of that korean culture oh here it
starts okay here we go here we go here
we go there we go hi total guys we hear
back again yeah and we're gonna make the
thank you action video so much for 20 25
more days I was wondering subscribers
you love you have to push that out there
we are going to still be out today
actually had a stiff neck here yeah this
morning this scenario yesterday so we're
just you have to chill for a while if
you want to know what's happening in our
journey just other to be the father will
be logs and I can say one of the
suggestions that you gave us North power
raised to reward our race another
subscriber with Jessie J it what is this
yeah it's not chase Robin chase Robin
chase Robin shut out the sheet from face
Robin fourth powering through Jessie J
chase Robin thank you i'm gonna see this
okay or the power to rule our it's an x
factor UK 2015's auditions which one of
three acts 11 million be here we go
ready set go the x factor
what a cute nose I saw them a facebook
though oh yeah by and see this one they
came I don't know why they come to
expound ethos is it for English people
in for yeah but they want to get famous
pasta me thank you there were love you
know you gotta look it over 450 no
squeezable we were raised in philippines
yep our hometown we love locust all our
friends were there shadow copies shut up
shrimp beans just dude she's crying why
are you crying ready but she's like
she's back
they say hi girls what the piece is a
sheet there from you you don't look like
sure that you know like they kind of
look at her white right I don't look
like a Pure Ones you know no really no
