what's up everybody it's your friendly
neighborhood have Nichole's back again
with another reaction video as always by
my success hi Sam I'm Sam and today
we're coming at you is a very special
one because this one is Jay Dean singing
our song
so y'all if you love some Joe sample I
came in for it and he backed away if
you're into suggestion get the heart
think um oh sorry thug is all of me and
I feel like it's going to be a really
really good song for them we've been on
age 18 shrimp lately we listen to a lot
of James read Serie G as well as you
know we saw James and Nadine perform as
well we saw this at the end of a Sarah G
James Dean duet doing Bruno Mars songs
and whether we have to see they have to
because it's our song so if we get a
little weak in the knees while we're
watching this because I love has
overwhelmed us and yes thankfully we'll
be sitting our bliss go ahead shake of
the singers going yeah
[Music]
there's a few times when things I really
like
[Music]
I would like for I was okay okay like
the camera
[Music]
he
Thank You girls
[Music]
you're filming a much different vibe
than the third person yeah
[Music]
whoever awarding nothing like this is a
surprise yeah I love John Legend another
was that the great potato you know yeah
[Music]
Harmonizers really
nothing that was really good
that wasn't us
[Music]
well your mom was generally wanted
everything over
I've been uh pretty good right there
that one's good yeah the first one they
did was sponsored in my opinion
[Music]
Rick above all coming together
also what they're wearing like
contrasting you know yeah
[Music]
what the hospital experimental yeah
[Music]
people's are okay there we go we saw
that from above yeah I was like was I
going to come oh that was awesome
that's cute so a couple here and there I
feel okay she likes finger I think she
does it all
I mean honestly she's performed with
them I think if she wasn't a singer
issue anything I just feel like well you
know one time they had the three girls
sing and dance and they weren't like all
singers and people said like well
they're not like mobely were so yeah so
I'm like wondering does she normally
sing cuz I feel like she's like super
nervous you know what I mean she does
seem more reserves she's like so nervous
seeming Tom I'm pretty sure she's like
what's his act or something I yeah but
like it looks like she rose to fame for
being an actress so I think she's an
actress that also sings yeah I mean I
definitely feel like James
that's his wheelhouse yeah thank God no
getting a perfect song for him I feel
like James his voice is spot-on I feel
like Nadine's voice is like a little
shaky and that's my opinion you know I
mean one in here and there I do what
he's saying there was there was two or
three of the harmonies that I would say
we're a little rough
yeah I'm not necessarily bad that they
definitely were not have this yeah I
want to hear her sing though somewhere
like where we can actually hear our
voice instead of a bunch of screaming
people on top of it it's like harder to
get that something because a lot of
videos are going to see are going to be
like live performances yeah and so like
if we were to feed on like the wish bus
or if we would see her like it like
we're like mix live or something that
would be totally Foster
well I can't news for you she has music
videos and a lot of people have asked do
reaction to music video well yeah I'm
done I need to hear more of her because
it's hard for me to give this feel with
all screaming people the other thing to
you I feel like can they have a really
good chemistry onstage in general and I
did feel like more of their harmonies
were really well
yeah more was more was good the first
one I was like but then the last the
very last one I felt like we were we
both were like that one was a little
shaky but the ones in the middle like
they were all great yeah I don't know I
love them it's like the thing where she
instead of going like from high to low
she was Oh like it's like it's different
and I almost like she's like her take on
that song I carry little hmm to think
she does to that song but that I think
that was what was tripping me up the
first time I don't know well I think
your will definitely do some I heard
music videos in the future I want to do
more games as well yeah I don't know let
us know what you thought in the comments
section down below as well as any other
videos you'd like us to see in the
future time if you like this video click
that like button turns we wouldn't touch
it not everything does we do have one
thing that comes in blue though it's
that new hot same teacher always be
spring calm flash hot fan pick it up
while you can and when you do make sure
to tweet it out to its little snow yet
did also we want to give a shout out to
our top patrons on patreon kim williams
with cheeky sum and thank you for always
being by our side if you wanna do a
patron as well and get exclusive content
first looks at videos as well as access
to some videos now we'll never make it
on youtube go to patreon.com/scishow
that goes TV because they turn today we
appreciate it
hope you guys enjoyed this video as much
as we did we absolutely love seeing you
every single day hopefully we'll see you
tomorrow we love you yes bye
