hello everyone so it's been a while
since I've invited my dear dear brother
in one of my reaction
videos so this time around I invited him
for two
reasons one because it's been a minute
since he's been on uh on uh one of my
videos and the second because it is
official we are going to the
Philippines it's going to be next year
and it's around April and May but I say
it's official because the plane
tickets have been bought we bought them
yes sir but the thing is we're not just
going to do the Philippines we're going
to do other Asian countries but we're
going to finish with the with the
Philippines and I will stay a little bit
longer okay so he's coming with me and
another friend as well so yes you can be
sure that I will be visiting the
Philippines next year okay I couldn't up
until today because of coid because of
life because you know but this time
around we're going to do it for sure and
we are here today to react to a specific
video about the Philippines called the
top 10 Philippines your dream
destination I believe this is a video by
uh leblan I think he is also Canadian
and you know he traveled through Asia
and I believe that I have already
reacted to one of his videos uh about
the Philippines but he released a
another one a few years later that I
have never seen so I thought I should
react to it with my brother here because
we will be visiting the Philippines next
year and we have a few destinations in
mind all right are you ready for
this all right and of course if you are
new to the channel
welcome can you say
that no say malig no come on try
bro okay then just say your name say akf
akf there you go uh so yes uh my name is
OA uh I am a sound engineer beat maker
and content creator on YouTube and uh
you know with that being said let's get
to it let's
go
get ready to be taken on a tropical
Journey Through the most beautiful
destination that I have come across in
all my 3 years of travel this right here
is the Philippines having spent almost 4
and 1/2 months three separate visits in
the country I've seen and done a lot of
things here and because of my recent
trip here it was time to update my top
10 to the Philippines 2.0 version strap
yourself in and get ready what will be
your next tropical Adventure the
Philippines okay there you go so his
name is lost LeBlanc LeBlanc you know in
English they say they like to pronounce
the C at the end LeBlanc notc but but in
reality his last name is French LeBlanc
which means white let's hop right into
it with number 10 Cresta Deo this is
going to be an island that 95% of you
have never heard of before the reason
being because well it's probably just
about the hardest Island you can ever
try to get to I spent about 3 days of
travel just just to get here there were
no given routes you basically had to
completely wing it and just show up hope
that everything would work out but one
of the great things about traveling the
Philippines is that the locals will stop
what they're doing in a heartbeat to try
to help you out so getting around even
the off the beaten path kind of places
is still possible here but you really
need to want this so why should you go
out of your way to find crested Deo well
I think the Drone shots will speak for
themselves when you show up on this
island you feel like you're on Castaway
you feel like you are stranded in the
middle of nowhere you might as well
start screaming Wilson because there
ain't no one coming we were fortunate
enough that day to have had the sun on
our side and we got a remarkable Sunset
we watched it on this narrow white sand
beach crested Deo is for those who are
willing to go the extra 1,000 miles to
see doubt we be going now let's move on
to number nine number nine is one that
most of you know very well and have seen
on your Instagram as it's currently
blowing up and that is beautiful ELO yes
ELO is one of the most talked about
destinations all right that's one that
we are very interested in for sure and
the great thing about us going next year
um is that the friend that we are going
with has already visited the Philippines
this year for what like three weeks
already yeah uh two weeks two weeks okay
and he loved it and he went all over the
Philippines basically so he knows
exactly where to go and he'll be our
guide you know so this is awesome and he
went to elnido Palawan and he said we
should definitely visit it and we'll
probably do it in all of the Philippines
and with that being said that's why it's
not making the top three and not even
the top five I'm putting it all the way
at number nine because right now elnido
is facing a very well-deserved tourism
boom this place is Avatar meets your
craziest dream incredible dramatic
Limestone mountains just jutting out of
emerald Blue Waters it really makes no
sense how everything that's beautiful is
in one place look like is what ELO is
all about elnido is particularly well
known for its Island tours you've got
tour a which is probably the most
popular where you get to see small
Lagoon you get to see Big Lagoon out of
my three trips to the Philippines I've
been to elnido every single time three
years in a row and I've seen that
constant increase in tourism if you're
in a large enough group my
recommendation is to actually just rent
out your own private boat the big
advantage to that is that you don't need
to follow the path that everyone else is
following and one of the great things of
having your own private group is that
you can call our friend is capable of
renting his own freaking boat right yeah
he did just for himself
yeah all the shots you don't need to
follow everyone else you can just go to
your own islands and make your own
Adventures after seeing small Lagoon we
actually asked our driver just to take
us to a private island we had lunch on
this island pretty much just us and
another boat overall that was for me the
best way to enjoy elnido but one warning
is that you might miss out on the social
atmosphere that can happen when you have
a great tour group I've also had one of
my best ever Dives here in Elo I saw
Barracuda sea turtle I believe I saw a
seahorse a bunch of other incredible
marine life this was definitely a
remarkable diving spot there's one other
thing that you cannot miss if you go
tell Neato and that is the beach called
nakapan the most beautiful beach in the
entire world number eight is the island
of bol bol is one of the most diverse
Islands you see this one hotels we
talked about B no I don't think we have
time well everything is here in B and
that is one of the reasons I love it so
much whether you want to spend your day
on the beach or go and explore the
beautiful chocolate Hill there's so much
that can be seen and done here not this
is home to one of the most unique
creatures you'll ever come across it
looks like a monkey that had a baby with
an alien it's called the tarer they're
very very nervous do not use a loud
voice be very quiet otherwise they
literally could drop dead from a heart
attack I'm not joking there are two main
parts of a hole there is Anda which is
in the North and I thought it was
beautiful I really love this blue hole
we found but I got to say the beach up
in the north when I was there a year and
a half ago was very dirty hopefully
they've taken care of that and in the
more southern tip of the island you have
Alona Beach and this is probably where I
would recommend you stay all sorts of
different hotels and accommodations
pretty good food pretty good night life
and it's a great place to start your day
trip if you're going to be doing the
tarir chocolate Hill day trip that can
all be done in one day it's one of my
favorite day trips that I've ever had
now number seven is definitely for all
you lovers out there this is the secret
hideout of palan Port Barton is in
between elnido and pora Princessa and
it's only about a 4-Hour drive away from
ELO it's definitely one of my
recommended places for you if you're the
kind of person that wants to relax that
wants to have a romantic Retreat and do
a whole lot of nothing how I best
describe po Barton is candle lit dinners
on the beach and lights out by like 900
p.m. there's a couple bars on the beach
so it's not to say everything shuts down
unfortunately my time there was very
limited and I did not get to do the
island hopping tour but I've heard it's
one of the better ones so definitely try
and check that out there's also known to
be a lot of sea turtles in this area so
do a bit of snorkeling and you may very
well encounter yourself with one of
those dudes we're probably going to have
to get some uh pills to fight the um you
know if you get sick on the on the SE
yeah
seasickness Finding Nemo all right for
number six I'm actually going to do a
two-part because these two islands are
very close by and they would definitely
make an incredible trip but let's start
it off by talking a little bit about Tas
a place that is literally so unknown
that I have to say I feel a little bit
proud that I even found it Tas is a
dormant but beautiful island it's made
for you to explore bring your friend get
a scooter and go explore this island
because it has so much to offer white
sand beaches beautiful sunsets you will
find it all here in the island of Tas
and one of my major finds on this island
here was this Resort right here named
footprints if you're going to toas they
are my number one recommendation now
just a short 1our boat ride away from
Tas is the island of romblon and on
romblon is one of the most beautiful
beaches I've ever seen this is bun bun
Beach these are the moments that live
with you for the rest of your life and
it made coming all the way off the
beaten path completely worth it with
that being said it's actually not that
hard to get here even though these two
islands are definitely off the main
tourist path they are actually super
easy to get to I flew direct Manila to T
in like an hour and 10 minutes using SIU
Pacific and SIU Pacific is the number
one airline in the country they were my
go-to Airline for my travels across the
Philippines and the awesome thing is
they even fly internationally to places
like seou Hong Kong Singapore Bangkok
and even Australia I definitely
recommend taking a bit of a wild card on
your next trip and trying out these two
islands number FYI I will be vlogging my
trip to the Philippines but it will be
basic vlogging it it won't be nowhere
near what you're seeing here with L
LeBlanc I mean that's what he does for
his for his YouTube channel so he's very
he's very experienced but I don't do
vlogs so it's going to be basic but good
enough though for my channel five is the
extremely underrated dumag Getti and
I've actually had the pleasure of going
to dumag Getti on two separate occasions
and the great thing about dumag Getti is
not necessarily dumag Getti itself but
what surrounds it it has APO Island
which literally means Sea Turtle Island
it has seihor Island which is a
remarkable Voodoo witchcraft Island that
has slowly become more popular by
tourism it's also relatively close to
one of my favorite discoveries in the
entire country known as Manu have you
seen uh the second avatar movie it
basically looks like it like seriously
cuz uh that second movie was all about
water and the Sea everything called the
water movie or something yeah it looks
like this Sandbar or as I tried to coin
it the Maldives of the Philippines and
there's one particularly great great day
trip in dumag Getti and that is cerotto
Falls now I just Nam dropped a ton of
places and that's probably a little
overwhelming but the great thing is I've
actually created an entire travel video
guide for the Philippines so if you're
curious about that I have a free preview
to the guide down below it covers
everything you could possibly need to
know everything from safety
Transportation hotels the best musty
hidden gems and it'll definitely get you
a great head start for your upcoming
trip I put my heart and soul and
everything that I learned over my past
three trips to the fileld
into this one guide so that you can make
the most of it so definitely go check
that out number four is bonon Island one
of the islands I love most in the entire
world like borai before
borai is not exactly the easiest island
in the world to get to but the slight
challenges that come with getting there
are 100% worth it that seems to be a
trend here the more you put into getting
there the more you're going to enjoy it
and typically it also means the less
people that will be there and if you're
like myself it's great to have a
beautiful white sand beach to just
yourself and a handful of other people
for me that's what travel is about it's
about experiencing the things that few
others have seen and bonon is certainly
one of those places you'll definitely
want to rent a motorbike because the
island could probably take you as much
as like 5 to 6 hours just to go around
it is definitely a full day trip just to
scratch the surface of this island the
people of the Philippines are extremely
kind and it doesn't matter what road you
follow down typically they always greet
you with a massive smile and don't be
afraid to pull over and actually have a
conversation with them I remember in
bonon stopping at a random little Mark
and just sitting down and having a beer
with a few guys even though there was a
bit of a language barrier they really
appreciated me making the effort to talk
to them and for me it was one of the
highlights of my entire day so
definitely try and make friends with the
locals a couple of the notable locations
on the island are this abandoned
building here right on the water and in
typical Philippines nature we have got
some incredible blue water with the
saturation on full Boost it's definitely
a very relaxing Island so enjoy a
worldclass sunset in one of my favorite
islands in the entire world all right we
are now heading up to the podium the
bronze medal number three is going to
body on nothing but beautiful blue water
that's formed its way through the rock
you can do some incredible Cliff jumps
into the canyon the water has even
eroded away at some of the Rock and it's
made for some crazy water slides that go
right into the refreshing Waters now you
would think this would be the end of the
experience but there is actually a
cherry on top and that is at the very
end of the canyon you arrive at what is
the greatest waterfall that I think I've
ever seen this right here is kawasan
Falls also known as the Gatorade Factory
weather dependent when you visit the
bluest of waters will be flowing into
this little area at the very end and
this is the result it's definitely
becoming a bit more of a mainstream
destination so try to coordinate and
figure out the low times to visit but
even if you have to share it with other
people this is still an unforgettable
experience now most people would
celebrate if they got a silver medal
they made the podium but Karan please
don't cry you're still extremely
beautiful number two is going to the
dream island of Kuran look at these
drone Clips look at these lagoons look
at this water it is very similar to what
you saw in Elo but the remarkable thing
about Kuran is that it's not as busy as
ELO and I'm asking him because we still
don't know for sure where we're going we
know that we're going to sha you know
that's where we're cuz we're not even
staying in Manila at the beginning but
yeah so everything that was great about
ELO is here but with less tourism only
two of the 11 lakes on the island are
accessible to the public not even the
locals can swim in those other nine
sacred Lakes there's a lot of history
here and there's even said to be a giant
octopus that swims in these Waters so
always be looking behind you when you're
in the lagoons there are three main
things that you must do in Kuran and the
first two can be done in one day trip
there's actually a shipwreck and path
Island Day Tour where you start off the
day by free diving into a sunken
Japanese warship if you can hold your
breath long enough and secondly you end
off your day here at pass Island one of
the most beautiful islands that I think
I've ever seen nothing but beautiful
white sand beaches surrounded by Cillian
Blue Waters and a whole lot of nothing
to do they even had an island wiener dog
that was definitely the cherry on top to
pass Island and the third thing that
everyone will end up doing if they go to
Kuran is of course the Lagoon tour the
lagoons here are out of this world
there's many Island tours that are
offered but the one that I took took me
to these beautiful lagoons it took me to
the incredible KAG Lake and even showed
us a secret Lake where we had to swim
under one of the rock structures to
access if the weather is right you will
never be able to find something more
beautiful than this period now guys let
us find out who has pushed Karan off of
the number one spot in last year's top
10 drum roll
please number one goes to the
unbelievable island of shal shal also
known as Cloud9 is Sur Paradise right
off of the the ocean you're getting
incredible waves crashing in on the
shore this is actually where I had my
first ever real successful surfing day
and for me it was a very rewarding
experience Myles were a little so
apparently that's where people go to
Surf even our friend was like yo man you
have to go surf in Shia Sho but we're
not surfers we don't know how to surf so
we can try but yeah chaf but we're not
going to get into that and luckily the
surfing is just scratching the surface
there is so much that you can do here in
Chara there's some great hosts some
amazing hotels and they even have
six-star Resorts like dead on Island
Resort this is a truly worldclass luxury
experience there's the emerald green
sugba Lagoon the incredible Rock pools
of maguno probably didn't say that right
but we're going to move on and the
awesome thing is sharo is just one
Island that's surrounded by other
beautiful islands there's naked island
which by the way it's it's probably
frowned upon to be naked there there's
Guam Island and several others that will
all be fitted into your island hopping
tour so that's for you to explore and
find out and it's actually becoming a
lot easier to get here you can actually
fly direct now from Manila using SIU
Pacific and you get there in like an
hour and 45 good night life chilled
Vibes all in one place this is Charo and
that is the reason it is my number one
musty place in the Philippines that is
the top 10 to the Philippines I hope it
helped you with your upcoming trip and
if you are coming then you'll definitely
want to check out my free preview to my
five hot tips to the Philippines it'll
be a great head start for you on your
trip look no further check the link in
the bio and if you're new to my channel
here I would invite you to become part
of team get lost by hitting that
subscribe button so Guys Without further
Ado Let's Get Lost again in the next all
right so did you notice that boraka was
not even on his list and we're not going
to borai so we're probably going to do
or we are doing Shara because we bought
our tickets to Shara and it seems like
we might stay even longer in Che we'll
see oh yeah it looks uh like paradise
like literally so this is so freaking
exciting you have no idea it's going to
be a crazy adventure it's our first time
to go to Asia oh no you went to
India he did go to India for what like a
month three weeks three weeks that was a
crazy experience as well yeah so it will
be my first time uh in Asia going our
first time almost traveling to together
with our parents almost without having
to go to Algeria where when did we we
never did it that's what I'm saying it's
the first time yeah it's going to be
insane man I cannot wait but yeah I mean
but you know time flies it's going to
it's going to be there 6 months yeah in
6 months we're going to be in the
Philippines so yeah I'm going to try to
enjoy it even though I will be busy
vlogging a bunch of this stuff and then
when I come back I'm going to have to
edit all the videos for you guys it's
it's going to be crazy and finally you
know uh Filipinos will stop saying oh my
gosh you've been reacting to Filipino
content for so long but yet you never
visited the Philippines well there you
go it's going to happen and like I said
we're going to go to the islands do the
island stuff then he's going to leave
with the with our friend and I will
remain in Manila for I think what 10 TW
10 10 two weeks maybe
uh alone where I'll be able to you know
visit Manila uh maybe meet some of you
in a meet and greet and uh maybe go uh
to the wish bus uh you know meet some
artists maybe go to concert I'm hoping I
can do uh a few of these things and of
course uh we would really appreciate it
if you you could give us some tips and
tricks you know about the Philippines so
yeah uh thank you so much for watching
thank you for uh coming again even if
you only said like two words as usual
sweet but I yeah but I did want him to
be in this video because he is going to
the Philippines with me and uh most
people think that we look alike let us
know in the comment section below if you
think so like a lot of you when you see
the pictures our pictures on Instagram
you're like are you guys
twins there is a resemblance but I don't
think we're
[Music]
twins yeah oh you know what let us know
in the comment section below who's the
most the more handsome yeah
boy okay maraming Sal and of course if
you've enjoyed this reaction video you
know what to do check out my other
reaction videos right here that will
show up right on his face on that big
note right
there see
you
