[Music]
okay so about to hit over to Jollibee we
originally had jollibee the first time I
kind of want to give it another crack
because when we first tried jolly beat
and I wasn't in the greatest sort of
state taste buds were all over the place
and they know that I'm a bit more
straight it might taste better now then
previously to say I'm gonna hit
everything else and then we're gonna
figure out what we're gonna do Christmas
Day because oh it's just been kind of
winging this trip if you guys haven't
noticed we haven't got anything plans no
sick days and nothing except for the
Motor City concert and while sitting in
this weekend meeting great etc in acid
he feels like burger and chips okay so
basically go to the same as last time
except I got a cheesy yum burger as well
to original chicken instead of the
spiciness a little too spicy last night
although I'm still waiting on some of my
burgers takes the number 34 oh cool
there's a young burger as well oh that
gum I have to go back and I'm gonna try
to overheat while I'm here no nothing
give me what it was no and then when I
go back to Paris I'll probably regret
not eating enough I mean basically it's
the same
yeah you got the difficulty
it's a little bit another time to
straight up over muscle food but those
like a mayonnaise burger I'm not gonna
lie bruh I kind of want to go back up
and get whoa yeah that's what makes me
young
Oh what about the gravy guys really like
your eyes nature no I kind of hope it
just stays together cuz then I'll just
use it as a perk alright there's a moldy
stuff that's a way easier or you bite it
since more fishing let's miss this
stress and each one's took it again
yeah it's probably good
well I kind of like this better than KFC
okay so I just found out that Julianne
San Jose is very close or will then
driving distance we were not going to
get completely stuck in traffic we're
gonna try and catch you right now I want
to meet you the end my tips my ships
I don't like our chances but why not why
not and in fact we've got to go
somewhere closer to where we're going
anyway so miles we'll try okay so at the
place where we're supposed to be then
we've got to find the actual shop
there's in all we know it's on the fifth
floor yeah good luck to us oh god this
place is big we are here my dip should
be here let's go and if we did mister
then we're just gonna stay in the ground
till some time we're gonna be back at
the same time I think we might have just
caught it I'm getting butterflies right
now don't know why wait actually all
right now
they say
but most Antonio labor games okay so
this is the place where she worlds and a
pokemons what we might have caught it
but apparently one of the guys stations
upstairs I don't know if that means
she's gone or just coming back down or
god knows what but not stirred upstairs
right now
I'm not gonna lie I'm kind of
disappointed braid out it falls more
onto it and I knew about this like the
exact spot I didn't realize it was gonna
be that close to us I'm tempted to go to
one of these radio stations now she's
gonna be doing that all night anyway
I'll keep you guys updated
[Music]
[Music]
this would be my first YouTube ever
related thing that I've seen like in
person does that make me a real youtuber
now my cousin I feel like I should be on
here maybe one day I move here guys we
got to get one of these from Mercer
so I'm actually shopping former city one
that guitar guy rumbles in this approach
well I'm liking there's something else I
say something else let's still try to
find Juliana although I don't think
she's hit I think she's already gone so
we might try and catch her at one of the
radio stations so much she will be
appearing at 1:00 in the afternoon
so maybe I'll try again later otherwise
we're on our way back downstairs looking
around
[Music]
oh this again we're gonna have a game
right now I'm gonna be Darrell and we're
gonna kill some zombies right now
walkers sorry I ain't asking up some
tokens
we've been harder than Superman
okay
I guess that's nice
[Applause]
I keep forgetting the reason I hate all
you have to meet somebody to come up Oh
you guys can see this right now
my hospital bus right there
[Music]
I'm waiting for a grab
we're heading to Kay's on Memorial
Circle which probably stay there for
like half an hour so we have to get back
and I kind of want to beat all this
traffic and then we may do something
later on see what Mara wants to do or
she wants to come chill you may go out
for dinner may try out like hit seeing
Julie and again Manish got a bit several
radio stations but I don't know if
that's pushing our luck or making things
somewhat weird roughing up to a radio
station we would have to wait right
outside the doors now if I want to do
that don't know from there just put the
meter then even though I probably will
do that in fact we probably will do that
later on tonight but I'm gonna go look
for this grab because I have no idea
what NASA's
taking off some way
it's pretty big two pretty flesh pretty
expensive too you know when you start
seeing shops such as Rolex oh no no no
no no that's a bit outside of my budget
we're swimming within a jeepney yet but
we plan on doing there before we leave
maybe hopefully set up grab it we're
currently yet cages on Memorial Circle
and our driver didn't really know where
we were going
basically just stopped in the middle of
bloody street five six lanes you can do
that over here hey he's like sir is it
right I'm like mate I don't know I don't
know we were going mate
[Music]
it's nice and peaceful out here getting
away from all that traffic traffic is
killing me
you see when you want to go really far
you have to go there before a certain
time otherwise it's gonna take you years
get back to where you need to be so yeah
I'm not really sure what's all over here
there's a lot of kids around though
this is why we don't plan anything it's
better to just go with the flow although
if we did have a plant we would have
seen Julie and San Jose stall hope you
in the kitchen so now I think I've said
in every club so far so if I said enough
maybe he'll come true hashtag law of
attraction so Julie Ann responded to me
in the Instagram games
whoa responded to my story and basically
missed the event I'm still gonna try my
luck maybe she'll reply back and TAS to
meet her somewhere or somewhere where we
can actually get to see it we're heading
back now to catch another grab come can
I just have a wander around a maybe see
if there's any street food on tonight
because I still have to do pollutes no I
haven't forgot it and I know you guys
are expecting me to do it so I might
even have to might even have to well we
obviously need to go check that out real
quick because we all know I'm a baller
is always go back to the condo got a few
things from across the road I saw this
Mike May delicious wait once the it's
barri name of it kind of intriguing me
guessing this an American thing Austria
for the Queen I think so far bad
basically a bun was a bunch of fun
besides the chocolate chocolate build
back that quality content for you guys
and a scuffing up some hot dogs or belts
and buns
funny but the focus doesn't seem like
too much fun to me
it's basically Nutella inside a knockoff
version I bought a few of these because
I've been getting up really early and by
the time we leave our sucking tide again
and I'm always needing something to pick
me up this has been good for the
hangovers too so I'm just keeping them
just in case
okay now creepy the game thanks I'm
Chris yeah I remember last time I had
chirps anyway just something before look
at delicious they do to me they look
nice and fresh a like a nice makeup
girls do it almost looks like but near
the greatest sweet eh I can imagine Mel
just staring at us Toby what are you
eating
come come to the restaurant sorry girl
it doesn't take a lot to please us apply
Oh make me happy oh there's a bridge
it's a lucky break two fried eggs on
that wonderful braid South speaking of
Tim dead trying to meet you the end this
is the last place of what she is painful
today in terms of getting a music out
the old American music so we're gonna
try and catch you there
I did send her a demon back but she's
probably busy too busy to read it
neither language spawns surprised to get
the first with sparks but I'm gonna try
chances because of what I try I'm gonna
regret it and there's a pretty good
chance we're gonna see it
[Music]
so read the place where we think she is
thinking at the right place this is all
our mural by the way we're taking your
advice
oh you're by Richards I'm really hoping
we got the right place otherwise I'm
gonna be very miserable for the rest of
my okay okay say we managed to find to
the end don't even ask me I really
managed to get up here I just pulled out
the DM card because we needed to contact
and I thought what bit of contact in
Julie and herself that is our contact
and she's being interviewed right now
and that's just walked past and just
probably like who the hell is this guy
Hey
he's embarrassed I don't really want it
to step that interview so we're just
gonna wait out here we'll wait until
she's not kind of nervous why maybe
because she's extremely easy on the eye
this guy just walked stage if I go like
that okay like that didn't butterflies
right the first my ships
hey cuz you are made the group I know we
look silly right now to grow an army
bloody nervous I think I'm gonna be
those hot dogs all the thing is I don't
want to just walk in there and buy
Iran's like who's your contact who
chiffon cake I'll be like my dad my dad
was my contact I'm just gonna sit down
I'm plex meeting already
ok so we were told to actually wait out
here well now swell 60 different the
hand gesture which is fine because I
wasn't walking in here anyway the fact
that we got this far in this building I
felt like the biggest do she'll say well
I was actually supposed to see her today
but unfortunately I missed the event and
she even said I miss the adventure and I
said I would
later on today
if that was okay which is why we're here
right obviously I don't know what these
balloons before but at least this vlog
is gonna turn out a lot better than I
thought it was going to I thought it was
gonna be like a double fail and plus
they're doing an interview I don't
necessarily want to walk in me all eyes
on me and Julian look near me like my
father's a shape what the hell is he
doing here that would be awkward Aires
he'll be like Oh Holmes I'd suppose say
hi can I take a photo please you want to
be in the vlog
I think we've come to the end
conditionally right now well I want to
say hello no nice to meet you no nice to
meet you
yeah oh sorry it's my pretty nice
just do the end yeah I'm so surprised
that we've made it up here right tweet
it out yeah so you are you retweeted you
retweet it
hi Shane okay long day yeah how did you
go on your way to make your Playa days I
was going to take a few men headed talk
to you okay it's Kazon city right hates
it I was passing hey there's no what I
do absolutely love your music
have you really I hopefully know all of
them really I feel I have to see you
miss me therefore right I'm looking for
the CNN oh yeah when I would make more
sales like this I was worse it was nice
to meet you pretty stone thing I'm
pretty stoked that we've got to see till
the end of school she's mad cool too
that's easy yeah she was easy to talk to
it's just me making it awkward because I
don't know what to say and I just feel
so that you cooked going out of my way
to try and find this building up which
was a mission in itself so we found it
which in my mind means it was meant to
be I'm not sure what we're doing that
either we're gonna go out and get some
food although I could wait till the
morning
cuz I'm not exactly starving Jimmy I'm
pretty stoked to have met juliennes and
poker good at you though I can't get
over there who this one of the things
I'm gonna miss when we fly out on
Tuesday it's currently Friday which
truly very sad although I think I've
mentioned this in the previous love one
thing I'm not gonna mess and I can
guaran-damn-tee this is the traffic
traffic is an absolute killer and the
Spanish probably playing on the mic but
either we're gonna go find some street
food I'm gonna sleep we'd have to mean
to the end there was a highlight of my
day by the way if it wasn't for that
diem that she see me I don't think I
would have gotten it because it was like
the only thing I could offer the
security of me being up to be any
without absolutely lying my ass off but
the way that I did it was I went on my
dance and say hey I was supposed to meet
up with Julian such-and-such I couldn't
make it I mean obviously she replied and
they read her file and I could on the
profile to make sure that was actually
during the end and it came up with her
when million a follow was a cap verified
and I did it twice I was like you gets a
like back then click back in and that
was to seal right there inez munoz were
an elevator
thinking about those no how did we just
get in it and shout out to Merrill
because she actually gave us the correct
address if we had gone with a my
addressed because major in Manila ages
way but if this is the end of the vlog
thank you for watching
that's probably a few weeks later after
actually recording in this moment it's
not I need you something
[Music]
it's a sign I missed I can't believe I
didn't see this
[Music]
