[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you know you wanna feel it you go you
wanna see it
electricity gonna flow we passion as a
cylinder dream man
[Music]
hi sky
please open it you know you're one of
you men you go you wanna see you
let your body move
[Music]
what's up guys welcome to a stunning day
in the in Camarena's not jump to the car
today to explore a little bit around the
area just enjoy its gorgeous morning few
locals have come by this is Prince say
hello who are you guys
Lau what's your name 8 AJ nice to meet
you guys you're enjoying the weekend
yeah but the beaches here are really so
stunning guys it's just like it keeps
going on and on and on and there's a
cute little car over here so today has
actually been a pretty chill morning I
slept in quite long and I must say my
muscles are quite so from the wake
boarding I did yesterday or should I say
the face-planting that I did yesterday
but I guess it was still a pretty good
work hard now today I'm just gonna chill
out have my coffee we're gonna take it
easy today I think later on we might
take the boat out which would really
cool but the weather is an absolute
dream today
a few little clouds in the sky but
nothing that will look like rain so I'm
really happy about that I'm gonna finish
my coffee and head back to hook pan get
Nelly up and then have breakfast so you
guys know about the boxing game today
you like to watch boxing no big match
today right big match is that is the
best day to drive because no traffic
everybody is watching the game I love
this place just randomly a little horsey
running around
good morning very well how are you well
I slept so good that's a very formal
good morning between us I thought I'd
let you rest and bench art by myself
yeah I know I think I deserved to well
yeah are we I think so was my plan show
that so Michael has to drive for ten
hours have you spoken to join yet yeah I
think it would be cool to take the boat
out I'd be amazing
yeah I was all promise to the kids that
I was wrong with them ah there you go
so yesterday before we left
Anagha we actually set up the upload of
the YouTube video but unfortunately I
forgot to plug in my laptop so the
upload went to like 50 percents and then
my batch was empty and when we got back
was on it it was really like 9:30 8:30
was the Aether's when we got back and
our blood took another like hour and of
course instead of pressuring ourselves
to post the video yesterday I would move
forth oh it's gonna publish the video
today and that means we've got like a
little bit extra breathing room and we
get to take a day break I hope you guys
don't mind oh look at these scrumptious
scrumptious mangos Wow guys it's such a
beautiful day Jonah's drunk just gone
out to check if he's able to bring the
boat out of the lagoon if so it's gonna
be amazing on the water it's hold thumbs
you look back there it looks very very
low tide I'm not sure if this is gonna
work out
[Music]
so Nidhi and I are gonna just hit the
beach for a little bit and enjoy this
beautiful weather I think I just heard
thunder very far back there so we're
gonna get the most out of the sweat that
we can pilots flew yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he kept it by the mouth you used to feed
she chops down on your limbs with golden
tea sets fries the homes she used to
know and set sail on down an eastern
coast but I just came out
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I guess
are you using right
yeah this is really stunning doesn't get
much better than us literally just
Center what's up to my brother my
parents did you guys gotta come over
here because it's like if we wouldn't do
stops and we drive at the right time
probably get you in six hours and that's
not a lot that's a quick ride plus
there's an April tanaga so you could
literally fly to mag and drive two hours
here easy us the routine was really nice
private yes was
and thing is at Knossos right now
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
sky
you go you wanna feel it you can you
wanna see you let you study down the
flow alright so the time has come we
left off in a family that we had an
amazing time once again I think it's
safe to say that queer Jonah's an
amazing host we really loved spending
some time with him and his family
especially with the kids
and this time it was more casual or just
you know just a nice little visit
how did you like it just spend some time
at the beach I got embarrassed myself
and a wakeboard so we'll definitely come
back more often and your mission now
that we know that the ride early takes
six hours another oh yeah yeah
Mike figured out a special hack because
Jim told us yeah just taught me what you
put into the ways up that it shows me
the actual fastest route just weird that
it's like two hours longer and more
distance wise the other white ways that
show you the best route so I think I'm
going to edit a few pictures from this
trip which we'll see on Instagram and
the videos will be edited in natural
time mirror in Manila
yeah I'll check in with you guys a
little bit later let your body move
[Music]
and know that we can't break
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
