okay no more cheese man's nothing not
over here more the dog all right so
what's up Big Easy tribe welcome back to
the channel
we just got introduced really fast
we got Joseph N and then so that's
Joseph in this one's Braden he's gonna
be messing with the camera - Mike wasn't
down why and then I got my lovely eldest
daughter right here princess he comes
hey lovely America me coin Oh are they
doing great and I told you knock it off
boy
so we don't even have all of our kids
right now and we're still closed this
one money and this is this is life
lots of kids two of them aren't even
here come here little brother and this
is Joe de lins brother right here and we
got our lovely doggie Bell it was always
burning so like exactly who we are love
what see Brian this is what's your name
hi I'm Joey
my wife total in yeah baby just van
tarsier well you do ignore the cameras I
lint out of 7100 and how many islands
there are in the Philippines
we're on the whole island and we are
back the kids are watching a movie now
yeah so let's just jump into it we want
to tell you guys more about us so honey
where shall we start
and yeah let's begin the deep okay so I
was born
my name is Joe Doolin Jodl in not Jonas
get it right so so it's Joe Lynn right
that's my wife it's my head like getting
cut off
yeah Joe Lynn and then I'm crying in and
together we are
bride land I was Brian
I'll go swing to 7 in bigger city so
don't like oh why someone like this time
to kind of get huh so yeah I was born
ad ad D pop flying bug is born indeed us
yeah [ __ ] city down a little sword
I forgot that what street
Duterte street
and then you know that was growing up in
the novel but now takes away some of the
define average and talk about the word I
was going my limitary school was but
neither is the a learning system so I'll
sit on my long johns and it's full
saying comment down below and let me
know if you guys seen that please yeah
so she's from Bernardo I mean I mean she
went to school Manabu yeah
I'm distracted this bye guys bye guys
and what else
so to all the people who's from
pineapple now Ursus family there is my
uncle yeah you know the artists very
they are that's my my grandpa's owner of
that kind of restaurant mismatched my
grandpa's history so if you guys know my
melon sauce that's my uncle meaningful I
thought it myself a novel and show
happen there are my first cousin of my
father father
so yeah but then when I was in sixth
grade my grandparents none is that I
decided to vote here in both since
they're from here this is where they
grow up this is where they were for you
Jolie never moved below this is my my
fun it is so banal what we representing
y'all throw your city here turn that up
moody goes turn up
a [ __ ] Brian my name's Brian
Daniel her and I was born in January 27
hailing from the city of Olympia
Washington
the three six oh three sixty I went to
Olympia high school I went to well let's
start the beginning I went to Tom water
elementary and before that some crazy
little kindergarten place and then so
that we my family I was kind of like
raised in Tumwater until a certain point
I think around when I was like 10 years
12 10 or 12 years old we moved to Lacey
Olympia and I changed my school I went
to Centennial Elementary there and lacy
and C and T and double that and I al we
have the school song the school theme
there and then I went to Washington
State middle school all the way up to
eighth grade and then I hit the OHS only
be high school go bears
and then so yeah when I was like 18 19 I
didn't know what to do you know hang
with boys you don't just chill this road
yeah I joined the Marines when I was
like on my 21st birthday I was I was in
boot camp I'm a 21st birthday and long
story short I got sick in boot camp and
I rejoined the year later I had a multi
lobular pneumonia a bacterial infection
of my lungs and I've never had anything
like that until I went to this place
where there's just thousands of people
going in and out of it every month so
there's like lots of bacteria and just
like you know
and the doctor said I almost died when
when I was in the Naval Hospital Balboa
you guys know they're in California
Balboa hospital they're on camp how do
you say dick Camp Pendleton I was in the
hospital for like at least two weeks now
I think of it two weeks a long time two
weeks maybe not [ __ ] so anyway I got
better after a year and they let me
write you know I had the choice either
to be recycled into another platoon or
to just they say you know what I'll come
back in a year and I just chose that
because I want to see my parents because
they told me I'm was died so and ever
since then I've always had this theme of
my lungs and then not to mention later
on down the road being deployed in Iraq
but so anyway a reed job rejoined there
and then I got out of the Marines in
2011 but before I got out I met this
young girl right here back in 2009 not
gonna talk all about that we're gonna
save that for later but yeah then I got
out I was 11
and we had I met I met Erica and my
daughter Kathleen the very first time to
tells a lot so I was here I think I got
here in time for Kathleen's first
birthday and I met Erica when she was
seven let's throw some pictures up for
that yeah that's a little bit about me
[Music]
in person like six five six
well when we were when we were dating
she was five and then when I finally
came over here I got out of the Marines
out of the contract
she erica was six years old and I met
her there in Manila with her family all
her brothers and sisters it was awesome
yeah shout out to Mia
CJ Queenie in I am and what am I
forgetting
Nadine that's a Nadine Nadine sociality
odd oh my gosh man
I'm a Oh can't forget you I'm nuts so
that's a little bit about me and my
experience coming here now mommy would
you tell us how Erica came to life
what night what night was this what
night did she come alive tell us more
about Erica mommy erica was born in
penny but instead of in Kahala is for
the tally bone yeah and I was little I
was just I wasn't in danger
when I had Erica almost malice 17 I'm
young dumb young thing carbon copy yes
she is option
I love Erica the death that's not like
me I'm so happy you guys got together
his areas beautiful yeah and we wouldn't
have had like an eldest daughter if it
wasn't for that like we're all friends I
still you know we're neighborhood being
stopping distance yeah they're right
down the street from us yes Mary yes yes
his name in life and me and the play
like book looking it ourselves
right his family and my families are
close since my my
yeah so you know you never lost ties
with those people there's still family
maybe before I even exist
who's feminine is my father they were
already and then when I came here to
like I'm close like I'm cool I'm totally
cool with Erica's papa this Erica calls
me daddy and he's Papa and so we played
on the basketball team together a couple
of times and we have like we're just
like this bro we're just cool with each
other and we we both respect each other
as and I mean like and we and we talked
back and forth like we you know we work
together with Erica like you know as
both both his father's you know she's
growing and helping her with her journey
her teenager who knows her teens right
now someday maybe you guys will see like
he's [ __ ] yeah and then you guys saw
him in the basketball video if you ever
saw the basketball video was a crazy
basketball game so yeah that's me now
let's move on the Kathleen suggests he
was born May 13 2010
she's seven years old right now and her
birthday's coming up yep definitely
there's pretty much her baby
she's a preemie she said yes she is
really God's gift itself she does an
amazing story
yeah that story I almost lost we almost
lost that me
I heard her she was very seven months
inside my tummy I'm a hot breakfast I
went here I came here the Philippines
date of birth and of course I had all
the check up and stopped and said oh
you're fine to travel we're gonna talk
more about like how close you know in
Kathleen's story more into depth later
because I think that deserves an entire
video right but anyway it was a close
call and she was a c-section she came
right out of here out of mommy's belly
and we'll just say like you guys enjoy
the story later but she's God's gift
really
God's gift and so yeah but we're just
saying that because it was close so so
we're gonna tell you more later Kathleen
was one years old no she was almost 1
when I met her the first time right
honey
I was there for her first birthday
all right that's a really good journey
that's me
journey yeah and it's her first box of
life something about that yes really
il Bob
so yeah that's a mess born in Turkey
balerion who's next
be learning oh yeah tech Blair yes
Romero Hospital yeah the nurses there
[Music]
before 8 she wakes up all like on her
own for school I'm dead serious I don't
even have to use an alarm she wakes me
up she does all her own she's amazing
she curates up I think yeah that's my
breaks that I Eric that wakes up like
that do back for back when stage
give me that wait wait so like doing
she was yeah no she wakes up on her own
every day I'm not exactly Erica erica
does the same thing both Erica and
Kathleen like I've never I never was
like that ever
my mom had the waking me up for outside
was late every day it's like sometimes
6:00 about 5 p.m.
Kathleen Erica wake up super girl yeah
just go take a bus to go get ready comb
their hair get dressed and then what
they're like day can you drive my school
on my huh
and that's when I start my day and
they're like already done like they've
been up for like an hour to half so yeah
let's move on to who's next in line we
got tonight go that's Brian
actually if you guys didn't know his
first name is Brian Brian Michael Chloe
no I heard he was born in 16 mm I can't
stand it anymore
it's nursery rhymes just sons watching
baby stuff
baby song sorry Joseph Ben was gonna cry
it was not baby song the tiger should
the monster tiger thing you want you
want that one look he's not to fall
asleep sleep right here for you so he
was born to us as well that makes him
how old are ya are you high no you're
five no no he's really tall four five
though he just turned five wait mr. nice
oh my gosh you're turning six already do
your training seeds in a little bit it's
time flies guys seriously so Michael was
born in tali-bum
your face
I was drunk the morning of his birth I
had a drinking past and I've said in
other videos that jugglin has been our
godsend and she's totally like repaired
me and fixed me helped me on lots of my
flaws I'm still working on getting
better at being a dad that morning I was
super drunk and she was already pissed
off at me and then her water broke and
she we had to find a tricycle for
she was in a tricycle that was a crazy
morning yeah not even deserves an entire
video yeah we were lugging that time
away my god my right we make that
hospitality Michael is already like
coming and he's made she was being
thrown around in a jeepney coming yeah I
mean you know he was on his way to come
up in this world so they had to ride me
like you know they put me in a
wheelchair
called the pusher lined up pushing me
and the doctor was running after me like
dr. Lee ride this you know she had to
check me and stuff I was a crazy crazy
story right Michael
yeah that was crazy the day you were
born
you remember that you came out on you
like it's a boy I was so drunk
yeah daddy was jumping in this I was
happy you're my first boy I was yelling
in the hospital I was yelling about yeah
yeah yes I was yelling you guys don't
know about huh nine nine knife we say
tonight is Joe Dylan's grandma but like
she raised her grandma she was raised by
her grandmother so in his hands
grandparents so she says mama and Dada
Dada or not nine tough guy to them even
though really
their grandparents that things that day
and no name is my father's parents yeah
my parents were separated when I was
nine years yeah don't know Jolin and her
sister yeah so yeah I grew up with my
father I grew up with my father
ba ba ba poets like in and out going to
Manila working and stuff so instructions
yeah I was I grew up with my
grandparents so yeah now let's move on
to who's next in line
Josephine okay does that matter is that
better Joseph in what I'm sorry okay
Joseph it would like to jump in here for
a second
so yeah more about Joseph and the
Josephine was born in in consolation she
was seven point two pounds right the bed
I gave birth to my daughter I give birth
to her in
selection Cebu yeah and she was inside
inside yes she was she was the jollibee
baby oh yeah there's the jollibee baby
I was I was just defending yeah yeah
yeah the water broke she was in labor in
Jollibee we were ordering a chocolate
sundae
I was also ready anymore but we went and
okay food even an ogre food and jelly
beans yeah I was Charlie being I could
feel the pain and then mother's campaign
you know I was like wait for five
minutes mr. Waring yeah what was that
mango pie waiting and waiting like you
know Alison until May she was waiting
until mommy had to cross her legs she
was cramping and like so I was like guy
in skinny on Harvey after sudden I'm I'm
a neighbor
[Music]
yeah so we just have the bounce out of
there we ran over there and you know we
already knew where exactly we were gonna
have you know so we just ran to the spot
and we let her know that it's happening
right now and so it was shout out to the
doctor there
it was 2 a.m. 2 a.m. when she came out
yes
oh my gosh shall we wear Angelika around
the wine so we were on our way to the
lining and plays and we saw our dad
charlie
ok before we go let's go by flight so
that's just offense experience there she
was a beautiful baby a video prank
coming out we're gonna show you guys
that video oh my gosh we did in a
different video
we still have that yes it's in some song
and I want to say that video tip before
I get to know a store something like
that we have it yeah I have that
sometime we just need to change so yeah
and Braden I had breaking off with Ray
it was born in August I know not almost
February 7 2007 be Reagan that's the
biggest baby 10.11 she pushed him dudes
and it did that oh my gosh I was amazing
hey please tell
I dunno I asked you to go get the
cellphone and your and you said very big
don't wanna go cause I don't want to
miss my sign said and I didn't know I
gave birth they're lying in just you
know you can you can go inside and help
me like he helped me push her I was like
her pillow she was right here I mean
like he helped me with Joseph and he was
a big big help like you and then help me
I just touched her I was like go mommy
go it's all you honey yet I know about
what I'm trying to say is you know you
were there you were there
even you were there you saw Raiden and
Joseph and came oh you know and that's
definitely I wanted to that's the reason
one of the reason why I want to give
birth they're lying there in hospital
husband are not allowed sometimes a lot
I don't know the very expensive maybe
they're very very expensive hospital
probably they're allowed to go inside
then in like you know this normal
evenness private Romeo his period are
not allowed to go really
that's cool then we got to I don't want
this yeah like we were in a really cheap
place and that was fine it was actually
a wonderful experience
yeah she's really good she was super
experienced almost every day notable
ones he and there was another girl right
after you like a couple of hours after
you she had her baby so that was an
amazing experience that's fired before
we're gonna we're gonna make a different
video about fastening like yeah and she
was born all that stuff but I'm gonna
give you a clue so here you go just a
fan exactly necessary yet right here
there is Kathleen's yes that's where she
came out that's right she came out but
we're gonna make a different video of
Paula's we're gonna make another video
about that yeah but all we can say for
now is deftly and she's been through a
lot in her early stage yeah that's what
we say and then also there's another
video so I give birth to Kathleen also
Erica is normally cesarean michael smarm
on disappearance normal and readiness on
my I push a 10-pound baby I push them
after cesarean so I'm leaving
what people that I live testimony
witness with us it's okay to push a baby
after as
certain section okay
so she had a 10-pound baby after
cesarean that's incredible
also so we're not going to tell you the
full story of Kathleen we're going to
save it for another video and also we
want to save the story of me my wife how
we met and all that like our love story
like the brian story right and you know
like Duane Wally has walked I don't want
uh I might good I and so we're Brian
that's our little love team we're gonna
tell you guys that later okay I ran tell
you guys Italy right honey but stopped
up about time we drink some water so
anyway guys sorry moment yeah that was
that's our introduction for now in case
you guys didn't know anything about us
that's a really quick video about all of
our kids and our stories so far so
hopefully guys liked it if you guys are
new here please subscribe we make all
kinds of video
don't forget to subscribe and if you
haven't checked Erika's china go check
out kathleen and Erica's channel links
are in the description and as we say on
every single video hopefully we'll see
you guys on the next one thanks my
thanks for support thanks for support
please wear the support thanks for the
support guys
[Music]
well the clothes
[Music]
