what's up happy so my god I just really
fell back happy Saturday
happy Saturday wait no it's it's Sunday
Oh God oh my god you know when the
weekend just happens and you forget what
day it actually is that's been my day
I've just been doing laundry and
cleaning actually have to shoot a bunch
of videos and I've just been trying to
get people to help me all day shoot
these videos because it's the weekend
and Dennis wasn't supposed to be working
so yeah I have to shoot some 360 cameras
I got this awesome new 360 camera but
anyway today we are going to react to
something that you guys have been
telling me I should react to for a very
long time
oh I forgot to play music your way how's
this sound guys this is sound cool let's
crack pattern thrown off whoo I'm not
sure I really like this music shout out
to all the people that are in the room
right now we got a South Pole super team
and Kevin Thomas in here but um this is
a video that a lot of you guys have been
saying you want me to react to so
oh my ministry I gotta go this one oh
jeez I almost spilled coffee everywhere
that would have been bad all right here
we go if this is a Darren s Ponto right
now turn s Ponto he's gonna sing uh
thank you again but honor anniversary
you're on which one which one oh seven
five
[Music]
Wow he sounds exactly like steer that's
crazy
Darren s spot Oh sounds like SIA exactly
oh he's so good
1 2 3 1 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 3 thank you
guys I saw her life yet the last year at
YouTube ran past she was so good she's
really good
[Music]
this is like very inspirational it makes
me feel like I can do anything this song
I can just like do whatever I want
oh okay
okay sorry guys that is horrible
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
he can really say he's so good I love
its like sounds really great
[Music]
I'm for tonight shudders oh I'm a mess
gotta get on now gotta run from this
here comes the shame here comes the
shame
on two three one one three three one two
three one two three
I'm back to light
[Music]
see ya do you guys even know I'm singing
and see ya it doesn't exist he's so good
yeah you can sing what movie do you want
me to review guys maybe I'll do one
later I watched a movie the other day am
i doing in a little bit
[Music]
what's up Roberto fill it all for the
day
[Music]
I I was song
[Music]
clean my glass full until
hold on for tonight on for tonight on
for tonight hold it over tonight
[Music]
he's so good guys what do you think
[Music]
Wow Darren s font Oh killing it look and
sound so easy Darren is found everyone
yeah I mean he's so good
beeper that is so good yeah he was so
good what do you guys think I think he's
amazing
he looks like he's about 12 years old
and there's just if you look in the
background of the video there's like
crowds of people trying to check him out
so I thought that's kind of Awesome like
definitely awesome yeah yeah totally
awesome you like my shirt thank you guys
thank you guys I really enjoyed that
video guys this was a highly requested
video that you guys wanted me to react
to on my main channel but I've been I've
been reacting to too many things on any
channel I feel like some of my
subscribers are getting frustrated and
they want me to go back to posting more
comedy stuff so I'm going to stay and
react on my blog channel to as much
stuff as I can I'd love to react to more
movies thanks Barton Miller what's up
I'd love to react to more movies I might
come back and react to when I just
recently saw I just I don't go to the
movies very often so we'll see or maybe
I'll react to some um Indian trailers I
think are great thank you
Nikolas van holic thank you so much
thank you so much guys you guys are so
sweet I love you all so much and I have
so much fun streaming with you guys it's
like the most funnest I know
dang Matt Smith is super awesome he's
just so busy I should hit him up and see
if I can be any videos with him he's
really awesome I really I really like
him but anyway guys thanks so much for
watching this video please give it a
thumbs up thumbs it up right now
comm below what you think I should react
to next and that kid was so so amazing
guys give me give me a thumbs up if you
think I should react to more force more
singing videos I love watching the
singing videos they they definitely make
me feel special I make you feel special
inside they make me wish that I can take
some singing lessons I do I wish I could
take some singing lessons and sing like
him I don't think I could ever sing like
him in any way I don't know I heard in
my last
chenna that Filipinos have these amazing
voices so he's just born with it and I
don't think I could ever take classes
and sing like him but anyway guys I'll
be back in like five minutes I'm going
to just find something else to react to
but make sure you leave a comment on
this guys and subscribe to my channel
all right click over here for video I
did last week click over here for
another video that YouTube will suggest
um right up here for my main channel and
right up here for four more channel
videos on this channel alright guys
peace
