what's going on you guys this is gay I'm
Kayla and in this episode we are going
to jolly be en garde Kayla so we are
going to jolly be again we just get so
many requests and it's it's such a
popular restaurant and I feel like it's
good that we're going back because they
have so much variety and we don't really
get a chance to go on our own so it
would be you know just a good
opportunity to try what else jolly has
to offer
yes so obviously we can't do every
single person's request and some of the
things they don't have adage le be here
right then I think they have that the
one in the Philippines but we are going
to get the next like two or three most
popular things that were on the list
that we didn't get the last couple times
that we went and I'm kind of excited to
see what else jelly bean has to offer
yeah we've just we've kind of had
they're like really main staple things
and I think we're just going to branch
out a little bit yeah let's branch out
are you ready yeah here
I know it so Jojo is like a Filipino
chain but I think it closed down here
and it looks like they open up something
else
Kristi town years old 50 town is
[Music]
[Music]
this is Halle Berry we're here to team
up with one of them free
yeah freakazoid like be free
and everything you have for like you
don't order to get a manicure oil or
yeah
jollibee must be really pushing their
teachers joy which is which is here is
because once you feel like fall in love
with it immediately Johnny be scattered
to geology for depreciation alright so
we are back in the car we got our jolly
be goodies that was a very pleasant they
were very friendly in there the customer
service of jollity visa suppresses
everybody's good left ok serious
probably these good-looking honestly so
okay so we got a couple things here
Kayla I might have snuck in something
else at the end we'll we'll save that
for the very last part of the video but
in the meantime let's let's kind of just
go with what we were what we came here
for so first on the list go ahead and
pull it out of the bag here okay okay so
we got a couple of requests on this one
we got here kill over to go ahead show
the people show the faith off so people
Oh golly hot dog can you kind of break
down an ingredient scalable right so
what whoa it's interesting like okay I
did not I wasn't expecting that
um okay so what it looks like you ever
seen a picture this door I saw a picture
by just thought shredded cheese on top
right so what it looks like is it kind
of looks like a regular hot dog as far
as like you know right here and then you
have the bun standard bun standard yeah
then inside you have ketchup and you
have like a yellow sauce I don't know if
it's like a mayonnaise or you can see it
it looks like a special sauce whatever
so I love sausage so I really love like
let me see maybe a tissue it's like a
Mayo II vinegar it's like a special
sauce it's almost like a burger sauce I
feel but I love no cheese
it tastes like TC huh I don't know I'm
sure it's all gonna blend together well
with the bite of here or the bite of the
hotdog so go ahead and take a huge bite
and obviously on the top there is just a
lot of shredded shredded yeah I like the
little ketchup squirt like yeah how
carefully you up lately ketchup squirt
okay so do i yes I feel like I'm not
going to get the main stuff like you
wanna fight you want to take like one
piece of the the you are taking a part
of the bread out yeah the first part is
bread I eat the bread and just turn it
off like this very end piece and I want
to get like a good first bite you okay
yeah you cleaning this car okay cleaning
it good okay good take a bite we all
know you're not first okay so this is a
white man to take
oh that is a good buy you got a little
bit of everything in there okay so
initial thoughts that's a lot of cheese
that's like a mountain of cheese on
there that's crazy so I'm assuming the
sauce different differentiates it from
like a regular hot dog like a regular
ballpark hot dog like what do you think
I know like the sauce is kind of like a
you like a Mayo it's definitely some
kind of mustard is it mustard no much
like mustard maybe something tickly in
it yeah maybe like vinegars or something
yeah um pickle juice or something um
it's good actually I feel like what sets
it apart is the cheese on top the
texture like it stays crumbly it's not
like a melted cheese right nacho cheese
right yeah I feel like that's kind of
what sets it apart for me and it's good
actually surprised I I enjoyed it yeah
again jollibee is crazy they they they
transform they can transform a regular
hot dog into a jolly hot dog would it
make Joey Richter Jolie okay is it me
are you kidding what's going on here
okay
hey like all middle hmm is that better
than you expected hmm
now there's some beefy goodness right
there
so adaptable yes that sauce that sauce
is the bomb like the bomb explosion like
that was not that sauce really hits it
for me along with like the sweetness of
the ketchup yeah I said you're right on
point where like the crumbly nests of
the cheese like there's a whole nother
dimension to the hotdogs like you know
it still eats like a hot dog but I mean
the flavors just totally transformed I
agree
I was pleasantly surprised so if I were
to suggest something to somebody I would
I mean I would suggest I need to find
out of the ingredients that sauce
because I want to just put that on
everything that's all feels delicious
probably like mayonnaise mustard pickle
- yeah let me just take a really good
let me analyze a little bit more at
least be strictly for research purposes
I like the bite that you it's like
little tiny hotdogs in their shell
though all right I think I said like I
was surprised I thought like just from
seeing like pictures of it and seeing it
on the board I was never like oh I have
to try that sounds really good it's
cheesy it's sweet its savory its piccoli
oh I keep that it he didn't I
he is beefy good I could probably like
seven of those Wow okay but don't judge
or no judge me please
okay so the main entree killer the main
entree you know you know you're in so
the main entree here we go you guys see
that I don't want to I don't want to
spill it you're better at holding it
okay you got the hello this looks all
fancy yeah it's got a little baby shrimp
a little a hard-boiled egg so oh my gosh
that was bad I would have been a really
big mess for you to clean up okay cereal
but okay so this is Paloma Kayla so I
grew up on this stuff going to Filipino
potlucks and everything and I will be
honest this was not my favorite thing to
get add up though I mean I usually went
to the adobo Olympia um a law book I I
don't really feel like I've given
Pewabic a chance and your tastes kind of
change when you get older so um this is
kind of my second chance at Palazzo
i-i've you know I really really never
had any kind of attachment to it so
right I guess we'll see and this is
definitely your first time eating pull
out a book right yeah it is yeah so what
we got it looks like a little bit of
ground beef and then you know with some
noodles and the beer a worker yeah any
you can just just the just the smell of
it I mean it really smells like a
Filipino potluck you had all the
ingredients I mean I'm sure there's a
little bit of fish sauce in there and
things like that
just like I feel like we need to detect
this a little bit for anybody that
haven't had sticky logs yeah or a lava
flow
okay so what we have here like you can
see like there's some ground meat there
is um it looks almost like bread crumbs
yeah come on I was like bread crumbs
right taste laying on top of it takes
like the take like bread crumbs I feel
like it's more of just for like a
technical component and Shrek does it
shot em up the contributor so that Fried
Chicken the flavor hmm yeah yeah healthy
yeah it's like the batter of a fried
chicken that's this interesting yeah and
then we have like the egg very Filipino
to put hard-boiled eggs in a lot of your
dishes we have a little teeny tiny baby
shrimp on top so I have to say I am NOT
um I like seafood I like some seafood
but I'm not like a huge fish sauce work
like person I feel like this is going to
have yeah fish sauce but I'm open to
anything so I'm glad you're open because
when my bring my friends to our Filipino
pot looks like probably food like this
our food similar to this like the pull
off look that this is what usually
scares like
on filipinos away from filipino food
yeah right I mean do you I mean if you
were to go to Filipino this
probably wouldn't be the first thing you
go to no probably not
yeah but I've never actually I don't
know I just gotta try it people you know
try it looks like rice noodles - yeah so
what
what should I try first like try right
I'll mix it mix it before mix everything
Oh anything we have to make this we I at
this point I just mix everything you
just straight up go holla holla status
you know just a little mix mix all right
guys we mixed it check it out we listen
to you everything is mixed you should
get everything in one bite kala that it
smells pretty pretty good it feels
pretty good I would say so go ahead and
dig into it just pretend you're eating
sweet spaghetti or something
yummy oh well what do you think
mmm different definitely different um
actually I really like them the
saltiness of the meat yeah I'm actually
I don't hate it you don't hate it I
didn't really did not think I was going
to write at all and yeah I don't hate it
okay okay you guys you want to do this
for a long time I know this is
redemption this is poor never pick
sister's family things
this is palovak redemption for me y'all
here you go oh man that that bites got
the beef cuts got everything
hmm
yeah I yeah it's it's good I I do like
it yes I like it
I could probably you know this it's I
like it I feel like I would have to be
in the mood to like really like dig into
it um it's pretty heavy it's pretty
heavy yeah it's definitely you can
definitely taste the like a fish sauce
in it can't you all right I just I don't
know what it is about hard-boiled eggs
on things it's just not something that I
saw really ever before like being going
to Philip you know like thirties with
like parties a lot of them have on
hard-boiled eggs on like the food yeah
what a baby shrimp sure okay I know you
hate me in bed I guess this is you know
what this to me is like a comfort food
like yeah I could I could eat it like
non-stop and not yeah I can get like
non-stop and not even like you don't
think that I mean just digging there
like five boxes of this but like wow I
mean it does have all the components of
like a very traditional like so looking
on like it has the sauce and as it has
like what taste raw thrombi yeah ground
meat it's kind of fatty seeming like me
right like maybe pork or something um
and yeah has a little bit of the secret
has their agony I mean it seems pretty
traditional you know what and another
thing thing about it is my mom didn't
cook this like I really only had it at
potluck she really didn't cook it on a
regular basis so um no that's good
that's good if she if I had if I saw
that on a potluck I would surely put
some on my plate and eat this carrot my
foot so ours is a shout-out to jolly
viva the lady came up and said you know
she would she wanted to hook us up with
a free piece of chicken so this thing is
like picture-perfect it's like a big old
big old uh guys they go place at
and I just wish I had some gravy because
you know I would like to take that thing
as a chip and just like walk through my
mouth yeah we know
yeah so I don't know man that is a come
on that is a perfect piece of chicken
you need take a pitch at all to the last
longer we were sending a line and gave
me this last minute impromptu decisions
on what he was going to order tell me
that it was it here's a reaction it was
a knee-jerk reaction day okay
so one thing that he ordered is the
twirl shall we be Sunday yeah it's roll
assist Anila and then the other thing
and she grabbed one you all know we had
to get the peach mango pie a gay come on
yeah you know we're not going to skip
out on a few layers of fabric under go
jelly beans but but I don't think this I
think I feel like I read this in the
comments or something somebody told us
to combine the soft-serve with the peach
mango pie so like break it up and put it
in there well why not or like or less
let's dip it let's try to dip it but I
don't know either way it's gonna be
delicious
okay now open it you know we just gotta
end of the desert let go way to live
life
don't even say it
through the try to software thank you
custard yeah yeah
vanilla hmm you can't go wrong with
officer all right man I my expectation
is super high oh look at that
probably crispy good oh my goodness you
just see the flakes flying off that
there okay you going to try it yeah you
try first go ahead and get your dip on
get my dip on you should dip on oh come
on me no there's no such thing as a lot
of ice cream okay oh all OH
just that oozes like peach mango like
fell out that was crazy
and it's so good is it
the peach mango pie is good on on its
own but so that how does it taste with a
vanilla no hey you're sharing unless
you're okay my turn my turn yeah okay it
tastes so good as ice cream it does no
joke I feel like we're gonna have to
break it up though because it's kind of
falling apart you can break it up okay
here you go guys you got the hot peach
mango pie with the cold vanilla
that crunch gets me mad home I fire that
is straight fire Oh hmm oh man oh I
can't even believe what I just put my
mouth otherwise it's not really that big
of a deal we just don't want to lose any
of it I feel like all the others like
the liver healers do it look at okay
like pouring it men you know you know
what I really love about that is just
like that the temperature difference
just like that that mix of like hot pie
with the cold vanilla ice cream like
ridiculous three giggles okay I see what
you're doing Kayla here from what I see
what you're doing you're gonna take a
bite if you like ice cream
I always feel everything that's why you
very much okay I'm jealous I'm jealous
you're taking the first bite of that ah
this is a match made in heaven
hmmm alright thanks again you guys for
joining us on part three of jollibee we
appreciate you for sticking with us and
watching us eat I know that's kind of a
weird phrase but we love you guys so
okay so let us know I don't know if
there's anything that we've missed it
Jollibee I feel like we've kind of
gotten like the most popular items maybe
or tell us if there's something we're
missing out on do let us know in the
comments below like if there's anything
we absolutely have to try follow us on
Facebook and Instagram for sneak
previews of things like this coming up
and yeah we will see you next time yep
don't forget to subscribe bye
[Music]
