what's going on you guys this is gay
thank you and we are on like day 54 it
seems like a quarantine so we were
sitting out on the balcony looking at
the mountains look at those mountains
yeah it's like a painting and we were
talking about how we had originally
planned on starting to do some camping
yeah and this time of the year and
obviously we can't right now but you
know we started talking about campfires
and automatically I feel like when I
think of campfires I think of s'mores
right yeah yeah and kill we're talking
and we have some extra loopy wrappers
left so I don't know if you guys watched
our last video but we were thinking what
else you know we can kind of lumpia and
I think Kayla in this video we should do
something that's never been done before
in like Luca history and we should make
some lumpia s'mores that's right I think
we might even have everything yeah so we
don't need to go to the store then no
okay okay so we all know that the basic
ingredients for s'mores are graham
crackers some kind of marshmallow and
some kind of chocolate bar okay so I'm
gonna get those basic ingredients we
don't have any chocolate bars but we
have chocolate chips and I think that'll
work I'm thinking that instead of the
graham cracker as like something that's
gonna hold the middle of the s'mores I
feel like the lufia wrapper would be a
perfect substitution so let's get that
stuff together all right so I have
marshmallows up here a little bit of
chocolate chips we have our Lumiere
wrappers in the freezer
do we have graham crackers yeah but yeah
you should just grab them because
they're just part of s'mores but the
loopy rapper is gonna be like the crab
here I'll grab them I think we just need
to keep the ingredients like classic
ingredients we can put it in the loop
your ever no no about that okay you guys
welcome to the roll party we have our
lumpia here some leftovers from when we
made the lumpia the other day so we're
gonna go ahead and use this as the
vessel I think I want to use the graham
crackers just to keep that original
s'mores flavor because the graham
cracker is a little bit sweet which you
don't get from the spring roll so I'm
I'm gonna make mine with graham crackers
you can do whatever you want if you do
do something something different we'll
see which one tastes better how about
that well I'm not gonna use the graham
cracker because I feel like the lumpia
wrapper is going to be replacing it and
I feel like it's just gonna get soggy
when it's mixed in with these other two
sweets I don't I think you're wrong but
let's go ahead and start rolling leave
in the comments below who is do you
think it's gonna be better before we
start anything you like
what's what's your plan how are you
gonna assemble I don't know I I I wash
the counters off so we can just do them
on the counter okay here I will give you
your lumpia wrapper here you saw me take
it out of the take it out of the package
don't need water okay all right so we
got our water okay I will go ahead and
start assembling I think the chocolate
chips are actually better than then the
the kind of Hershey little Hershey's
bars because you will be able to kind of
manipulate them easier but how are you I
think I'm gonna start mine yeah I'm
gonna watch you first cuz you're gonna
steal my idea okay I'm gonna start my
own little layer of chocolate chips oh I
don't see how this would taste bad at
all I think I
desert limpio like oh my goodness that
sounds amazing okay nice bed of
chocolate chips here for the for the
base it's cute when you're cutting
yourself and then these marshmallows are
are kind of big like this is gonna be a
pretty big s'more I mean I almost let me
see you here
I almost feel like that's too much
marshmallow but yeah we'll see how that
works and then I'm gonna break this
graham cracker into maybe like a quarter
so I'll just leave one on the top I
don't want it I don't want too much you
know just too much bread kind of
material so we'll just do that so right
now I'm gonna wrap it tuck it like so
man this is gonna be a big s'more I can
already feel it okay okay it's not even
like a lute like a lumpia it's like a
it's more like a big old egg roll you
get as an appetizer at like a Chinese
restaurant but okay nothing wrong with
that all right this isn't I don't feel
like this is a authentic loop yeah the
marshmallow is just way too big but okay
that's my first one okay go ahead and
make yours okay so what I'm gonna do
with mine hmm what I'm gonna try with
mine is I'm gonna kind of start the same
way I'm gonna line up the chocolate
chips right here copying me already
sure okay so I'm gonna whine of these
chocolate chips let's see it's gonna be
really sweet with a marshmallow so I'm
not trying to do like too much okay so
what I have here is some kitchen
scissors and I'm going to I should have
thought of that that's why I wanted to
see what you did first
okay so I just cut it in half and I
stuck it on top of your chocolate your
marshmallow chocolate chip ratio is
probably gonna be a little bit better
than mine but thank you yeah okay so I'm
gonna just tuck this around and no
graham cracker I don't know two
ingredients in Olympia huh seems pretty
basic to me but yeah that's about
normal-sized of them people yeah look at
the size difference yeah size matters of
looka guys okay so we'll go ahead and
kind of finish up the wrappers we'll
make a bunch of s'mores and yeah we'll
put them in the fryer and see how they
turn out
you don't even need the scissors you can
just rip them apart so there you go okay
you got that look at that layering that
is professional layering you got the bed
of chocolate chips with a marshmallow oh
yeah
and then to top it all off with a graham
cracker crust I feel like your
confidence is really cute thank you
I remember seeing videos of like these
like the magic cookies or something or
they were like magic croissant and it
was you like make this cookie of some
kind and you put like a marshmallow in
it and then it disappears so it makes
like it makes like a piece of like I've
never seen anything like that it's like
the marshmallow disappears from the heat
so it's like just an empty bubble inside
the pastry so it was like a magic it's
like a magic yeah yeah yeah yeah no I
don't remember that I'm curious what's
gonna happen to the marshmallow being
cooked in the heat like is it gonna get
goofy like in a s'more or is it gonna
like disappear is it gonna get soggy
that's right I what you know there's
like there's three like phases that
there's like there's like solid liquid
and like gas but a marshmallow is like a
marshmallow isn't anything it's not I
guess it's a solid but you can like
manipulate it you know it's not like a
hard hard sore
but the marshmallow is kind of a wild
card I'm curious to see what's gonna
happen to it or is it gonna okay so when
you microwave a marshmallow they expand
right so I think when you apply heat to
a marshmallow they expand so if it does
expand is it gonna like ooze out is it
gonna like well it's not I feel like the
lumpia might expand a little bit but I
don't know that's a good a good science
experiment you know we'll find out
okay this didn't work I tried to put
like the marshmallow base first and the
chocolate chips are just like all over
the place now so that honestly I'm not
that much of a fan of Marchman I I would
never just grab a marshmallow by itself
right right
I didn't think we'd run out what we did
I kind of want to try one with only
marshmallow just to see it would just be
like just some crunchy fluff ball which
actually doesn't even sound that bad
right yeah you know what you know and
I'm gonna try one with just chocolate
chips and we'll see how that I'll see
how that goes
so this one's just gonna be chocolate
chips this one might actually be the
best one I'm gonna just shock the chips
marshmallow I know I'm wondering I feel
like in general
s'mores they're so sweet sometimes they
just hurt my teeth right well we can
stick the marshmallow and chocolate one
together so you just said this is the
marshmallow this is the chocolate so so
this is our finished roll bumpy Achillas
is on the top mine is on the bottom I
personally like the diversity of the
sizes in mind but you can be your own
judge Kayla's gonna go ahead and oil up
to Olympia to create that nice crispy
Lucas skin we were so satisfied with how
the airfryer turned out when we cook
Limpy before we're gonna use the air
fryer again 390 degrees for four minutes
then flip it and set it for another four
minutes
you excited you know I'm like waiting to
see if the marshmallow starts anything
else
oh it's gonna be a mess
it's like oh man it's like squirting the
marshmallows out yes that wasn't that
was a failure whose idea was that
oh that is just a coupie mess it
actually looks pretty good so as you can
see that lumpia wrapper did not hold the
marshmallow just expanded too much but I
definitely think it passes the scratch
test you can definitely hear the
crunchiness yeah and it smells really
good this is the only chocolate this is
the only marshmallow all right guys we
are back the lumpia is ready it smells
delicious it does and I'm excited to try
these out and see how these s'more
lumpia s'more lumpias tastes so okay I
think you're good those look so
delicious
yeah all right so I'm gonna take one of
mine which ones are mine
oh yeah the ones that are ruled or water
sickly yeah bad move on our part really
shouldn't have used melted marshmallow
with a paper towel bottom so that's okay
you know my deal I'm just gonna take
this little piece of paper towel off
there okay all right so this is mine so
I'm gonna rip this
whoo it's hot you're gonna burn yourself
yeah I guess he's gonna wait till it
cools a little bit longer okay there you
go never if the rest oh here we go
what where's the marshmallow the
marshmallow disappeared it disappeared
I think that always told you about that
that was the magista chocolate one no it
wasn't this one is just the chocolate
yeah where'd the marshmallow go where
did the marshmallow go well I told you I
told you that it did that in those other
recipes and you put like a marshmallow
in it and then it disappears so it makes
like so none of these have marshmallows
in it will they do it just melted but
where the marsh look at the marshmallow
is literally gone like how is that even
possible
this one the marshmallow this was the
one with only marshmallow in it and yeah
okay I'm gonna rip this one and see what
we got here
Wow
guys that's okay yeah all right there's
a little bit of marshmallow in that one
but here yeah let's try this out see how
it tastes we did take this one out
earlier so maybe it didn't fully
evaporate or something okay Wow so no
note to self marshmallows disappear in
an air fryer hmm is it pretty good so
I'm not sure he's like a rice krispy
does it really yeah mmm
mmm-hmm she's a bridge Cruces mmm-hmm
that is a wine good Luke you're a cur
let's try one that had chocolate and
marshmallow in it here there you go
Cheers mmm
Oh chocolate I know that the marshmallow
is gone but you still taste it yeah you
still taste it yeah I was kind of
looking forward to like the gooeyness of
the marshmallow and the texture okay
these are yours let's try mine with the
graham cracker um I wonder if the graham
cracker actually like saved the
marshmallow a little bit so well we know
the graham cracker is not gonna
disappear yeah yeah I know okay let's
try let's let's let me break this apart
okay I'm gonna break the one with a
graham cracker apart here and no
marshmallow but that looks pretty nice
pretty tasty nice and crunchy and you
got the you can see the graham cracker
with a lumpy wrapper in the chocolate
gooey marshmallow I just well yours
didn't have any gooey marshmallow either
but let's go ahead and drink hillbilly
let's go hmm okay what are your thoughts
cuz I have thoughts but okay so I you
were kind of right about the graham
cracker it kind of it almost didn't it I
think it absorbed some of the
marshmallow and got a little soggy like
it's not crunchy at all and it's just
it's just like there so I thought the
like the sweetness and the graham
cracker would add a little bit to that
to the to the lumpia but it really
doesn't so well yeah still tastes good I
still eat it yeah it does still taste
good so I feel like the last one
that we have is the one with only
chocolate chips nothing else right yeah
so do I'm gonna do this one yep so there
you go it yeah okay just the chocolate
ice I told you in the beginning this one
might be the best-tasting one so all
right let's try it
okay which one do you think was your
favorite I I had a feeling it was gonna
be that chocolate like all of the all
chocolate one was probably the best one
just because the ones with that had the
marshmallow in it like the chocolate
like took up half of it and the other
half was just like err so yeah I feel
like the all chocolate one was probably
the best one really yeah I feel like I
mean we should have heard you're like
humongous big marshmallow let's see fit
let's see if the marshmallow saved him
this one oh no it didn't just okay so
this is like the perfect like dissection
of what happened inside here guys like
look at this
like there's marshmallows empty it's
just like chocolate chips and like
graham cracker I feel like my favorite
with mine that just had the chocolate in
the marshmallow in Olympia wrapper the
reason that I feel like that one was my
favorite is the only one with the only
chocolate it just had like the wrapper
right next to the chocolate and I feel
like the one with the marshmallow even
though the marshmallow is gone the
flavor of it was still there and I kind
of liked the extra crunch from like the
opening did the marshmallow love okay so
I really like that it was like a little
bit more airy had less chocolate so it
wasn't too overly sweet I liked it with
the lumpia wrapper yeah I mean overall
Kayla was the lumpia s'more is what you
expected yeah it is absolutely not what
I expected I think what I would do
differently next time
is cook it a little less cook it before
the marshmallow like just evaporated
into thin air so
when you did eat it you would still have
that marshmallow cream in there that
nice gooeyness and I think that would
kind of mimic the authentic like taste
and feel of a s'more well what I think
we need to do is try to lumpia something
else I agree leave in the comments below
what you want us to try to lumpia next
and we're gonna give it a shot because
we have nothing but time baby don't
forget to Like and subscribe we'll see
you next time
