and tonight we are going to go to a
couple different grocery stores today
actually we're at one now technically
Walmart though in a grocery store it's
also more than a grocery store it's kind
of like for my Filipino audience kind of
like a grocery store plus alanders kind
of kind of cool so we're going to go
check that out and see what is up with
that
as I enter there's a huge produce
section and I'll show you all that here
in a bit hmm
so here you can see that because of
American in Dennis day being on July the
4th and that being very close there's a
lot of red white and blue stuff that is
cool look at all the red white and blue
ermahgerd news next clip so here we are
in the produce section with all kinds of
different produce mushrooms and lettuces
and salad stuffs
and then next to that we got some juices
miscellaneous fruit over here to the
right and anyway here oh so much fruit
next clip welcome to the bread aisle
this is basically an entire section of
the store dedicated to different kinds
of breads hamburger buns hot dog buns
sandwich rolls bagels other
miscellaneous thingamabobs and
thingamadoodles
ah personally I like wheat bread that's
just me or multigrain whole-grain I'm
not a big fan of white bread all right
clean up here we have some frozen foods
mostly things like like shrimp and other
seafoods and there's some more but
coming up next hamburger hamburger is
okay so it's not normal well I don't
know what normal was let's put that in
quota marks to see it in these giant
tubes usually you see it in something
like this it's only been in that package
for maximum 24 hours if not less than
that it is ground here at the store and
it comes in via truck every single day
now some of this stuff this is
prepackaged this has been here for a
little bit longer or in you know in
frozen trucks and things like that
but yeah and here we have prepackaged
steaks these have also only been here
for a very short amount of time
they all have you know the you know use
or freeze by date to keep you safe so
you know when it was packaged then how
long it's good for and of course you
have stuff like this and I love to eat
adapt easily
though we do have these in the buildings
the walls sort of these are a little bit
different in the Philippines I've
noticed the hotdogs are double packaged
their impact is similar to this maybe
not in a tray but like like a ziplock
bag and then they've got like this weird
condom type thing around them I guess to
make them more friendly for single serve
but here they're they're not wrapped
that way they're just in the tray and
then surrounded by plastic anyway next
clip frozen foods are definitely a thing
that I have missed being in the
Philippines for so long there's just
such a wide variety a huge array of the
things that you can get frozen and I
miss it I really do you know the what
I'm used to seeing in the Philippines is
awesome because a lot of it is very
fresh but there's that convenience
factor of being able to pop something in
the microwave and just having it ready
like beacon cheddar reps or denim acts
which are really cool and you know these
little burrito jeans I just miss it next
clip so here's an aisle where we've got
all kinds of stuff to make sandwiches
and put on ice cream and other
miscellaneous things
very cool next clip Oh
so this is something that I have missed
very much quote unquote real milk which
you can get in the Philippines the
easiest way for me to get it where I'm
at is to go to like a coffee house like
let's say a Starbucks and then ask them
for it and it's about 500 pesos or about
10 dollars for a gallon of milk and here
you can see I can pick it up here for
about a dollar 38 per gallon so that's
uh what is that that's two under less
than 200 peso for a gallon of non you H
tea milk there's different varieties and
things like that okay I really do miss
some of this like though yes I can go
and buy chocolate milk in the
Philippines it's usually the UHP no
which is okay it does the job but it's
not it doesn't it misses that certain
genetic law if you will
alright next clip so I never thought I
would say this before I move to the
Philippines but this is one of my
favorite sections of the rotary store
this is the lunch meat section something
that I find it very very hard to get
wild in the Philippines lunch meat just
doesn't seem to be a thing at least not
this kind of lunch meat canned or potted
meat sure but like this isn't so much of
a thing that I've run into and all look
at all those cheese's
all right I'm going to get out of here
before I before I mixing I'm getting so
hungry next clue oh so in this local
Walmart this is the extent of the
section the sort of Asian section of
what is available it's not it's not much
so yeah this is interesting
like I really wish that there was a
better selection because there are
things even though I've only been gone
for like a week or so that I truly
missed
well I guess I'll see more when I get
back to the Philippines here in about a
week or so next clip ketchup ketchup
ketchup ketchup ketchup ketchup so I am
here with the ketchup and mustard and
other miscellaneous sandwich and/or
burger sauces we've got some barbecue
sauce and stuff over there too but I'm
looking and I do not see any form of
like banana ketchup or anything like
that which kind of kind of makes sense
because I don't remember ever seeing
anything other than tomato ketchup
before I moved to the Philippines hmm
maybe I can find it if I look really
hard alright next clip in my video
looking at grocery stores in the
Philippines or specifically the one that
I did stopped at I made a comment about
mayonnaise
now mayonnaise the extent of the
mayonnaise selection here in this store
is actually very small in comparison yes
there are miscellaneous McMissile like
we've got olive oil mayo and we've got
other miscellaneous flavored Mayo's but
it just does not seem to be the same
selection as I've seen in Philippine
stores
hmm next clip and because us
independence day is here we can see you
know add some us-based stuff there are
like you know themed then these are our
impulse buys
usually candies and small trinkets then
goodies and maybe a soda or two no
toothbrush next clip so we are leaving
Walmart and we're going to go to another
store so one thing that I forgot to
mention is the fact that Walmart in
particular now this is not common
amongst all grocery stores but Walmart
has a greeter at the door somebody is
say hi to you when you walk in and
somebody to make sure that you can find
whatever it is you need anyways next
clip so we are at another something you
could consider to be a grocery store
we're at Sam's Club and is the
equivalent would be like a Landers or an
SNR in the Philippines for my
Philippines audience so see here there's
the logo and we're about to go in and
the great thing about this place is they
don't just sell groceries they sell in
bulk so that means that you buy a large
amount you can use over time and you
save like per ounce or per item but it's
a little bit bigger of an investment so
it's not as popular of a concept in the
Philippines but it is a really good way
to save money especially for those who
only get paid like once a month anyway
next clip so this also the store also
does electronics and all kinds of other
miscellaneous stuff and they've got them
all pretty much tuned to the same
channel or broad gap so yeah it's kind
of cool alright so here we have an ad in
a with a buggy now this thing is so huge
that you could you could fit like a
person in there you want to get in know
you want to get in can I get in why not
killjoy next clip oh so this is one of
the things I was talking about buying in
bulk this is an 18 inch by three
thousand foot saran wrap that is more
saran wrap than I think I would probably
ever use but some people may use more or
like businesses may use more Wow
Reynolds wrap or aluminum foil so cool
next clip so this is something that you
see often in these stores is a giant
like pallet of individual waters all
wraps together now I've tried buying
stuff like this in the Philippines but
it's usually like it's easily in a box
there's usually only like six of them
but I mean I don't get me wrong I have
seen things like this but it's a little
bit more rare than it is here alright
next clip
Ranch Dressing in big bottles good ranch
dressing I miss it so much it's blue oh
so here we have a oh wow look at that we
have a spit roast err now our roasted
chickens usually come from something
like this and they show up here these
run
usually about let's see here about five
dollars or 250 pesos for my Philippine
audience and they do look delicious but
I'll tell you this it's probably nothing
in comparison to Bali walk or believe
ugh I always mispronounce that anyway
next clip I'm miss Betty wag and then
dark even more lunch meat and other
miscellaneous things in bacon all six
sliced bacon ah I know that a large part
of you probably have no idea why I'm so
excited but we can I I don't know why
but I guess I'm just in such a bacon
mood right now and look at this
sometimes it comes packaged in like a
little like a tub like this where it's
kind of loose in there other times lunch
meat will come packed in something a
little bit more like this where they're
really tightly packed all in something
like this or like this I just missed
lunch meat so much all right cool I'm
next grill you so now we're at a grocery
store called Kroger and yeah we are
going to go in here and we are going to
see if there's anything else I can
notice that sets grocery stores apart in
the States versus the Philippines I need
to go ahead and say that I don't any of
these comparisons I don't mean as any
sort of negatives the last time I made a
video on this while in the Philippines I
got a little bit of some negative
backlash but that is not intended
whatsoever as you walk in because it's
summer nice
there's grilling stuff and whatnot I
just please even before you walk into
the store ah
anyway next clip so this is kind of more
about measurements and things like that
but like here water is sold by usually
the gallon rather than by leader and
they come in milk jugs basically
at clip and my roommate's death is
probably really really happy right now
staff would you like some tic tacs with
minions on them who he loves tic tacs oh
yeah next clip it's not uncommon here to
have bakeries in grocery stores so you
end up with things like doughnuts and
other miscellaneous pastries like this
and other miscellaneous pastries and
cakes and other various goodness changes
oh look at all the pastries I'm going to
gain so much weight while I'm here next
clip oh there's a cat or a bread shot oh
I look at all the bread Oh next clamp up
um so this is just the height of
laziness like fully cooked bacon it's
not refrigerated like I don't even
understand what what this is America get
your together
you can't even cook your own freakin
wakin so other earlier I showed you some
roasted chickens in like something like
this this is this is ribs but they also
sometimes come in bags these roasted
chickens are a little bit more pricey
than the ones we saw earlier I think
can't really remember somebody is going
to totally roast me in the comments
we're getting that wrong or Matt Arnaud
I don't know next clip okay I know I'm
going a little bit overboard with the
cheese but I do miss a good selection of
cheeses ah geez well go to the soda Isle
the Isle of soda so much soda I'm
starting to realize why I am as big as I
am and as heavy as I am I grew up in the
land of soda oh my goodness
in addition there's a little bit of
water for some healthiness but mostly
soda
and even more water with some water
purification stuff up here but I just
kind of wanted to show you that there
are other form factors other than the
like milk jug and there are even like
these you stick these in your
refrigerator I've seen like more
permanent obvious like these are
disposable but I don't think I've ever
seen be like more disposable ones in
stores in the Philippines just thought I
would share next clip expensive water
Fiji what a help is that for water
that's insane
oh my goodness agent spinner there's
digital spinners everywhere good hey
there and thanks so we stopped back by
the house to drop some stuff off next or
a little public see if we can fill this
empty hole in the freezer and get some
cold stuff for the fridge things like
that so this is relevant so that's why
I'm sharing it buying in bulk is such a
thing in the States
look at all these teabags and the thing
is there are five of these and that is a
very viable way to save money when you
shop here in the states is to buy in
bulk anyway next clip this is another
very common sight in US households this
is toilet paper this is 30 rolls this is
another six rolls and another six rolls
so when something is on sale you go
ahead and you buy it I instead of buying
things one by one you just buy things
when they're on sale and store them in
your home
same thing with light bulbs and downy
and fabric softener and bleach and other
things it's a very common thing here
anyway next clip many of you know my mom
she came out for a little while to visit
me here in the Philippines
now I'm visiting her but until she came
to visit she thought that this was ramen
in the States this is like the most
common thing that you see is the ramen
in a package so I was very very pleased
to be able to take her to a Japanese
restaurant and show
real ramen she had a salad but now at
least she knows what ramen really is
next clip and now here we are at Publix
another place here and I think it's all
over this days but I see a lot of them
in the south and a lot of in the
southeast but yeah let's let's see this
thing see what the guy just in case I've
never said it on this channel this is
the best barbecue sauce you will ever
try in your life sweet baby Ray's
barbecue sauce if you can find it
I think Landers might have it maybe but
it's really good yummy
also if you're in the States Walmart
Sam's pretty much a lot of grocery
stores here in the south have it mmm so
yummy next clip here's another thing
that I missed the spice is so many
spices so many spices like in the
Philippines a lot of times for my US
audience a lot of times you'll find it
in baggies and things like that but
there's not the same variety as I've
seen here maybe I'm looking in the wrong
places but I definitely missed the
variety all right next clip
yes us Americans we love our ketchup but
I'm still looking I'm looking for banana
ketchup I don't see any I see some with
no high fructose corn syrup down here as
the other like sugar-free here's one
sriracha ketchup
but I don't see banana ketchup hmm
next clip so the great pickle debate
what are the best pickles in the world
personally I say nothing in this aisle
is the best pickle in the world though
plastics are okay
I am a much bigger fan of of a different
kind of pickle which I am blanking on at
the moment
Clausen they are constantly kept
refrigerated throughout the entire
process and they're so crispy and yummy
next clip mmm
look at all this fresh produce so yummy
it's so colorful and pretty and mmmmmm
so I pointed out a couple of things in
my grocery store when I was in the
Philippines that I didn't know what they
were
this is papaya I have never had papaya
in my entire life and I think I could
probably go another 30 years without
trying papaya but maybe I'm wrong let me
know in the comment section down below
if I should track the playa alright next
clip yummy more lunch meat and cheeses
ah I missed it so much so much what the
world cheese wrapped with lunch meat
what is this what is this I love it I
need it now
mmm that looks so yummy no I'm doing a
love
ah man it does look so delicious oh I'm
really starting to realize why I why I
am so big look at all that cake
ah all right oh wait there's more
oh so delicious next clip Oh
one of the thing I realized as I'm
walking around here the fact the only
whitening products that I see on the
shelves are things like toothpaste
actually just realize I should probably
awaken my teeth hmm they're so ugly
anyway ah so yeah like that's like to me
now not seeing it is weird because I see
it every time I go to the grocery store
the pharmacy you know other stores is
like yes I kind of expect to see it and
it's not here where did it go ooh
condoms next clip
and the night's awesome little Debbie's
I miss Davies though yes I can get them
in the Philippines they're a little bit
more a lot more expensive but these if
you don't know what love is are they're
like little snack cakes they're like
little baked goods and they're
essentially nothing but preservatives
chocolate and sugar but they're the
best-tasting preservatives chocolate and
sugar you'll ever taste
I'm not saying to try them but try them
Oh
so one thing that in the Philippines is
is they have lots and lots of kind of
generic style Oreos like this and when I
say generic I mean generic to me there
are a lot of brands that are name brands
in the Philippines but I don't so much
recognize what something that I just saw
here that I really wish I could get back
in the Philippines
peanut butter Oreos
if you've ever seen peanut butter Oreos
in the Philippines let me know because I
need them in my life also they have key
lime pie Oreos in fact this entire aisle
is just filled well not the entire aisle
but this part of the aisle is just
filled with different kinds of Oreos and
I I want some I want some so bad they
even have the golden oriole mergo stove
contrary to popular belief from the
people that I have some people that have
talks to in the Philippines you can get
fresh seafood here in the state in all
kinds of different types and styles so
this is just kind of what I'm showing
into some fresh seafood here at the
grocery store thank you next clip all
right yes I know I'm weird
but I really missed our sausages I may
actually take some of these home with me
I missed him
there are basically sausages but they're
they're different than like say the
longaniza and some of the others if I
can't really describe it next clip oh
and these grocery stores for the people
who can't
or who don't have the time or the energy
they have entire meals that you can
throw in the oven and you can have the
even have the thing on 375 degrees 20
minutes and then enjoy they they have
the direction they have all the
ingredients just throw it in the oven
and you're done mmm and it's that it
cooks right in the bag mmm they've got
it for all kinds of different meals that
is really cool next clip
and tonight's welcome to the bread aisle
and yet another store here in the US
that is so much bread oh my goodness
next clip so I am in the pasta slash and
vegetable aisle there are a lot of
sauces because there's pasta behind me
but also a lot of canned vegetables this
is something I kind of miss in the
Philippines though some of this you can
find so it's a little bit harder like
tomato paste and a few other things it's
really nice to have sometimes and other
things like the variety of different
kinds of beans that are here I really
kind of miss sometimes especially when I
want to make chili and other
miscellaneous things dairy when I'm in
the Philippines but that's okay because
Philippines balance is that was some
pretty pretty cool other stuff anyway
next clip I present to you the part of
the aisle for spam it's that big it's
the thing we can get here but it's not
as big of a thing as it is there in the
Philippines yeah so also in this aisle
we will come across canned fruit here in
just a minute and also some of these now
some of these yes I have seen in the
Philippines but not nearly the selection
that you have here for things like Chef
Boyardee and ready to prepare meals
we've got of course chicken stock and
other things so for my us-based audience
in the Philippines milk will come in
containers much like this and it's UHT
milk the
doesn't go bad nearly as quickly so here
we've got some Progresso soup in a can
soup and I can is huge here or I don't
know if you can call that a can that's
more like a container but yeah and then
up here we're coming upon the canned or
container to perfection which isn't so
much of a thing in the Philippines just
because you can get everything fresh but
oh you know what might pick up some
applesauce why I'm here so naughty
naughty nothing then here we are with
the canned fruit cranberry fruit
cocktail peaches pineapple chunks ah
alright next clip oh and tonight I am
standing here in front of a coin
conversion machine and this is where
people come and they take their change
and they you know they turn it in for
either gift cards or money or whatever
and it automatically sorts it
automatically counts it for you and I
believe that there's a small charge to
do so but the convenience for a lot of
people makes it so much worth it so down
here you can see that these bags after
it goes in and they are currently
they're currently sorting a few bags now
so cool alright next clip oh man oh I am
tired from shopping so I kind of want to
say that the ability to drive from store
to store is something I miss but from a
product standpoint it is because
different things are doing prices
different stores so you know being able
to hit a couple in a day is is good for
saving money but it's also kind of a
kind of a big deal like you know it
takes an entire day to do that or a good
part of a day so man I don't know anyway
let me know what you think about all of
this down there in the comment section
down below
again as I said earlier none of this is
meant to disrespect any particular
culture or country or anything like that
just a simple comparison things that
I've noticed anyway until next time
don't forget to like subscribe and do
all those things that make me let my job
also be awesome to yourself an amazing
to me each other
[Music]
