[Music]
[Applause]
so it's been one month since I've been
to the Philippines I've spent the last
three and a half weeks editing all my
vlogs so you guys can see my journey and
a chance for me to share my experiences
with you and I thought I would do a
little bit of reflections video to talk
about my time in the Philippines having
seen a lot of your comments on the vlogs
recently anyway plus just to wind down
this whole trip actually so what better
way to talk about the trip than to start
at the beginning so obviously much of
didn't go to a good start always
mentally in a bad place club's thinking
about all the things I had planned and
worrying about being on my own how I was
gonna film all these vlogs how I was
gonna stay safe and obviously you guys
know that I had a few phone calls to
make and thankfully I had LaLanne and
Mark who were there pretty much all
about all my time there to be honest so
that was such a huge weight lifted off
my shoulders but it wasn't until I
landed that thing started to improve for
me but I had a very long flight and
obviously a lot of things to think about
and stuff so I was still you know less
applause earlier mentally in not a great
place but when I landed it is all really
good I met it with the land and Mark and
Marvin and we just kind of gelled so
fast
and so easily we got so well we visited
Okada with the intention of seeing the
fountain show but unfortunately the time
that we arrived there it already
finished so I didn't get to see that
unfortunately but we did ever walk
around look at the casino didn't gamble
but we just had a look around
and then I think actually before them we
went to in Jollibee I know in the vlogs
the journey being vlog came right after
I was shipped to Okada but
chronologically
jollibee was just before Okada and
jollibee oh I tell you what I've got her
so excited when I said when I saw my
first Jollibee just driving down the
road I was like sure
having seen all the commercials and and
and just hearing about how what jollibee
means to to you guys in the comment
sections on those videos really made me
kind of hypes to see it so they were
everywhere you know every corner pretty
much everywhere we visited there's
always a jolly be that we drove past so
it was nice to see it pop up just when
you need it so that was our first meal
went to Jollibee tried the food
and then began my first full day where
we visited Intramuros there's a lot
history there there's a lot to be seen
and I could have spent even more time
than I did just having a look around I
think the reason we spent only half a
day seeing stuff run Intramuros we were
actually going to go to a park nearby as
well Loonette er lunette II can't
remember one of those but time was of
the essence and we had plans to go out
on the evening for a meal atmanam so
obviously traffic is a delighted Manilla
so we only had better really consider
time and getting places so we had to cut
that day a little bit short but then
came my name it was so amazing the food
was incredible
the staff was so amazing and I had such
a great time trying different foods it
was nice to try a different palate for
change and you know it was really nice I
enjoyed it and then came probably one of
my longest and most memorable days I had
very little sleep I woke up at I think
Corvis five something ridiculous got
ready and out the door and we were at
Project pearls doing some volunteer work
for the children that was a bit of an
eye-opener for me just not too much that
mean what you saw in that room that were
in was just full of children and stuff
but to get to that room you had to walk
through a community and it was really
sad to see that the conditions in that
community was really poor you know we're
talking like people foraging food out of
bins cooking making fires literally in
the streets I mean the children and what
we did a project pearl just one aspect
of it I mean it would be great if we
could do something to help the community
as a whole really and then of course
following that was the meeting region
jollibee I get to meet a lot of
subscribers unfortunately the turnout
wasn't as great as I was hoping I know a
lot of you guys had problems with either
transport a distance
the journey time so I reckon about 30%
of the people that bought tickets came
it is what it is maybe maybe next time I
didn't meet and greet hopefully you can
make at that time I mean we'll have
another sing song together maybe I'll
choose a different song than go the
distance maybe I was okay but it was
great to meet the people that came and
gonna have some photo opportunity sign a
few things and it's always great to to
see the people behind the screen names
and then it came with jeans concert
which was the purpose of my trip it was
always about organizing my travel around
new jeans
xxx concept and yeah the first ten
minutes I was just giddy with excitement
I was so excited and the atmosphere was
absolutely electrifying
Rajini waived and me I was I was so
overwhelmed like tomorrow's tea really
I'm so overwhelmed it was so exciting
and I was so thrilled that but meeting
her was just lucky right place right
time and I think as I think I said in
the video actually is doing YouTube
probably really helps because people in
production knew who I was and it was you
know just trying to get connections made
trying to get me in there and and sure
enough it happened and well you know the
story about how I met with Jeannie was
unbelievably embarrassing when I blurted
out my tears and oh my god but I
wouldn't change it for the world
the following day on Sunday 22nd we
ventured off to moer
well the SM Mall of Asia just to have
wander around the shops and stuff to
fair we didn't spend a lot of time in
the stops we'd spent a lot of time just
wandering about looking for some food
and we ventured off to the seaside near
MOA just to chill out and I actually
really enjoyed that it was so relaxing
the atmosphere was lovely it was also
that day that I collected my tickets for
our 34 that evening on the Sunday which
I was giving away to the winners of the
raffle from the meet-and-greet and then
I remembered as well I forgot to claim
my CDs the one that you can see just
here for because the Platinum tickets
included the CDs and I in excitement of
meeting Regina stuff I completely forgot
to claim
so when back tomorrow to go and get my
CDs and then after we left there we were
gonna head to the karaoke bar and I had
a text from Miko to say you know come to
SMX to meet Morissette and I was like
wow we are just right near it so we went
to to the SMS Convention Center have to
write around her Morissette met Katrina
by chance and then Morissette and they
were both so lovely I felt like I
couldn't speak to Katrina for very long
because she just come out of the room
after performing I guess she wanted to
get back to
room to change or to relax and and
obviously being out in the midst of
everybody everybody got felt no she
might want some privacy in that so I
kind of let her go off for a little bit
but Morissette was more than happy to to
meet me you know she was so welcoming
warm she was beautiful she was so
friendly oh man she's an absolute
delight I recommend him if you're ever
gonna watch Morrison's concert or if you
happen to see Morissette or know where
she's gonna be
find the time to talk to her because
she's so hospitable so generous I think
she is the epitome of what an artist
should be like outstanding at singing
and outstanding as a person and then
came what I would consider the most
embarrassing part of my trip the karaoke
night I'm no singer I've never claimed
to be a singer those of you who are new
to my channel won't know that but I've
always been saying you know I can't sing
I'm terrible at singing the question
would be then why did I host a karaoke
night and the reason is this karaoke is
so central to what makes you Phillip
Filipino it's part of your your family -
part of your culture to go all that way
and to learn about your your cultures
and to you know dive into what makes the
Philippines the Philippines I couldn't
not host it I had to do it I needed to
see what it was like and what it meant
to you guys and obviously you know
hosting an event like that I couldn't
not sing either so I had to pick songs
that I thought would be quite fun
the Aerosmith didn't go down that well
[Applause]
[Music]
with me anyway everyone else seemed to
enjoy it but you know the songs I tend
to sing a quite old fashioned because
they are the sort of songs that I think
best suit my voice but you never know
maybe I'll sing something else next time
so Monday came along and we were so
tired that day we got up to Robinson's
over leeches as I think is like an hour
and a half a drive or something
ridiculous and it was so tired and was
yawning our faces off the best part of
the day and then when they wished bus
did arrive I don't know I think we all
sort of perked up a little bit didn't
seem to yawn that I can remember well I
met the guys behind wish sat on the bus
and had an interview with UN TV so if
you're watching the video and you're
wondering the woman who's interviewing
me who she is and you know that kind of
stuff they were interviewing me for UN
TV and then Robin came I met Robin when
a bit of a chat and then we were on air
only on which one or 75 which I
requested to do because I would just
wanted to do that and what was funny it
was that I'd already arranged to meet
begoy bad day or the next day anyway
blood didn't know until a few days
before my guesting on which that Booga
was gonna be on the wish bus as well and
I was like this is incredible so I met
Big Oil the wish bus and sure enough he
was performing on the wish bus so we got
to listen to him live and I obviously
did a live reaction video whilst he was
there as well so that was kind of cool
Tuesday came around we started packing
my suitcases because I had way too much
luggage then I had space for or wait for
me and begorrah exchanged a few messages
and stuff and we met up at Greenbelt we
were going to visit mana again to eat
there but I think Google had some of the
ideas because I think when
greenbelts was like we were bounce 1 2 3
4 5 I think I think my name was a
different green belt so we went to
another place which was just a short
walk away right there we had a good
conversation learning about how blue boy
became a singer his background and the
whole industry stuff which is really
interesting to learn and then following
that we went go-karting and I completely
flashed them I'm a bit of a go kite
enthusiasts do you like my Formula One
so I'm quite competitive than it was
good fun we decided to try a ballute
which was to something like I wanted to
do but then when it came to it I was
like yeah I want to try there's
literally moments before I was gonna get
a taxi home to the airport I was like I
can't come and not try it so I tried
below it and it actually wasn't too bad
it tasted pretty good the look of it
looks scary as hell but you know you
just get on with it
tasting it was fine the vinegar and the
salt probably really helped as well and
then the chicken intestines pork skin
and stuff for pig skin no issues at all
so that was that was tasty once I got
home I managed to wrap all my gifts my
intention was to wrap the gifts while is
in the Philippines but i just had no
time to do it i was only there for five
days and I'm just so busy every single
day doing stuff there was just no time
so I got home and I have to say the
gifts have been wonderful some of the
gifts are here now behind me there's a
couple of mugs here we load every gene
album there's some stuff from this shelf
here this stuff was well I haven't I've
got to hang on a wall button have yet to
decide which wall and and actually put
him up so don't be talking about the
place but I just want to say a massive
thank you to everyone who's been
generous to find me a gift and there
really was no need but I know you guys
are all keen to give me something so it
was a lovely gesture and it's on display
so thank you so much for those
and lastly there was the tasting of
Filipino snacks again no time to do them
in the Philippines so I had to do them
here and it was nice trying the
different foods it was lovely to to dive
into some of the more savory and sweet
stuff that you guys have that we don't
have in the UK so it was nice to try the
different stuff that you have I'm
looking at now you're thinking hmm so
all in all my trip itself has just been
jam-packed in five days I've had an
incredible time oh I almost forgot I
have a huge announcement to make my wife
and I are booked to come to the
Philippines next year in 2018
[Music]
[Applause]
if I can go the distance I will find my
way if I can
[Music]
I can go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
