we simmilar see a lot of me you I don't
need no more numbers in the matter we
would shoot me Cupid what's going on
YouTube with Kelly what uh today we're
going to be watching a highly requested
top 10 Philippine travelers
[Music]
Philippines are you ready to smell was a
Philippines cooking you just killed a
lot right let's go now I'm going to let
you in on a little secret here the
hidden gem of Southeast Asia is right
here at Philippi my favorite of all
countries that I've traveled to it is
some of them oh my god and the only
available people you will ever come from
now before you could have water it's a
random stranger nobody give you a bit of
my background my name is Kristian
LeBlanc
has missed a lot two years travelling
south east asia and with that I've got
about three months of it in the building
is the country I planned three isn't
very good let's get started with the
model business or the famous chunk or
look for warehouse easily one of the
most popular islands is all of the
Philippines and with that it can get
pretty busy sometimes now that could be
a good thing that can be a bad thing
the great thing is you can guarantee you
can find some extremely beautiful hotels
if that's in your budget you can also
find some relatively discount ones to
the budget shouldn't be too much of an
issue here the nightly it's pretty my
god I want to be on one of those Phil
great work I've has everything from low
in hospitals all the way up to extreme
luxury hotel it can be backpacks but
definitely expect to spend a bit more
money here the island Boracay self is
extremely beautiful some of the bluest
water is you'll see and some of the
finest white sand beaches I would assume
this is how it got so popular the
population of the island has outsold the
infrastructure Ali
and times owner and just but I want to
just get on this rail is not pink to it
number nine off log-off slog extremely
well known for one thing and that is the
whale shark this is the place where you
can actually go and swim right next to
these gentle beef now there's a little
bit of contracting that surrounds us
because the whale sharks are fed but
I'll leave that up to your discretion
it's such a humbling experience swimming
next to an animal not only because we
cared about small but you record they
grew up to forty feet although it's ours
and legged eels how am I probably built
in only 30 minutes the way there's a
couple sets of waters maybe to Malaga is
the most impressively is doing is a
massive we're all like are the
commensalism now if you're looking for
more of an experience with the
waterfalls check out at Keeney's
waterfalls because you can actually
scale up them you can jump off of them
all much more interactive than just
looking at a waterfall like you do
attuma log it's definitely worth visit
number eight on my list is mallet ops
water the amount of kindly walk that
you've heard of this place before but
there's a great reason to go and if
there's one animal that lives below the
sea it very unlikely you've ever heard
of this place
but malapascua is home to one of the
most beautiful creatures i've Oh glory
if you're a scuba diver wrong issues are
up there is no fish more impressive than
the thresher shark it has a shark pill
like if I show the door it is
beautifully cutting through the water
for me this made going to Mela possible
at 100% words I think now and I've seen
is incredible but it's not the only
thing
mallet ops well island itself is
extraordinarily beautiful again if you
haven't already noticed a trend
extremely blue water fine white sand
beaches and relatively expensive
accommodation so this definitely has to
be something that you say oh my god this
is like make you want to go more and
more accommodation old art quite a car
and you would approach it is research we
even managed to find a bit of nightlife
on this incredibly dormant island my
girlfriend Laura really hit it off with
the locals haha
you'll probably be shocked that I put el
nido in seventh place El Nino is easily
one of the most beautiful places in
Philippines and arguably the world the
beauty of this place leaves you in awe
now over a cigar
the four island tour is incredible
because it lets me see if it's trillion
blue waters the jagged cliff size is
seriously earth porn it's nothing like
you've ever seen before the days in El
Nido are unforgettable because you'll
spend your entire day hanging around
these beautiful landscapes but this is
where the problems start when night hit
it becomes a bit less enjoyable thing el
nido electrical grid is archaic as best
when we backpack we spent at least half
of our nights in darkness and worse than
the dark we spent it without any fan or
air conditioning film extremely hot
facilities and when the power goes out I
become a pretty unhappy camper in
addition to the like I do honey Damon
uploaded is basically a no-go the
internet speeds are so slow and it will
drive you mad
now there are some ways you can get
around these inconveniences if you spend
a lot more money you can actually say at
accomodation Oracle track of generators
and it's a lot less health take care of
the problem of your air conditioning
going out so you won't sweat to death at
night I want to end this on a positive
note because despite all the
inconveniences of el dedo
the beauty of this place makes it all
worth it so you have to go check it out
if you end up going make sure you do the
for island tour and make sure you find
Tyra flicks if you're willing to risk
your life it's extravagant but the view
you get is unavailable the next on my
list is boho boho holds a large and
magical island there's so many things to
see and do here it never hurts to go
around with local that's how we guide in
the comment section polo park the
Philippines you're from no time hey I
want to know being a big island you can
easily spend five to ten days here the
most popular the beaches
alona beach and this is the place where
you can stay at a five-star hotel or I
guess home or Hospital the pricing is
definitely on the expense event but
nothing unreasonable also a must in
Bohol is to rent a scooter some of the
most incredible riding I've ever done
has been done here on this island
you take the scooter you drive up
further north from alona beach ejaculate
I was dating these guys don't am I here
sorry dude you know most of them speak
English simple they basically sit like
this all day but what more could you ask
for
just look at him he's chilling Monday MS
am i right
also on the beach and although I like
and I didn't love it I found it a bit of
a dirty beach for me I would prefer to a
stay tuned alona beach rented a scooter
and use it to do nature like seeing the
tired years the chocolate hills etc
you'll also see a lot of European and
spirals are a little boring building
this one here was built by the Spanish
and it was actually shook up during an
earthquake a few years ago just after
visiting the tarsiers you're going to
see the man made for and true to its
name it's a fort that was actually hand
planted by men it's a really awesome
feeling because as we drive down this
narrow road you feel like you're going
through a tree tunnel it's great for
Instagram goals and it's definitely an
awesome feeling as you're riding on your
computer after the men are for occlude
another 35
[Music]
let's just give this guy his ad money
this video is amazing this is awesome
this is just like making me want to go
guys you're sitting with me put a big
piece too late please wooden piece I
want to see when they put more part of
the Philippines they're from the
hammocks which are mostly which city or
town comes up the most yeah I'm curious
see our subscribers as well get to know
yet riding on your scooter
after the man-made for about another 35
45 minutes up north you'll be going
through what some people seemed the main
attraction of Bohol these are the
chocolate hills and you'll notice they
look extremely similar to a Hershey kiss
like there is why they all that but the
name is definitely fitting you can drive
up to the top of one of the hills and
actually get a pretty good fist of the
entire mountain range I definitely
recommend it number 5 is the places on
very few people bliss dumaguete is an
incredible place don't forget to do here
it's a place I spent almost two weeks
scuba diving and exploring it's
beautiful nature if you go to Zuma
heading you can check out kappa ROFL i
know probably butchering it but i'll
write it down below right across from
dumaguete is a short boat ride to april
island make sure you check out this
place April Islands translates into
English oh my god he reminds me of the
show from Finding Nemo well made because
everywhere you go is serious good rough
there's teachers everywhere and these
chillers are used to having people
around so they don't mind when you climb
up next to them it just makes your not
touch them this is by no means in
Dumaguete but this is once a must must
must do of ability
this here is manju yo sandbar i call
this place the my us Raley's is about a
two to three hour drive to get here from
Zuma Getty
but every single minute of the rise is
worth it once you arrive you arrive at a
little dock
take a boat across about 45 minutes and
you arrive in paradise if you have that
extra time or you want to take your
Instagram to a whole another level you
better check out mine juegos Denmark
those are just a few of the things you
can do
there's the nightlife great restaurant
promo lot of nice hotels and resorts
this is a place for anyone on any budget
number four almost on the podium but not
white cows on the balls also known as
body on canyoneering
now before I even get into this if
you're not too afraid of heights and
you're not afraid to get wet this is one
of the coolest things that you can do in
Philippine it's a whole junk where
you're guided through these very narrow
provided water flows down creating an
awesome little waterfall it's such a
unique and amazing experience that you
really can't find that many places in
the world
I brought my expenses lo mejor that
allows the waterproof housing I risked
it for you guys you're welcome
body on canyoneering is the guy detect
pain and you cannot do this alone by law
you need to have a guide and I highly
recommend it anyway you would not want
to do this alone
it's not too expensive from my memories
about 30 US dollars you get a guide and
he shows you through the canyon he
pushes you off the cliff and you even
get a meal out of it so it's not too bad
I'm already so close at how Alonso will
sketch it is a waterfall and literally
look like you take this blue Gatorade
Factory the water is just weird
fluorescent blue that looks like it
should be balls and soaks people at a
very high price the water is quite cold
a very nice refreshing break after a
long day of jumping through canyons now
I must mention that when this was built
I was actually one of the last groups
who have gone through the body on Canyon
in quite some time and I'm not even sure
if they've reopened the municipal
government shut it down because they
were worried about erosion so do a
little research
hopefully it's reopen because it is one
of the top things to do
also random insert you'll see roosters
everywhere in the building and
cockfighting is basically a national
sport
I named him Fred an entire world this
Beach is seriously old and opens up with
lightning it is my favorite and I'm
honestly Wow
they knocked on has not been developed
as a resort town this is the most
incredible landscape that I've ever seen
now if you remember we talked about El
Nido being in Devil's cry well knocked
on is about a 45-minute scooter ride
away from El Nido so again if you are on
the edge of going to El Nido consider
this you will get knocked on in El Nido
together because they're only a scooter
ride away from each other the problem
not Kahn is that because it's such a
beautifully untouched landscape there's
nothing on it there's really only a
couple guest houses with which they have
no electricity after a certain hour I
think it's up to 6 p.m. give two options
you can either roughly eat this day in a
very basic guest house on one of the
most beautiful beaches in the entire
world or you can just rent the scooter
from El Nido and drive back to your
hotel resort wherever you're thanking
Alito but one of the most efficacious
you'll ever do this island here is my
silver medal it's probably my favorite
island in the entire world and easily
the best pilot in the Philippines it is
the definition of exploring getting lost
and seeing things a few others have ever
seen before
Bosnian island is basically like work on
before work I blew up it has the beauty
that will one day become a developed
area but for right now this is a place
that you can experience to yourself
there's so much to do here from
exploring the jungle to exploring the
beautiful beaches around the entire
island
there's even goats that breathe a rose
this is lame bro there's these little
trees that grow in the water go explore
the other side of the island where
there's literally no identifiable land
runs just beautiful untouched nature
and so many kids just playing on the
side of the road definitely say hi to
them they really appreciate it and
they're a lot of fun to hang out with I
joined a few kids and play some
basketball and definitely one of the
highlights in my day it would be a
perfect Island experience without a
perfect sunset and bongseon certainly
has a lot of impact ability and has
plenty of them I don't think I've seen
more beautiful sunsets in my entire life
you really start to take them for
granted because every single night you
get a sunset that could easily be one of
the most beautiful you've ever seen now
I want to call it the winner because
everyone's a winner guys but just
kidding this is the winner of my top ten
of the Philippines cold run Quran is
definitely not easy places to get to is
pretty far north in doctors even farther
north than El Nido
it's more inaccessible than ambien and
definitely in a bit of a concern look at
that oh my gosh take like a 5 hour ferry
from El Nido or you can fly directly
from Manila definitely expect to pay top
dollar because the flights aren't G this
is not a cheap place to go now it's time
to show you why you're willing to spend
your money to come here and why you're
willing to deal with the inconvenience
of getting here co-run is simply out of
this world I can't compare it to
anything to be honest it's like New
Zealand and Africa how'd it be and it
was everything to do is rent the
scooters the first thing I do whenever I
guess when you play get a scooter go
explore this island you will be blown
away now I must say that the roads we
took on are Cooter's group we're
basically like off-roading there was
some very loose gravel huge rock that we
were driving over but the feeling of
exploring work you have explored before
was so worth it still in simple hold
they have mountains to look like the
Hershey Kisses they're not called
Chocolate Hills but they're very similar
looking when we drove down this road we
probably didn't see tourists for the
entire day this might sound scary some
of you but it's one of the most amazing
things the local Filipino people are
some of the friendliest and most
accommodating people definitely don't
take that in fasting it's an incredible
feeling of truly getting lost in a place
that you've never been
before now after exploring the rural
side of pearls for the day we went to
the more touristic spot there's these
beautiful Hot Springs where people
generally comprehend this and get up
around 5:00 p.m. you can definitely
affect me so no Robert it's a really
cool way to meet people the next day my
girlfriend and I and a couple of friends
rented kayaks and we went and tired all
the way across to a set of island now I
don't know if I recommend the kayaking
because it truly was a very very very
very very difficult workout but it's
good to stay in shape while traveling so
maybe this is the best option for you
there's also the option to do Island
tours similar to El Nido so maybe check
that out if you don't want to go through
excruciating meet in a kayak but when we
made it to the other side the work was
so weird oh my god the landscapes of El
Nido you have the jagged cliffside
incredibly blue water and a feeling of
being cut off from the rest of the world
is extremely energized it's so worth it
to have a drunk either a mojo play games
all the different colors and a new
camera but before looking graceful but
then she got bit by a fish at the
somewhat disco work why don't you go hi
their motors moment it was the best
decision we ever made
well motorboat if you liked this video
and want to see more like this
check the video link below I taught them
Thailand I have to travel the
Philippines video that actually shows
you the route that you should take and
I'm constantly making new content but
make sure it hit the subscribe button
leave the video a thumbs up and if you
want to be among the first to know when
my travelers guy comes out make sure to
sign up on my mailing with fat loss
leblanc and releasing a guy that has
everything you need to know from how to
save money while traveling
and that was awesome you know what the
last video when I really really I really
was beautiful I never threw the
Philippines being such I knew the people
was really nice I knew it would be a
nice place to visit but actually seeing
all the drone shots and seeing all this
it's crazy it's like beautiful beyond
and you can ever explain I definitely
want more personal experiences I think
my beautiful family hi guys thank you
for watching leave a comment the comment
section below subscribe if you knew we
got a lot more videos to do so I catch
with the next word
[Music]
