ah
yo have you ever wondered if foreigners
like me feel safe in the Philippines
well we will be finding that out in this
reaction video because we are about to
react to a video called do foreigners
feel safe in the Philippines FIBA World
Cup interview it makes sense to
interview foreigners during this big
event that took partly place in the
Philippines this year and by the way the
winner was and is Germany My Country
Canada came third I was really hoping
that we would win it all but we didn't
we will settle for the bronze medal this
time around but the next time we have to
get that gold medal
beat maker and content creator on
YouTube I would really appreciate it if
you would subscribe to the channel and
smash that like button and of course
make sure to follow me on Instagram at
music game news because that is where
you can DM me your suggestions and
without further Ado let's jump right
into it
foreign
guys in this video how safe do you feel
as a foreigner in the Philippines well
the thing is they make you feel so safe
man like everyone is always out there
they're very helpful you can go do what
you want in the streets people don't
judge you and yeah look I I haven't had
any instance where I felt unsafe yeah I
think the Philippines is pretty safe as
a black man I'm not really sure
oh dude we just went to the markets
tried all the street food pigs
intestines thank you for being so kind
to everybody
okay I'll be asking some foreigners to
share about how do they feel when it
comes to the safety here in the
Philippines let's go straight to the
video what's your name Marcus Eliza
where you guys from USA yeah New York
City oh New York City it sounds like the
Philippines like three months oh wow
fantastic we're gonna be here for three
months but I got here three days ago
three days oh okay as a tourist how safe
do you feel in the Philippines
so far I feel pretty safe but I haven't
been out too much as a black man I'm not
really sure but I I say pretty safe then
why did the black dude answer three
months when he's been here for only a
few days just like the the woman next to
him right because the question
specifically was how long have you been
in the Philippines and he said three
months but no he projects to remain in
the Philippines for three months weird
right
so far yes so far no complaints I mean I
do live in here it's super duper safe
there's no way you are of course you
gotta have the direction and the right
people that you're gonna I mean you're
gonna go with and always use Waze
whenever you're getting grub or even a
taxi just use Waze at least you will
know where you're going it's ways like
uh Uber for for the Philippines because
I also hear about grab so what the hell
is Waze another company you get it I
think that is an easier way for you I
mean to be traveling around and from one
to ten how would you rate your living in
the Philippines
I would give it a a good eight only
because of the rain
season exactly so I'm trying to soak up
those Sunshine hours yeah I think I'm
out I'll give it at 8.3 because I found
the sunshine hours
good the people are nice so I guess 8.3
that is so specific I mean are you guys
planning to go to any island of course
yeah
do an Excursion hop on a plane
Island a lot of clubs super nice if you
want to go to party but if you want to
go relaxing you know just Island Vibe
you know having some cappuccino in front
of the beach
you know the more I react to these types
of videos that talk about the
Philippines the less I am enticed to go
to Boracay at first I really wanted to
visit Boracay because you guys really
told me great things about it but I'm
not the party type guy you know so maybe
it is smarter and wiser for me to go to
uh islands like Palawan where it's not
super commercial like he said I would
rather drink a nice cappuccino in front
of the beach and just watch the sunset
and maybe even a sunrise you know what
I'm saying yeah
okay but if you want to have a really
Island life you know walking shortly
it's just in your underwear
you're gonna go to Chicago driving
motorbike without the shirt nobody will
stop you just having getting that
sunburn nobody shirtless around here
it's not really the one really there's
no reason but yeah in Chicago you know
like there's a beach everywhere the
culture yeah yeah yeah so danger go
super duper free a lot of foreigners
like Chicago You're gonna find a lot of
foreigners there and they have a lot of
parties you know afternoon parties
Sunset parties there you're gonna find a
lot and you're gonna I mean because for
me I live in Manila but most of the time
I'm just in like throughout I mean
traveling around the island
right in the Philippines so enjoy your
stay in the Philippines and any message
to the Filipino watching us right now I
love y'all come see Hamilton
come see Hamilton come support because
we love y'all and we're so excited to be
here okay thank you so much for that I
appreciate it man thank you so much
thanks so much thank you so much what's
your name and where you from I'm Margo
and I'm from France oh yes yeah
definitely uh I'm here since one month
and I will be here until five months wow
so which means you're gonna be here
she's staying home for a long time okay
so what brought you to me to the
Philippines if you don't mind share with
us what what brought you here why did
you come to the Philippines if you don't
mind sharing with us uh I'm here for the
work I'm GTO so it's like an internship
with my business school okay so and how
is it I mean as a foreigner how safe do
you feel like in the Philippines I feel
more safe as in France uh people are
very kind and very lovely kindly with
friends people French people and also
because I am a girl so I think it's more
easy but I feel very safe here okay I
mean in this one month have you gone to
any Island uh go to Palawan Island but I
travel a lot like in other countries
so yeah she doesn't stay in the
Philippines living in the Philippines on
a scale from one to ten how would you I
mean rate it uh if I recommend to from
one to ten
um it's very interesting first because
of the money here it's not very
expensive you can do all you want I am
French student in France that's it's
small okay so there you go yesterday I
reacted to a video uh uh that talked
about how cheap the Philippine can be
you know so she's saying obviously that
the Philippines is cheap but in that
video that I reacted to man the one
thing that shocked me it was the price
of the electricity the electricity in
the Philippines seems to be very high to
be honest that that was that was pretty
shocking to me
unexpectedly unexpected I have a good
way of life like in France with the uo
and the stuff and here the life is not
more expensive and people are American
you can go and do what you want on the
streets people don't judge you and uh
yeah they are very kind and lots of
economic reason and political reason
also it's a good way of life here okay
so which means it's I mean it's cheaper
living in the Philippines comparing to
France absolutely sure yeah oh wow okay
since you have been here for a while
which is already like a month have you
encountered any culture shock
because in France we don't have the same
way of life because of lots of Reason
like the food food it's the big shock
for me because they eat
it's food spicy yep a lot of pork
lots of Asian food like I'm not I love
it
every day in my life
because of the situation and the way of
life
it's very simple to adapt my way of life
here the other in France okay hello
hello you already have a favorite
Filipino food
I'm pretty sure you heard about it it's
not spicy it's good it's like sour it's
super duper good karikari as well it's
not special I have a lot of food which
are not spicy and I think when I like I
would advise you whenever to go I mean
you go to a restaurant you can just ask
okay can you remove the spice on the
food if it's a spicy food because the
cuisine I mean you guys I know you guys
have your own Cuisine but I like the
cousin in here it's great as well
actually like I've been eating a lot of
Filipino food okay so any advice to
Foreigner that wants to come to the
Philippines to visit an advice yeah yeah
oh I have to yeah I like to give and I
mean an example advice you would be
giving to a foreigner that wants to
visit the Philippines
prepare your trip you have to prepare
your trip before it's very important
just like for where you want to live you
have to choose the place
in advance it depends on what you want
to do and yeah prepare a lot and work
out before I came here okay wow thank
you so much and appreciate your time
enjoy your stay in the Philippines thank
you so much what's your name George
where you from and for how long have you
been in Philippines I've been here for a
week I'm uh Spanish
so have you I mean oh my God the
training I'm sorry guys it's raining
outside I mean have you been in Spanish
travel in the Philippines during the
night yes and as a story is how safe you
feel like in the Philippines
pretty pretty safe so far yeah but I
know where to go I know how to move this
because I have a friend who lives here
permanently so oh nice tips and tricks
tips and all this stuff
I mean the Philippines is not safe what
advice would you give to them
like the foreigners that they haven't
come to the Philippines yet since you
have been experienced that already I
mean try not to get scammed and
go somewhere ask if they're safe
and most importantly important I think
it's to use applications okay for your
uh you know if you want to go somewhere
to use the grab
basically don't act like a foreigner
because they can smell it in you and
this is not specific to the Philippines
you know even if you go to Algeria for
instance where I'm from uh if they can
smell the Foreigner in you they will try
to scam you I mean I also lived in Kenya
for five years and if they smell that
Foreigner that that tourists you know
because they can recognize the tourists
The Foreigner tourists from The
Foreigner who's been living there for a
while and knows how to navigate the
country you know what I'm saying so
don't act like a tourist like a
foreigner tourist you gotta try to blend
in
application or don't take for example
taxi or something yeah okay that's what
I do okay thank you so much for your
advice and enjoy yourself in the
Philippines man thank you so much man
okay he didn't say where he was so you
guys when we had the next person I let's
go what's your name and where are you
from
Jack from America for how long you've
been in the Philippines makes sense from
the Jersey from the Philippines so far
oh man it's amazing but everything the
culture the people here it's amazing man
yeah yeah it's awesome right oh okay so
um as a foreigner or as a tourist how
safe do you feel like in the Philippines
well the thing is like they make you
feel so safe man like everyone
just want you to be like I guess like
they want you to have a good challenge
as much as you want them to have a good
time you know it's amazing
yeah I guess just you know be as careful
as you're anywhere else and you know
you're fine people are really nice here
everyone's trying to help you so no
worries okay have you tried anything the
word dude on the right is not American
right he sounds British to me
no food so far oh dude we just went to
the markets tried all the street food
pigs intestine
like what else did we try man oh we're
trying to spring roll it was good though
it was awesome really good yeah real
cheap if you go to the markets okay yeah
so yeah you guys are you guys going to
or planning to go to any Island beside
Manila I don't think so man and then
we're going to stay here because it's so
full of like like so many things to do
here that's gonna be hard to even leave
you know that's surprising because for
me as a foreigner like I do live in here
but most of the time I'm just on the
islands because like here they have
beautiful islands brother like yo you're
an island boy then yeah
okay so any message that I mean to the
Filipinos watching us right now yeah
just keep it going man you guys rock
dude okay thank you for being so
welcoming man like we love this man we
love everything about it okay great
thank you so much and enjoy your stay in
the Philippines brother thank you so
much thank you so much man okay thank
you so much man see you guys when we
have the next group what's your name and
where you from uh Ryan from Australia
I've been here four days four days yeah
I mean have you been walking around
traveling around the Philippines I'm in
Manila yeah walking around when it's not
uh Monsoon or rain yeah yeah yeah pretty
season very very wet very wet but uh
yeah no been getting around and you know
safety is no issue nice we're walking
during the day and at night so no issues
they uh you know always smiling and
saying hello so it's been good okay
do you feel in the Philippines yeah look
I I haven't had any instance where I
felt unsafe so um
you know kudos to
um the Filipinos and Manila big thumbs
up they're being really good okay and
what is like since you have been here
for four days then how would you rate
your stay in the Philippines or you're
living in the Philippines look I want to
I want to get out to be honest I want to
get out to the island so there you go
you know City Life is is great but you
know give me uh some of these you know
Cebu and Boracay Islands give me those
and uh I'll be there in a heartbeat okay
at least you already know where you I
mean where you want to go I would advise
go to some islands you're going to love
it I love Boracay I love say boy as well
it's a boy you're gonna go there for the
food they have a lot of like lechon
like that you're gonna love so much meat
thank you so much for your time enjoy
your stay in the Philippines brother
thank you so much man I appreciate man
thank you what's your name my name is
Milo Kim wait we saw these guys before
and for how long you have been in the
Philippines hello five days five days
yeah yeah five times a week in five days
okay because this is not the first time
that I react to this guy this is my
second reaction to one of his videos
um I may edit this part out because he
already shared it in his previous video
and as a tourist how safe do you feel in
the Philippines
he can speak
how safe how safe walking around you
feel in the Philippines uh or not
anything just the office uh safe you
feel yeah yes oh okay so on a scale from
one to ten how am I how do you like the
Philippines uh from one to ten or ten
ten wow
oh 10 10 as well yeah okay okay thank
you so much and enjoy your stay in the
Philippines man that's it that's easy
thank you so much thank you so much man
see you guys when we have the next group
okay let's go what's your name Zach
[Music]
okay okay
I am shocked I had no idea that his
Tagalog was that fluid
whoa my technology
rewind okay so I mean as a foreigner how
safe do you feel like in the Philippines
yeah okay what about you brother same
same yeah we've been here for a long
time and nothing like happened to us
okay so nice any advice would you give
to a foreigner that wants to move to the
Philippines because as I think some of
foreigners they think the Philippines is
not safe at all and any advice you would
like to give to foreign that wants to be
walking around the Philippines at night
during the day yeah I mean just walk in
common area that all people go
unless you try those visit the place
yourself so experience that thing to to
see for yourself for yourself yeah okay
oh yeah and every place it has the
positive and negative but like in the
Philippines it's more 80 percent
positive friendly people they love
foreigners okay
um like Hospitality in the Philippines
it's 100 nice yeah it depends on how
where you will put yourself
if you will be a good person you will
find good night yeah you know you will
attract positivity and uh good people
we will play with you as well so I think
it's common in every country but like
here in the Philippines they really
respect foreigners they treat them well
they are not like uh they don't play
around they're they're happy and
friendly feeling injury is staying with
them well that is a glowing review to
the people watching us right now any
message right now
hey come to the Philippines
but in the Philippines
thank you so much and see you guys when
we have the next group I let's go thank
you so much thank you so much thank you
so much what's your name and where you
from uh my name is Ari and I'm from
Canada my name is Connor and I'm from
the Philippines
I'm from Pakistan how long have you been
in Philippines I love this mix so we got
a uh a fellow Canadian on the right we
got a Filipino and a Pakistani that is
awesome
good year now okay you live for a year
yeah you stay here almost whole life
yeah 10 years here 10 years 10 years
okay how safe is the Philippines for
foreigners
I feel like the guy who said he's
Filipino he looks mixed to me
just sing
uh I think it's pretty safe depending on
like what and but for the most part you
know all the people are very welcoming
and kind to foreigners so yeah what
about you brother yeah I think the
Philippines is pretty safe like compared
to other countries like you can walk
around that night with no problem
usually in like BGC and stuff like that
what about you bro yeah I agree in the
right areas is really safe so yeah for
tourists I think it's a really safe
destination okay
full I mean you have been here for a
year right how I mean on a scale from
one to ten how would you I mean already
like you live in the Philippines like I
would rate it at 10 like I have so much
fun here like I've made so many it's
more fun in the Philippines
from yesterday yeah that's the slogan
baby I mean
you can still do it yeah I mean for me I
would rate it at nine like it's almost a
perfect country it's just except for the
weather yeah yeah I'd say eight or nine
as well the weather's a bit bad but and
the traffic but besides that the people
are really exactly I slept the
environment the culture okay
a message to the Filipinos watching us
right now last one God thank you thank
you for everything okay what about you
bro I mean you're Filipino but a message
from you you know yeah
yeah salamat okay thank you for being so
kind to everybody okay thank you so much
brother appreciate for your time man
favorite island in the Philippines it
seems it seems to change every year but
right now I like shiragao I'm not a big
Surfer but it's a big surf Island my
favorite island as well what's your name
and where you from uh my name is Abdel
I'm from Cameroon
uh quite long though 10 years yeah 10
years how safe do you feel in the
Philippines
how are you you good yeah nice meeting
you I think everything is safe here
because you can't see security people
everywhere
um from my experience uh
uh things are quite good here quite good
yeah comparing to all the places in the
world okay so any message uh you would
give to a foreigner that they want to
come to the Philippines like not knowing
that the Philippine is super duper safe
oh you guys should come come visit the
Philippines
enjoy the people the beaches the food
hospitality
um don't don't fear anything don't be
scared everything is cool here okay
thank you so much for your time I
appreciate it man thank you so much
[Applause]
the people people celebrating let's go
hello
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Greece are they with Greece
[Applause]
people having a great time in the
Philippines
[Applause]
congratulations
congratulations thank you so much thank
you so much man congratulations
all right there you go I enjoyed this
video of his more than the first one
that I read that I reacted to and
clearly the Philippines received glowing
reviews now now
you know no country out there is perfect
so I'm just wondering if there are some
tourists that he interviewed that
weren't so positive about the country
but that he omitted from his video that
he decided not to include in his video
it's a possibility you know because
most people you know know that on
YouTube
people look for compliments most of the
time and that's why when uh on my
channel
I criticize some stuff and um honest
and and blunt you know I get I get some
negative feedback from time to time I
mean I react to a lot of Filipino
content and to be honest most of the
Filipino content that I react to is
wonderful you know so it's easy to
compliment Filipinos but you know it's
only natural for me to wonder if he
didn't include some interviews some
people that he uh interviewed you know
some foreigners that didn't necessarily
say glowing things about the Philippines
but clearly what he shared with us were
glowing reviews and really make people
want to go to the Philippines basically
it's promotion for the for the
Philippines
so now it is your turn to tell me in the
comment section below if everything that
these foreigners said is true about the
Philippines
and of course if you find Value in this
video do not hesitate to check out my
other reaction videos right here
[Music]
