last night was the premiere of the
world's best gonna end it on a
life-or-death cliffhanger oh my god Kyle
you were just so dramatic
no I'm not even kidding it was literally
life or death for the drowning man aah
this is too much drama even for me let's
take a look at the recap hey what's up
you guys welcome to the first ever
world's best talent recap show I'm
Lauren Ashley back and I'm Kyle and we
are so excited to jump right into the
show there was so many things going on
overall what were your thoughts Kyle
yeah I mean I thought the show was so
fast-paced there was a lot happening it
was act after act after act and so it
made it really fun to watch I mean we
kind of saw everything happened so
quickly and you know they spend a little
time with the judges but I don't think
we got a lot of time with the judges
which is unfortunate because we see with
a lot of these shows America's Got
Talent American Idol we see so much of
the judges personality which on the
other hand could be good for the talent
they're really trying to showcase what
the talent has to bring to the show
exactly and so the judges were drew
Barrymore RuPaul and Faith Hill and
again we really didn't hear a lot from
them I think part of that too was they
have this wall of the Worlds which is 50
people from 50 different countries and
they always kind of jumped to them after
the acts too so their time is kind of
split yeah they definitely had to give a
lot of attention to a lot of different
people I think we saw the most emotion
from faith yeah I think Faith Hill you
know was kind of an early star if you
will we also did see RuPaul say sashay
you can stay yeah he did shot Shante
Shante you stay
actually that's what he meant yeah
that's what I meant but yeah we
definitely saw a little bit of percent I
didn't get enough from Drew though I
wanted a little bit more know I was
ready for it you know this is her first
big thing since like 50 first date so I
was
resume yeah but who I loved was James
Corden I thought he did an amazing job
hosting he brought the energy that kind
of like rivaled the pace of the show
definitely he carried the show yeah his
back like he was so interactive with the
talent and you know I loved how he got
in on some of the acts
it was amazing to watch yeah when I when
he tried to break the board Taekwondo
that was awesome he talked about lower
Andy when he talked about joining the
TNT boys I mean I think he just had a
lot of little moments that were awesome
he definitely did so we're gonna break
down how the show is run for you guys
cuz I know it seemed a little bit
confusing Kyle take it away yeah so it
seems kind of confusing but it's
actually really simple so each of the
judges gets to vote out of 50 how much
they like and act after it happens and
the average of that score is the first
50 for whatever act it is the other 50
points come from the wall of the world
which is 50 people who are from all
different industries and things we saw
you know a UFC fighter it was one of the
biggest names in Brazil we saw different
producers choreographers I want to give
one shout out to hop from America's Best
Dance Crew I saw him he didn't get to
say anything but I'm sure he's gonna
give some amazing advice throughout the
season exactly I wrote some dancers or
things in there definitely and so we
have this huge wall the world and so
they all either vote yes or no so each
act gets one point for every yes vote
they get from the wall of the world so
again you take the 50 point average from
the American judges and then add one
point for every person you said yes in
the wall of the world and that's their
total yes so basically you have to get
75 points as a combination from the
American judges and the wall of the
world and that's how you advance into
the competition 24 acts will advance to
win this big million dollars exactly and
the next round we have is the battle
round they said so that's just kind of
what they tease we don't know a lot
about that yet but it definitely seems
like the competition's gonna heat up
real quickly it already is and we cannot
wait to see where the competition we're
gonna start off with the best of the
world's best that's basically our top
three from the show
and our number three this week is Minami
Ito the violinist from Japan
[Applause]
she was phenomenal she had a great story
I loved just like watching how emotional
all of the judges were yeah absolutely I
think everyone just instantly broke into
tears I mean it's kind of an amazing
thing to see her up on the stage with
one arm playing violin and especially to
hear a story about the car accident and
losing her arm is really emotional on
the stage
it was definitely emotional brought
tears to all of our eyes and did you see
the set the set with all of the flowers
and like it's amazing it was a beautiful
performance and I think she did really
well playing violin which is the biggest
part of all this seriously seriously
yeah it definitely proves to that you
anything is possible if you need an arm
- yeah and that's kind of what was
inspiring about it I think definitely
now let's move on to our number two toys
awesome Mongolian cowboy
[Music]
[Applause]
as a Mongolian captain yeah it was
pretty crazy I mean we first walked on
the stage it was kind of like okay like
what's he gonna do that's kind of part
of the fun of the show - yeah I love
that they don't say like well they did
kind of tease the fact that he may be a
vocalist or something like that
yeah and they talked about how he didn't
know English which was insane yeah I
couldn't believe it he had a translator
when James was talking to him then hops
on stage and has this deep Scotty
McCreery
yeah like country twang totally the the
killer though for me was when they asked
him if he knew what he was saying he
said no not really
he had no idea so that means he was just
mimicking exactly what he heard yeah and
it was pretty incredible to see I mean I
think all the judges reacted pretty
strongly to it the wall of the world I
think everyone turned for him oh yes yes
remember that one guy the one guy that
did not vote for him like yeah and he
was like crouching down like yeah this
is not a good moment which I kind of
think it's cool that you can see how
everything lights up because then you
know who didn't vote for you exactly so
it's kind of a fun little twist on the
normal you know America's Got Talent
here's the judges just voting for you to
kind of see visually like okay these
fifty countries aren't saying yes and
it's kind of exciting like when they get
to the 75 points it's like all of these
things just popping around it's so
exactly yeah weird it's a weird like
Deal or No Deal oh man like what
briefcase can I write next yeah
definitely all right so now we'll move
on to our number one choice the TNT boy
[Music]
they were so they were and honestly like
even despite the fact that they were
like children their harmonies were
insane like I was watching dream girls
all over again there were three of them
it was perfect exactly they listen by
Beyonce so it was literally a dream girl
song was literally a dream girl song and
it was a dream yeah I mean the craziest
part was I was watching with a few of my
friends so is it right after the Super
Bowl and one of them was like puberty is
gonna hit these boys hard but I think
their range is good enough to where they
could probably yeah that their range is
insane and so you know and I feel like
they definitely benefit the fact that
they their voices haven't changed yet so
they have this insane they can literally
hit the notes that Beyonce hits which is
unheard of not to mention they commanded
that stage I think faith even gave a nod
to one of them walking out and just
being like this is my song I'm here this
is what I'm doing they killed it yeah
and then we heard from the choreographer
who I think was from Germany who was a
choreographer for Beyonce and he was
like yeah I think Beyonce would love to
have you on tour like you're like nine
and ten years old and this guy's telling
you're going exactly so I think that was
insane definitely and the boys were so
just the way how grateful they were like
thank you thank you exactly kept saying
it over and over again I think a lot of
us had seen the viral video of them
singing before and so this was just that
kind of like coming to fruition and
seeing it like live on stage I think was
awesome and they moved right along in
there which they definitely should have
moved along I thought they should have
been the first act yeah they you know I
think the no rag on the touchline
no group they were great too but the TNT
boys really brought it I think they got
a 50 or 50 and then a 48 from RuPaul
which can I just say this real quick row
why didn't you give the boys a 50 things
wrong SD like I just feel like they were
giving them so much praise and being so
kind and then you give them a 48 exactly
come on like you had nothing bad to say
but you're gonna give them 48 I feel
like you just leave me a little room for
like something that could be like
perfection but I don't know that felt as
close to it as it's gonna get I
definitely mean I would have to agree
the first
they got a 99 as well and I think what's
the first act it was really really cool
I just felt a little underwhelmed yeah
kind of like you're flying through the
air this is awesome I can't do that
James Corden can't do it either
yeah he tried which was awesome but I
just I don't know I just maybe it was
because it was the first act they were
being overly generous yeah and then we
have to talk about the last moment of
the show they had to leave us like that
yeah you know I think this whole show
and like the pacing of it and definitely
the energy that James Corden brings and
everything you see how much you know
just how lively this show is and
especially because it was premiering
right after the Superbowl that's like
the biggest time slot and TV to Phil
ever and so I think this definitely
brought that yeah and I definitely
encourage people to tune in again on
Wednesday because it ends on this moment
of literally life or death where you
don't know if I think it was Matt
Johnson
yeah the drowning man is he going to
drown basically it definitely keeps you
on your toes like to talk about that
excitement I can't wait to tune into
next week to see if he actually gets out
of that box
exactly I just can't believe that they
like you know what I do think though you
know how Matt he said I can breathe
underwater for a minute in 30 seconds I
feel like that might be like a part of
his ruse like he can actually be
underwater for two minutes so
everybody's like oh and all the teasers
they were kind of showing him like
banging on the glass and you know this
has to all be part of this take yeah it
has to be and he's gonna get out of that
box also he may be giving James Corden a
run for his money cuz he's hilarious
here yeah so many things to say
he was like cracking jokes making fun of
James Corden like who are you dude yeah
and I feel like that's the moment
everyone is talking about so it ended on
this high note of okay is he gonna get
out he's gonna get out and it was like
commercial break what steel problem for
the rest of the season I was like I
wasn't ready hey that's good television
exactly it was entertaining yeah so
every show we're gonna have a segment
called breaking it down
which is where we just kind of go in on
one of the acts that we saw last night
yeah and so last night the act of
running over is the space cowboy from
Australia guys honestly cringe cringe
cringe cringe cringe I could not watch
it as soon as I saw him come out I was
like oh I know it's about to happen here
and you see this wall of just light
sabers I don't there's no better way to
put it then he talks about having the
mic on in how will hear his gag reflex
this is my question sir why do we need
to hear your guy reflexes or just why in
general I it's already like really gross
already and then we have to walk watch
it while getting I just I'm exactly and
the fact that it was like lit I mean
that was cool okay just see his like
bones and pain I guess that's cool and
then he did like the huge sword on the
uh it was just blows once he was the
only act that didn't make it through
last night right that's kind of sad but
it was making you anxious and
uncomfortable to watch like wow Matt the
guy that the drowning man it was
uncomfortable it wasn't like oh my god
like is he actually gonna hurt himself
I'm totally different totally different
type of thing but yeah this space cowboy
while I feel for him because all the
things he was doing were cool yeah look
impressive I can't swallowed 29 swords
alone I don't know who can do that but
it's just I don't know that I could have
sat through another act when I did not
yeah I did not want to see him swallow
29 swords and then it's funny because at
his exit interview he's like I had so
much more to show them I'm like really
what did you gave away your world
record-breaking swords all talking what
else are you gonna do sir exactly talk
about editing to how they cut the
commercial break when he had dropped the
sword from his mouth and the beer kegs
on the side I literally thought people
were tweeting like it's this guy okay
did I just get injured on national
television right in front of our eyes
yeah and I think that proves the
drowning man probably not gonna drown
from how they cut things but if he did
that would make in her tank yeah I mean
I wasn't
I don't feel good about what no no I
definitely will not feel good about
watching it but space cowboy did not
make it through there are a bunch of
amazing other acts that did we want to
know what you guys think about the show
who are your favorite acts what did you
guys think of UNK and the violinist and
even the space cowboy yeah I mean I'm
sure there's a lot to say about him and
then also as we look forward to the rest
of the season
we've seen some acts teams we saw a
contortionist in the promo video who
looks insane we've also heard a lot
about a singer from cos ocular cuz I
cast and there we go we do my is dommage
who is supposed to be insane he has this
crazy range yes like two million
followers on IG he's already this
international support of been blowing up
our pages yeah wrote an article about
him so you can read more about who this
guy is click the link above yeah so
there's a lot going on this should be a
really exciting season and I'll
spearheaded by James Corden yeah bring
the show I think definitely thank you so
much for tuning into our talent recap
show for the world's best we are so
excited to bring you guys another show
on Thursday yes and tune in with us the
rest of the season we'll be recapping
every episode as it happens so join us
later this week we'll see you then
[Music]
