literally it's like lightning and
thunder every few seconds
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
good morning guys what's going on
welcome to a stunning day in LA I own
the Philippines we just woke up and
checked out of the beautiful hotel the
vessel hostel here which was a very
comfortable today we actually had a dome
type roamed with four beds we were three
people who had the place for ourselves
where our private bathroom toilet shower
really nice the things actually made of
containers it's a container building
it's really cool and the roof deck is
stunning so so nice right now we packed
all our stuff in the car and are gonna
head to see birds for a quick little
breakfast then he wants to have a fruit
ball and after that we're gonna go to
Mass a bake house because I want
something savory I don't like sweet for
breakfast Alex Avery and then we're
gonna see how the surface if the surf is
good and there's not too many surfers
out there we're still gonna do some
surfing today later this evening we're
gonna head back to Manila just because
tomorrow the weather is going to be bad
and loud yawn it's going to be
rainstorms pulling in thunderstorms so
makes more sense to ride back to Manila
later this evening of where all the
traffic and have another full day in
Manila to enjoy before the next trip
start movie beautiful Sun yes I have a
blog what's up Shama cute Obama Rob did
he have a good night's sleep yeah really
good yeah rooms are nice right yeah very
comfortable yeah I was laying in the top
bunk bed and it was super super super
comfortable I love bunk beds yeah for
change it looks it looks quite small
yeah points are huge
[Music]
level is 100 because having a suitable
for breakfast so I'll show you the
smoothie Bowl in a second this place is
so cute and I love the lampshades it's
very very chill my cool music
I only satvinder on how coffee
[Music]
they don't know all right I'm gonna stop
you right there lady it says on the menu
wait not again I spring island it's very
interesting it's cold with coffee fresh
coconut milk vanilla sugar cane syrup
and coconut shreds that's that's not
coffee that's like a sugar explosion
that's a dessert what about five years
old
[Music]
[Applause]
so we just came to this cool place
that's called masa bake house came
highly recommended from the guys who the
curator we ordered some delicious
sounding measures hopefully there are as
delicious as their song we got too much
for EC IDs which is kind of a burden
upon me we got some we're gonna
margarita they make their own pizzas
here so sorry margarita people just came
out
all right let's give this back
[Music]
the door is super nice little bit of a
crust at the bottom cheesy
I really like the sprouts that is one on
top so satisfying okay I'm gonna give
these out on sardines a try they make
these studies in-house
we're huge fans of soybeans
[Music]
[Music]
and here we have the indigenous Arctic
Santa
[Music]
yeah to survive in the cold months yeah
all the long periods with no food he
tries to keep some of its food in his
here we pull a two-piece thing we've
teed it looks like what up
[Music]
get some lime up with us and then take a
big big big crunchy bite of us have you
serious
super crunchy mmm oh yeah
[Music]
oh my god we had such great sorry about
that guys
we had such great food at Mozza bakery
highly recommended if you come to learn
you own definitely go to that best food
is amazing coffee is great people are so
friendly now we've come over to clean
Beach Cafe the strip is turning out to
be all about coffee and food as so often
is on this block Wow but look at this
beach wow so nice
[Music]
so we're taking it very easy here at
Nanyang it's such a chill vibe we just
ate good spent some time by the beach
now we found this spot that is really
quiet Mike and well off in the ocean I
don't know I would say we are just all
in for peaceful vitamin C and Mike and I
already discussed to buy a surfboard so
if you have any recommendations were so
if you have any recommendations where to
get nice surfboards that we can
eventually hang in our apartment and use
it as decoration when we're not using
them let us know we are coming back for
sure so this is this is a little getaway
by the way we are putting together very
short videos with a little guide so I'm
doing a I'd say three or four spots you
have to check out in Laurent on our
Facebook page so if you're not following
us on Facebook yet please do so as
always you will see all the behind the
scenes in our Instagram stories so if
you aren't following us on Instagram yet
please do so because we're trying to
give you a little bit more inside of
what's going on behind the scenes and
how the blocks are actually coming to
life
it's so nice yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
current situation another way home we're
on our way home and it seems like the
end of the world
the dreaded storm that everybody was
predicting on the next of the past few
days has finally hit land
literally it's like lightning and
thunder every few seconds
it's raining a lot
[Applause]
yeah
cool
[Music]
[Music]
