oh that is so nice mmm that's really
good mm-hmm that's what she said it's a
video
[Music]
[Music]
good morning guys it is a blazing-hot
today and today we've come out to Quezon
City for a very unique Filipino food
experience
we're actually here today together with
the travelling spoon and we are at tsuki
market we're going to buy some
ingredients and then we are going to
prepare under supervision Filipino food
which we'll be eating for lunch we're
not here alone today we actually here
with Sophie from everyday TV so real
quick Sophie for those that don't know
you tell us who you are what your
channel is what you do every day me and
my boyfriend Nick we live in Manila much
like you guys we just explore the
country basically we yeah we love to try
the foods mostly that that's a that's
our favorite thing yeah you told you
especially love the Pilate I'm happy I
did it then of course our host for today
I know but just here okay and then we
have here our host for today maybe tell
us a little bit about yourself okay I am
easy and I'm one of the traveling spoon
hosts here in Manila Philippines and
today I have Nelly Mike and Sophie to be
do as my guest as my traveling studious
and they're gonna be experiencing this
market were cooking experience in my
home and of course there we're gonna be
eating all of it today terrified
it's a video so we bought a ton of fresh
produce at the market unfortunately that
didn't allow us to film inside the
market I don't know why but some of
these places are really strict rules
about cameras which is really weird
because essentially it's advertising the
place but anyway the market was super
clean super nice actually it's one of
the best smelling wet markets that I've
experienced so far in total so I really
loved that we bought a few ingredients
that we're going to cook today is shrimp
squid bunch of vegetables and now we
came over to a Chinese market and I was
very excited to see that they have a big
big bottle of my favorite mayonnaise and
I also might have found my favorite
chili sauce in here we'll give it a try
led to make sure it's the one but I
think it is yeah it was good it was very
good I haven't actually been to a wet
market before I feel like I've lived
here a while I should have been but this
is my first time and I'm now just really
excited about having some Filipino food
[Music]
so easy how often do you go to the
market per week usually we go at least
two times three times a week I like to
buy my fresh ingredients we don't really
stop in our house our usual cooking time
would be three times a week you can tell
we just reheat
we make it fresh and then over the
weekend we like to eat out you like to
explore the weekend markets and just buy
coke lose or whoever is new there we
like to try but still
meaning what we like to do
what would you say is your favorite
Filipino I would say seasick because
that was the first one I tried and
enjoyed because MMA gives me good
memories because I tried it in Subic it
was like a holiday environment but I
love adobo I love them yeah I'm shaking
oh yeah how about you Nelly it's
very simple ice and everyday dish
basically every day
so you guys know of course what my
favorite dishes its Letran but there's
another dish and I've mentioned this a
few times in the vlogs Nikki that's
creeping up to like number two slash
number one surprising heat its sinigang
I really really loved sinigang and I'm
so stoked that today we are going to
have a from city garage which is called
because sinigang was on my list of
dishes to prepare at home and today I'll
actually learn how to make it the proper
way
[Music]
alright so we just came back to Easy's
home we just we're making friends with
her dogs up time two dogs here and some
ingredients already here excited
yes very Hydra men sleep how do they
like the juice very good very refreshing
yeah sometimes it's oh that's oh the
juice is better then there are local
orange here in the Philippines yeah and
I also make some kinda messy because we
have a lot outside you guys can have
this I'll get some more apron a year
it will do sunita tangy fun some nice
all which means it's our shrimp and sour
soup with our local miso here in the
Philippines with all these wonderful
vegetables and then we'll I'll teach
them adobo who set which is adobo with
squid and it's one of my favorite dishes
and they will just have some slicing
some salted eggs and reheating the beef
machado which I made ahead already
and for dessert they will have the
cotton fruit the sand dollars they could
try it for the first time and then
calamansi pie this is pretty much our
dirty kitchen I love to have all these
ingredients ready
every time we cook here all the brands
and the products that I make also for my
home-based business everything happens
here pretty much use this for everything
every dish that we make here at home
this is the most used tool in this
household this is the machado of course
this is so much better to eat like a few
days after there are few weeks after
this someone that is tired of the many
dishes taste better a few days off here
as well yeah pretty much but today the
adobo percent is very straight up
coconut vinegar yeah of course we have
the sugar cane vinegar yeah that's all
over the country but Oscars coconut
vinegar as well but this one we're very
lucky that my mom's friend owns this
this is a very organic farm in Sorsogon
so this is where the my own volcano is
this is one of the last provinces in
Legaspi region and they make this
coconut vinegar and it's the real one
because it's not yeah clear so we don't
love clear vinegars here I know beans
cigars actually it's not me cooking
today I'm gonna be behind the camera and
I'm gonna be watching melis every step
of the way Nellie's the star of the show
today and Sophie obviously my name so
this swing beam is actually the secret
ingredient for this spinning gun right
it's what makes it so uh you know this
is the reason why I cook many prepping
vegetables yes I think there's a better
way to peel an onion right um it must be
some kind of last heck yeah
[Music]
application for the job
you should try it or fermented rice yes
very very good with Letran we wrap it
just like how the Koreans are doing it
we wrap it in like this big to salad
green button electron put some of the
fermented rice amazing you know dish we
love to ferment rice of course our
vinegar solution anything that's all
before what before the Spaniards came in
we've been you know marinating in veneer
we didn't have wraps we didn't have
children's we didn't have one over there
so you know it is in clay pots and just
fermenting in the clay plastic of course
the shrimp is that those are fermented
also we've been fermented because were
just salt we have been in the back over
here
so today the sinigang is the star
because we'll be doing it with shrimp
which is also
so sinigang is usually well Filipino
dishes are usually just one pot dishes
and just put everything and just put the
lid and that's it just leave it alone
but of course we love to serve a we call
it a side so we always have with the
guinea sour mix which is beautifully
garlic onion ginger tomatoes
of course Chili's is a because we love
chilies in Argentina so first step would
be sauteing the onions tomatoes and
chilies and then we'll add the hard
vegetables beans the radish and in the
farro and now we'll add the we'll just
simmer it up and over add the shrimp and
then we'll add the rest of the other
regions the eggplant
and then we'll of course end it with
pepper and our fish sauce anymore
normally it's just sauteing
a lot of garlic I have already some
garlic that we're gonna be adding up to
this I love to make garlic oil already
so and also make the garlic sauce
already and then we just have a that and
then we add this and then we'll add the
vinegar the coconut one we're gonna use
today and then today I like to add
coconut milk so this is a dog bone push
set with get back so that's a dough go
of square in and we add coconut now this
is a synonym :
so since we have a lot of Sun with all
the cotton fruit we make this we grate
it and then we cook it in a lot of
lemongrass and coconut milks it's a
condiment it's also a dish on top over
rice
it has shrimp paste also that's it's the
umami flavor of the
so we just tried the coconut milk
it's incredible well I mean how how
could we miss out on this missus if you
haven't I need this next next week from
the mosh pits straightaway yeah yeah so
good so but you have to try as well pina
colada so the first dish is served we
have the secret key shrimp sinigang yeah
looks amazing okay so obviously the
first dish that I have to try is the
synagogue oh nice a really nice thick
broth it smells so good
I mean finally we have you have the
knowledge how to cook it at home exactly
very well-balanced it's a really rich
broth very flavorful it's got a hint of
acidity in it and you can taste the
prawns
yeah so then we just pick these up from
the market this morning so all the
ingredients are super fresh absolutely
love it yeah I think he wants it to try
they're doable
yes yes ma'am
I just mentioned earlier on that this is
a very unique adobo anything like adobo
I know it yeah I don't know I'm just
gonna forget the rice purpley color okay
mmm
that's really good that's pretty like
disappeared in my mouth
that was so soft that was so good oh
yeah and creamy okay so so Fitz thinks
they want to sing oh that was a very odd
transition so delicious that yakisoba
sings you want to give yeah yeah what's
the proper tender beef man I mean
chatter met righto man Charles met
alright so we used to make beef student
is kind of similar to this one right
remember when we were in Austria it was
a Jamie Oliver recipe so wonder if it
tastes anything similar like that
mmm-hmm-hmm yeah he was some right it
tastes a little bit like goulash
but it it doesn't have that much of a
prick on it but from the taste profile
it's sick
mmm very good all right to top
everything off all the amazing food
we've already had now we're finishing
off with the calamansi why a famous
calamansi paya
mmm mmm it's almost like a key lime
really yeah like key lime pie sober
there's a consistency of a cheesecake
almost but it has this really beautiful
citrusy flavors
I live for full cakes like this this is
my absolute favorite no that was an
awful lot softer than I expected any
like it was gonna be really really hard
but that was really nice and really
really creamy that's what she said thank
you so much for the incredible cooking I
mean these dishes were stunning really
nice experience
thanks for fingers around the market are
you really cool thank you so much and
you're always welcome to visit me here
again to taste other of our meals here
or other things
also tomorrow consetta alright guys this
was an amazing food experience going
through the whole steps from going to
the market sourcing the actual
ingredients and then seeing how a
professional Filipino cook actually
prepares these traditional dishes was
amazing to me I can't wait to try and
cook the synagogue myself at home and
luck intolerance quite a few things
today I can't wait to try that synagogue
hello
so we've linked all the details to this
actually you can just book it it's the
traveling spoons you can record the
links all the details down below it
thanks too easy for all the amazing food
and for those great experience easy
actually does a lot of things she's a
professional cook she creates her own
chilies ketchup sauce a lot of things
you do so many things that's incredible
we're happy that Sophie made it into our
vlog so guys if you did enjoy the video
be sure to give it a thumbs up subscribe
if you're new also head on over to
everyday TV subscribe to them tell them
you came over from making it happen we
will see you guys in the next vlog same
time same place remember to stay awesome
be positive and make it half my constant
thing is are too sweaty yeah
make it happen
[Music]
okay
[Music]
come on
