can I take this without the marble you
didn't find the solution I found the
solution I'm really putting it in the
bath this is what is typical this is
typical couple situations right in the
god stuff
now we're counting points who wins which
battle
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
Oh
hey what is up guys today Nelly and I
are out and about here in McCarthy on
our way to green belt to finally take a
look some furniture for our Manila
apartments today we are actually walking
along this Skyway along Delarosa Street
it's the first time that we get to use
it it's really nice shady if it were
raining you'd stay dry which is really
cool yeah there's like murals this
graffitis murals on the walls here which
is cool so right now we are a way to
green bath because there's a few
furniture stores that we want to check
out there we're going to bring you guys
along and we're not going to be actually
purchasing anything today we're going to
be asking your guy's opinion of a few
design ideas that we had and a few
furnitures that we like so it's going to
be more of an interactive thing it's
very hot it's so hot so I just saw one
of the murals
up there that said smile more I took
herself in a super cool I really loved
it and see it says never get so busy
making a living that she forgets
wise words
just like that we are breathable and
it's so cool because you don't have to
look on the road at all we just have
access to like the way it's more quiet
they're less people so we're going to
have a look
I hope I can make it to other base
we're actually looking for furniture
wipers
well actually I really love the way huh
or Miami apartment smelled so I'm just
looking for smells that are very natural
very nice
so this looks like a very good source
for okay I need this chair I need this
chick decoration with the flowers
I'm just here trying milk and you'll be
ask yourself why am I trying milk well
that's nice when we get our pump and set
up and we get our coffee machine I'm
gonna need a high quality milk for my
flat white they really love their
brother blunders where you be put it in
the glass so I'm really happy I think I
found a non supplier for my coffee needs
and also they have cheese that have
Butterworth mold on salts which is like
amazing so they deliver to Makati that's
perfect and they use glass bottles which
means eco-friendly I'm sure they're
upcycle the bottles as well so it turns
out all the shops that we want to go to
are in a completely different model we
came to green valve for my I was
supposed to be a glorietta five three I
don't know we got a walk a while but
it's not a problem because it's nice and
shady here really nice it's just like
this whole neighborhood like spread over
kilometres it's just one big mall and
then behind that is just another big
mall so it's just you walking for hours
and you're just in a mall stove yeah
it's love and left them all pretty cool
definitely definitely a good place if
you want to spend money
[Music]
so guys we find it like it's taken hours
for us to get to first base actually
look at stuff what we come to hmmm home
because hmm home has really fashionable
cool stuff at a low price so you can get
really like the nice fancy looking
things that just look and feel great but
it's not expensive like cool it kind of
like the kea syndrome
it looks really nice it's not expensive
many and I don't like to spend a lot of
money on furniture and decorating things
we like to be more flexible we've got a
bit of ADHD so every few weeks or months
we like to change things up and mix it
up change the colors change the
decoration so this price category is
really good for us also Mike I'm really
sorry that it took us I think 45 minutes
to go from the other points it was quite
it is just it's crazy so many more with
so many shots I I got so lost then I got
really first rate I can only imagine how
frustrated you were so I hope you accept
my apology yes okay I like these kind of
things like
[Music]
okay so this is okay so the bathroom
that we looked at has pink tones so we
definitely want to do like sand colors
and maybe add some dark green color to
it as well because the the bathroom has
this color and I think this looks really
nice
[Music]
so we just got to grab from McCarthy to
BGC because there's a few stores that
want to look at yeah I think that's
where we're going to see the interesting
inspirations for the apartment really
stoked about these successes and then
you've got a big grin on her face
[Music]
so this is definitely
attitude that's
yes but maybe even not something that
goes up against the window looking up at
the sky wow that sounds amazing I can
see that this is perfect what's on sale
I don't sale I don't see expensive
calculate actually it's not that bad
it's not that bad
the espresso yeah hmm and it has the
golden elements as well
well it looks like it's a model table
yeah now this is another one of those
cases of I don't need it but I wanted
this table and I can tell you why I can
show you why yeah the card when you're
done boom
actually I need this this is amazing
yeah I really like the color that's so
like a ritual kind of design yeah I just
wonder if it fits to the floor
yeah a place that we decided to take
really like this how much is this you
used to edit in a in a chair yeah in a
lounge like a sisal are yeah I think we
need Archie like this so comfortable
yeah I'm actually also comfortable with
the price yeah yeah it's like the one
that we had in Miami priceless that's
okay okay that's in our budget we are
not wealthy people pace ourselves this
is cozy
yeah really nice I also like it's not
too big but I feel like you know I feel
like I need to make a 3d plan Sam yeah
and I also feel like we should face the
couch towards the view like we had it in
Miami yeah I really love this definitely
yeah
guys what do you think of
just hey let me know this is a great
idea what do you think it's just like a
novelty that you like now I'm beginning
and then it'll get bored and you won't
use it I feel like I'll be using this
like all the time just not having the
laptop on my lap but just sitting on the
couch watching something while the
laptop is on the table yeah that's
actually a great idea because we don't
we are not going to buy a TV so I take
this without the model well I think also
another thing is we need to we need to
set a budget for furniture yeah and then
get that make the furniture work in that
budget so maybe get this table and
cardboard boxes to sit on yeah I'm
definitely a fan of these huge bureaus
[Music]
and I don't know if I want the working
desk in the living room well we spend
most of our lives working so why not
work in the living room it's more like
having a reading corner
[Laughter]
okay so we've made some progress the
workspace is not going to be in the
living room in the bedroom because the
bedroom is huge
why but why force yourself to put a desk
can be like a working place when there's
so much space in the world but you were
you were gonna put it somewhere else you
weren't gonna put it in the master
bedroom and didn't say I wouldn't put it
in the master bedroom so we both just
discovered that it would be good in the
master yeah actually I said you should
put a master I said let's not put it in
the living room okay you didn't find the
solution I found the solution I'm really
putting it in the bath this is typical
this is typical couple situations right
in the god stuff we have it in private
but we have it in work as well so we
have to negotiate the wrong work because
we work together and we have to
negotiate around apartment as well now
we're counting points
who wins which Bethel it's just the
logical thing to do I wouldn't do it
like that though I'd separate it from
because we've got the cupboard space
here and we don't need that much
cupboard space so we can put in light we
can make a beautiful amazing desk where
I have an idea so I definitely like the
scouts because it has a kind of Assessor
Mars over here it has like a lounging
area it could essentially just lounge
and I actually spend most of our time a
large part of the couch
yeah with a cat here
here so look this this would be
something nice this really would be
something nice I don't want to get a too
big of a college I'm never like when
living rooms have a too big of a couch
and I never like who would live in one
to have a huge TV I don't other most of
the people who'll come to our place when
most of the time in the kitchen so true
there is no point in getting a big card
we've got like a nice bar kind of action
so with stools people will be because if
people come to our place it's either me
making coffee me cooking or me making
drinks all of those things I'd be doing
in the kitchen so yeah I do all the
culinary thing yes yes so comfy right
what is it price-wise
that's a good point too dark Nelly so
another thing we have to keep an eye out
is I'm coming in slow more now but we'll
play this in real time if it flickers or
not and you don't see it on camera I
have to look in post-production of the
figures are not talking of the bar
situations this is super super like it
could also be like a alternate work
situation and a picture oh yeah
definitely see myself sitting at the bar
I like it as super comfortable for
Bastien yeah
luckily I can't see the price
so definitely I'm definitely not going
for a glass table no prince would drive
me insane yeah so my mom used to have a
glass table and it was always kind of an
issue so really not I definitely need a
plant a place for like my beverages of
whiskey area maybe they'd want a bus
yeah but something of this yeah yes I
really love these dishes so so cute oh
and I definitely want some plants
although they are dying and I don't have
a green thumb so maybe you guys can send
me some recommendations helps you keep
plants alive nice
it seems a picture small
yeah it looks tiny tonight actual night
doesn't look that more with you on it
yeah but it is it's not wide enough I
just discovered the best thing ever
the big Chi but
yes we do it as well oh yeah those yeah
guys check out how many people still
lining up to go to Shake Shack it's
crazy
oh look at these good cookies and look
at me
they look very friendly don't laugh
every night they entre
so usually Nellie and I are very much
into shopping for furniture at IKEA but
a lot of the shops that we looked at
today are really tempting really really
nice so yeah we got some great
inspirations we fell in love with a few
pieces of furniture already so yeah
budget sure well there are a few shops
that I saw as well thanks to you guys
but we weren't able to see all of them
today good coffee at Toby's yeah so
we're gonna grab a quick coffee at
Toby's before that look at the kitties
take it easy
oh you think the funny leg thing oh no
we just saw this place it's called P
Cara and it looks very tempting that is
a keeper or a coffee and house
all right perfect you want token
together no it's fine do you want coffee
I'm good okay you can do it again
Nellie's gonna check that place out I'm
gonna grab some coffee
guys I'm so excited for this move to
Manila can't wait to show you the
apartment that we want to get can't wait
to move in a current way to start
actually buying furniture exciting
exciting times
but now Tory's estate
thank you
[Music]
sorry I couldn't wait to have happy hour
that's something yes how is the old
fashioned I haven't tried it together I
waited for you
[Music]
for those of you who are long-term
long-term viewers you might know the
record for a friend of ours in Miami in
the cotton brothers brothers
yeah so it seems like this evening is
getting better and better because I just
tried smashing
[Music]
and
[Music]
alright guys our days very often end
differently than we had planned them to
today's they ended by I was wanting to
look at more furniture but we discovered
another amazing food spot and drink spot
evidently where we stayed for for old
fashioned to bezel smash with makers
mark whiskey so at the end of the day
both Nelly and I have had incy wincy
little bit too much to drink so Oh back
in Miami
so Miami like it got it was like high it
was very very cool cool atmosphere cool
everything guys if you're new to the
channel just subscribe to turn on
notifications thank you for all the
support everybody that is subscribed and
everybody that has the notifications on
and everybody that comments on the
videos a special thank you to you thank
you and God bless
if you're new to the channel please
subscribe if you're not logged into
YouTube please do it right now it only
takes like one second unless you don't
know your password then it takes maybe
one minute to log in and subscribe and
support us as a channel remember to stay
awesome I just finished the vlog but I
[Music]
you
[Music]
