today we're gonna be eating one of the
more controversial foods in the
philippines in this video you're gonna
see a rare roasted creature most
filipinos would also consider a pet
help me dear god survive this but first
let's back up a second
just a short drive from the philippines
capital of manila you'll find papanga
the province most locals consider the
culinary capital of this country
this is the place where they invented
cece i got the treasure right there guys
go for it i'm a little bit jealous what
the heck there's food here so unique
well you can eat the arms apparently i
think i'm doing it so unusual you won't
find it anywhere else hello there first
time seeing you please
today i'm on a mission to experience
papua's most exotic meat selection
it all starts
here we've got this right here oh i know
this one chicken skits yummy
in this market we'll start the day with
a delightfully bizarre fried treat that
locals are losing their head over but
before that an appetizer
i love this skin so much and here you
guys were like why even eat the meat
because with us we don't want to waste
any parts of the animals where is the
meat by the way um where's it hiding is
it exported
it's so like over fried that it almost
tastes like pork rinds yeah pork chicken
can you hear it like
when you crunch it meet pat luck 24 year
old producer and model agent born and
raised in manila today we'll be trying a
lot of firsts for us both there's a bit
of a theme today it's not just food in
papua but it's some of the more exotic
extreme things that you're going to find
in the philippines or elsewhere
and so i don't know if this food is
going to be extreme for you for you
maybe it's no big deal chicken
intestines that's like an average
tuesday what about chicken head never
had that yet
that's what that is this is the chicken
head chicken head discarded in many
parts of the world while yrc chicken is
selling over 10 pounds of chicken heads
each day but not until they dress it up
a bit
here they coat the head in flour and
deep fry
this is one of many unique offerings
here at toto beets market a collective
of over 20 street food vendors
there's a couple different sauces here
this looks like vinegar sauce and then
this is sweet chili sauce so a couple
different options here
it mostly tastes like fried goodness
surprisingly it tastes like chicken it
tastes chicken
oh do you see that why is that that's a
brain oh wow here have that piece thank
you so much yeah you're so welcome stick
your finger in there you can peel it out
with your finger oh my god it's gooey in
the inside that's what i'm saying see
that is all just brain matter that is
every embarrassing memory the chicken's
ever had
creamy very creamy rich buttery almost
the taste of the liver but like more
creamy yeah i agree it has a little bit
of that like kind of minerality to it i
gotta say i'm pretty impressed all the
flavor is just masked by that fried
exterior and then even if that's too
much for you you just give it a little
bit of a dip
you did a great job i love already that
it's our first food and you've never
tried it before even though you've been
in manila your whole life i'm in my
twenties gonna live my life to the
fullest sure yeah and i'm old and i've
lived most of my life i had a good life
so if i die today
our next iconic location found a way to
turn this into one of this country's
most beloved national dishes this is a
historic location especially in the food
history of this country but before we
talk about the food this restaurant is
known for i want to ask you an unusual
question
why are filipinos so obsessed with
chicken ass
it tastes good
whether it's chicken head or chicken ass
folks in the philippines will find a way
to make this under-appreciated meat into
a masterpiece here it's marinated in a
secret savory sauce before being tossed
over charcoal i don't even know what
chicken-ass look like without the
feathers and all it's done
this is actually the bum right here is
like a pointy bum because that's where
all the tail feathers would be sticking
out of
[Music]
wow
you don't have to tell me twice
this is unbelievably juicy yeah there's
a unique combination of fat and protein
and skin altogether so when you bite
into it really explodes with some juicy
flavor i bet this is yummy with rice as
well we're in the philippines
everything's yummy with rice
that's just kind of a starter we're here
because we want to talk about sisi
the original recipe for sisig was breed
into existence here in 1974. she tried
how to utilize the big ear so that will
not go two ways to mix it with other
meat parts serve it to the guests and
they loved it
[Music]
had no idea her remixing of affordable
humble ingredients would transform her
into a culinary legend it is everywhere
and it's remarkable because the
philippines is an archipelago with
hundreds of islands and i can hop 20
islands away and they're still going to
have cece today lucy's granddaughter
carmina is keeping the legacy alive now
cece has taken on a life of its own and
they make it differently sometimes they
put an egg on it sometimes they put
mayonnaise how do you feel about that
mine is original
because i know that people will come
here for the original season pretty much
all sisig you find around the country
will have fried up pieces of pig face on
a hot cast iron skillet but the og the
one that started it all begins with the
whole pig head cut down into more
manageable portions then plopped in
salty boiling water for over an hour
the head chunks are chopped down even
more and cooked again over charcoal
before it was made to treat dizziness
well i heard it's a popular drinking
food right yeah so in that way it is
kind of treating dizziness yes after
roasting is time for the chopping block
where bits of forehead cheek chin and
ears become lost in a mutilated mash of
face parts before hitting the cast iron
skillet along with onions chilies
vinegar and salt
this is seasick and all other seasons
can kiss this cece's chicken ass
the time has come we're waiting for the
cc okay pretty epic it's like filipino
fajita it's so oily like mine is a
volcano of pork grease i have a
calamansi here this is to give you a
more sour taste oh i like that you
filter the seeds yes i can eat it right
away without any water it is hard to
believe that this is all just a bunch of
mutilated pieces of face they chopped it
really well yeah you wouldn't know no
here it is first time eating the
original cc let's go for it
[Music]
that's delicious first of all it's like
smoky from the cast iron it has that
wonk hay kind of flavor to it yeah this
is tremendous i mean it's just rich
decadent oily over the top i need the
rice right now because it's so rich
the guy behind you got three piles of
rice
it's basically he got cheesy flavored
rice i mean he has so much rice over
there what's this maybe this is the ear
i think i got the treasure right there
guys go for it i'm a little bit jealous
what the heck it mells in your mouth is
it an ear i think it's an ear it could
be a nostril for all you know as long as
it's yummy
i think this is like a good meal after
their day's work after a day's work it's
new what time do you quit working oh
really it's a lunch
many foods in papua have roots that go
back to colonial times in times of
necessity in times when resources were
limited folks had to get creative with
what they have the food in pampanga is
very distinguished because the spaniards
colonize us for a very long time they
train filipinas to be their cook on the
other side we also have this side of
poverty during the war so we were able
to create food from the farm over time
this magic that could be worked with pig
faces or chicken butts became part of
what's now known as kappapangan cuisine
i'm here today to learn more about your
food she's here for free food
you have a couple different things you
have frog and then you have some bugs
those are mole crickets more quickly
hello there first time seeing you
the mole cricket found in rice fields
after harvest season that's between
august to september this is a cap and
pagan treasure so you said people are
flocking here from manila to eat these
yeah they cannot find it just anywhere
and they know we are a kapampangan
restaurant so they expect us to serve
camarou first fry onion garlic and
tomato this recipe centers around
dressing up and incredibly affordable
readily available protein source add
some salt some fish sauce and that's it
i would say most people in manila
haven't tried this before i think this
is the first time that's in front of me
help me dear god survive this you can
see there's tomato onion garlic just a
load of seasonings in here i got a big
fork full i'm about to fork myself all
right cheers cheers
[Music]
mmm fascinating flavor is out of this
world yeah the flavor is good the
texture is something different i mean
the body it's big abdomen it's just
filled up with this liquid and these
flavors but they're still like the
little legs so would you say that this
bugs you
i'm leaving
i have an idea i mean they're the
experts but i think if you put peanuts
or something else in here crunchy
chicharron then it could blend with the
texture then you would kind of forget
about it it's a bug that it's a bun if
you enjoy eating crickets you have
something in common with our next food
the frog
our authentic way is
mean stuff frog with ground pork carrots
onions and it's belly yeah it's like a
thanksgiving frog do you need to do you
need to that's all right that was good
in a bowl of ground pork he adds the
local herb alagoa then onions and carrot
mix and season with rock salt and pepper
now this mixture is stuffed into the
frog somewhere around where the head
used to be
you have to be very careful so that the
stomach will be intact so normally if
you were not stuffing these people would
just put the stomach open pull out
everything but since it's going to be
stuffed you've kind of just cut it off
from the collarbone and you're stuffing
it with another animal originally we
also used the smaller frogs used
a large frog
a smaller frog bathed the whole frog
fire in a blend of vinegar salt pepper
and garlic for 15 minutes
then it's one last swim
boom our next meal it's right here this
is it this is it well no there's more
after this but
[Music]
this is one of my favorite things i've
ever seen i'm not sure how to start i
want to just take a big bite out of his
belly but first i'm just going to eat
the front arms off
[Music]
oh you can eat the arms you need
everything apparently i think i'm doing
it
the bones you're turning the dust in
your mouth it tastes a little chicharron
you know crispy patta but like mini
crispy pasta it's like the world's
tiniest crispy papta brilliant all right
this is the bite i've been waiting for i
think we just dig in let's go for it
[Music]
that's so awesome and weird that's not a
frog anymore hello sunshine hello
i mean this is the new contents of the
frog belly who knows how many insects
and flies and mosquitoes were in there
before but now it's like the last thing
this frog ate was a giant pork sausage
they transformed it into your turkey
thanksgiving yes for me the spine is
kind of big i'm not gonna eat the spine
i'm gonna eat around but it's pretty
easy to do to eat around it
i gotta say the word bizarre actually
fits here it is bizarre it's strange but
it works we've come a long way so far in
this video we tried a lot of new things
and actually i'm proud that these are
all things that you've never had before
but we still have one more place to go a
place where they eat
pets
today we're going to be eating one of
the more controversial foods in the
philippines as i understand it many
people in the philippines consider this
food this animal we're about to eat a
pet that is correct it's more like taboo
here in this particular area in angela
city can you reveal unless what animal
are we eating today
um rabbit
okay i feel like i'm way more
suspenseful than you
the chon is a beloved crave worthy
national dish slow roasted pork stuffed
with delicious seasonings herbs and
spices with roots in kapa penguin
cooking oh my lord here in lieu of pig
we'll experience rabbit chunks i've been
cooking more than 30 years i do a lot of
experiments i just came up with this
recipe and so far so good a lot of
people they like it
[Music]
[Applause]
the cleaned and skinned rabbit is
marinated in a mixture of soy sauce
black pepper salt and his secret spices
for three hours next it's stuck with a
stuffed with chilis star anise and
lemongrass before the first aid kit is
brought out and the rabbit is sewn shut
with steel wire something tells me even
these metal stitches can't save the
rabbit now its skin is brushed and
basted with soy sauce and coconut milk
this is rabbit lechon perfected by chef
calvert malaya owner of ravi chong food
hub if you need to baste it if you need
to do anything let us know i see you're
kind of keeping an eye on them too yes i
have to all right because it's very
delicate because cooking this is a lot
more difficult than pork pork just has
that natural really thick sticky skin
and it's almost hard to screw it up but
with the rabbit how is it different it's
not too fatty so it tends to dry up and
burn real fast all right from here he's
going to finish grilling them it's a
very delicate process i don't want to
interrupt him too much i'm gonna let the
man be and focus on his meat
and soon we're gonna try it out for
ourselves
though it's not a common protein source
in the philippines i must say compared
to heads bugs and frogs this rabbit is
looking darn tempting
as it rotates its skin darkens and
shines like midwestern chicks on spring
breaks
when it's complete he hacks it up plates
it and it's ready to eat we've got
rabbits behind us we have rabbits in
front of us and then a multitude of
rabbit dishes starting with the
chicharron
it's very thin you can see it's not like
a pork rind which is a bit thicker yeah
and puffy it's very it's really light
but when you smell it it smells like the
regular chicharrones it's like a diet
chicharron yeah
mmm i think it's like a little bit more
than pork smelly to the pork similar
it's not so intense
it doesn't taste like that sinful right
diet chicharron that's amazing besides
the chicharron he's made this papa itan
or bitter soup it's made with intestines
but the real flavor the bitterness comes
from the bile
it's usually made with goat or chicken
but here your only option is rabbit i've
had papa eat them before right it's
actually my first time
the comments on this video are gonna be
like this lady has literally not had any
filipino food oh no well we're gonna get
a real close-up on your face and see
your first impression let's try it out
i hope
[Music]
that is sour sour and bitter though it
hit my throat i used to really hate
anything billy well i'm coming around
now and i think if you cook it with the
right balance of other ingredients it
can be pretty good
overall what do you think yes no overall
yes i would eat this with a rice here
this is the main event first of all this
is what the rabbit looks like right here
what i love is that it looks like a
shrink ray gun which is used on a normal
portland zone and it's shrunk down to
this size oh but it's not that hard
crispy yeah more leathery i would say
here this is the skin let's do it
thin chewy sweet savory
it has a ton of flavor because he's just
basting the heck out of it oh you're
going for the meat
it is white meat it looks almost like
chicken breast but more juicy
it is super clean and they say the
rabbit meat is more healthier and they
said there's no almost cholesterols in
it right i'm going to try this we have
some skin and some meat together here we
go
even better even better
this would be good for any event like
birthdays or christmas yeah or like a
birthday party you could start with like
a petting zoo and end with um
dinner i think we did a great job i'm
very proud of you today thank you almost
everything in this video has been new to
you so that's kind of cool from here we
need to finish both of these rabbits
before we can leave because we don't
want to waste our god's creations and so
we must consume them all best ever food
review show is a small team of
independent creators and everything we
do here works because of you guys click
the link in our description to join our
patreon and receive exclusive benefits
of peace
[Music]
is there a cucumber in this is it yes
i'm gonna kill you don't worry it's a
local producer not someone i would never
kill someone from my own team just like
the spanish taught us we i just want to
fix his hair and blow it around later
you're going to be like why did no one
say anything we also have other
creatures potentially we're going to try
something like frog wow am i going to
kiss the frog that's completely up to
you or you do on your own time during
your five-minute break is all up to you
like it's instagramable like it's like
your mini teddy bear it's like hi how
are you doing here
boom guys that is the end of our video i
want to say a huge thank you to padlack
thank you so much guys for inviting me
it has been an eye-opening experience
and a mouth opening experience am i
right is that a real laugh yeah okay
you can follow patlac right here on
instagram here's her handle type it in
give her a follow see what she's up to
on a daily basis gentlemen polite dm's
online keep it together be a good
representative thanks for that
oh never mind she i think she does want
the creepy comments all right creeps
pile in go to her instagram enjoy it's a
free for all that is it for this one
thank you so much for watching i'll see
you next time
and then we usually say peace at the end
okay
all right good oh can we do the piece
again nope
