[Music]
no no okay baby you go oh my gosh is
back in this video my goodness guys
don't leave any comments she hates the
hey come and that's actually doesn't
come on any of my videos anymore I know
well I'm so happy we're back we're gonna
be reacting to Quentin Jala be Valentine
series 2019 proposal I already reacted
to choice she watched a virgin actually
Anthony I want to react to the other two
that are in the series proposal and
something else so we're gonna react to
it together we're gonna react to
proposal and then the next day we'll
react to the third one which we before
will be next blue Cebu proposal Lucy
Boone will propose to shine out what
guys I'm very excited to the video
let's get into it and if you need
to my channel this is subscribe button
cuz we're on the goal to 50,000
subscribers come in with you wanna see
next like the video for more and share
without further ado you said it shine
because I have you bad back and guys we
have lolly on our channel so go check
that out as well me and China if you
want to get to know the both of us so
she got channel let's do it we're so
tired are we gonna cry oh
that's good three two one and go
[Music]
do you remember you have to go in that
[Music]
inspired by a true story babe but if
this is awesome babe
I'll always have Jollibee it needs to be
more location as honestly like every
corner it so is just the next afternoon
was really fun
[Music]
but papa
do you understand them train yeah
there's some sometimes oh no this isn't
my favorite thing Shadrach said I feel
like you would do that to me I would do
that to any day
oh it looks different oh I can feel like
it sir oh man that the girl I think
that's super over there with me or
something I don't think so oh maybe at
least he has the smiley face I would
just put yes or ye actually uh
nice that's so long to type on the old
texture yum burger Angela vegan the
young burger we did Jambi once at the
Super Bowl party yeah so guys upload
that blog maybe next time we get into a
fight bring Johnny back in biz man you
know why can't I grow that kind of
facial hair that's a good style though
that's a good like hairstyle that's a
good face
this is I put on the damn Apple products
at the Philippines they do like best
friends friend-zoned that's what you
don't want to eat after work are you
with that
no one else it is a boy
Bay was one of the Glitter it's not like
a big crush on in high school yeah I've
locked that so I could we could do
something like this not slow modem we
could this level oh my god I don't how
much John will be do you want some
happiness I was expecting a beach
vacation or something like that oh I'll
bring you food everything gonna be cool
Heidi has a boyfriend
that's the thing Oh what what now I know
I know I know I know I know okay so any
been three years though
[Music]
oh goodness evil continue lawyer
I bet relatable and Brett what our
circumstances all another's anniversary
there's choice which when you already
saw and his anniversary Linux
immediately after so anything me maybe I
have a serious question to ask you right
now no no okay baby you go first for
this good I need that there's nothing oh
my gosh Wow okay so the turning point
actually happened very early and scene
yeah normally it's like 3/4 like for
example in choice where the actual girl
was actually dead they tell you in the
beginning but I wish we got to know
whatever happened to that girl yeah I
totally agree with you shine
another thing about that was just the
fact that like for example if that
happened with me and shine if I proposed
to shine and she didn't say anything I
don't think we would stop talking you
know like we were trying to talk
and further growing but from that kind
of ending it just assumed that boom met
over like she might do a different state
or something
it depends on relationships he said that
girls really didn't want to work up but
if you could say that to someone like
you talk about it usually say really
ships here usually it's not a big deal
like if you're not ready for marriage
it's fine
oh yeah it's hard these days because
sometimes you feel like you're ready you
don't know your buddy you feel like I'll
take the bow here and now the song might
put their banjos but and then when they
go like there's a lot of divorces these
days and all them okay that's a one
other subject
the point is shine and I long story
short at the end of the met at the end
of the video the message was and like
you're always gonna get a heart rate yes
yeah you can that happen to the both of
us and then no gather alright guys thank
you guys for watching we're gonna react
to anniversary cuz our one-month
anniversary is coming very soon give me
some give me some a video but come up
for that too so you're gonna want to hit
the subscribe button you're gonna want
to comment what do you think about the
video like this beautiful more and share
P so guys they also I'll see you on the
next video
[Music]
