okay welcome guys this is Mountain cloak
firing range is one of some truck driver
I got a tricycle here 100 pesos from my
hotel Apollonia Royale
it's about armed ten minutes away or 10
or 15 min swing Mountain o'clock okay
the reason why I like this range so much
is one of the most professional ones
I've seen in used in Philippines and
like exaggerating some other low safety
standard these guys are pretty good
the facilities are still a huge as you
can see they cater for a lot of people
let me move okay and they also do
professional training events that's why
it's a huge so they can do firearms
instruction qualifications as well
qualification training unit for the
military employees okay guys there's an
old mp5 check in the drive part which is
pointing down range in a safe direction
okay so we all know it's good yeah
classic absolute classic I love this why
mister I mean so much trouble to come
back into the engine the starter to me
this is actually an Israeli one Israeli
manufacturer okay it doesn't have many
markings at all it just says 9
millimeter on this side and then that
you're a number of shots I'm so I wasn't
sure what it was very minimal they
refinished it they've handed it that's
dead girl obviously it had the full auto
trigger group if you come in you say
semi-auto 3 round burst I love that full
auto very low recoil it's very nice
shooter it's all deep but agree let's
see if we can open this bad boy up now
this is HK pushpins I actually miss cook
them for bobby pins I thought that was
like lot bobby pins but just give it a
push and we'll see you for that even
yeah ok here's the first one as you can
see much of the camera faces we've got a
little captured captured pin on the side
or wire even just actually become known
as HK teens even if it's made by an
online collection so you just need use
to hammer these last ones a bit tight
we're going to use a punch I'm going to
give it a little bit of a hammer
started okay here you can see hopefully
I don't screw it up yeah so they get one
landing - by the way guys I'm sharing
this news some of you might find this
interesting
okay see that really you know it's just
like sheet metal now it's funny
the Germans crowded by the Germans
originally by Hitler and clock or Hickel
at one o'clock in German Hitler and
course we have to use accent or heckler
& koch in english
some people debate how to say just say
hm k now the point is the russians were
making stamped sheet metal ak-47s so I
said hey how can we make a stamp sheet
metal gun as you can see the receivers
will see em sheet metal but ironically
Germans being Germans they mounted very
complicated so became more expensive to
make the technology myths is used in the
g3 rifle and other similar like
seventeen spanish cetme rifles opposite
here in the mp5 submachine gun and is
even like the HK 21 forgive me there's
different machine guns that use this
system
but anyway this I think it's roller
locks delayed blowback there's a
technical later sad but anyone see and
what's great is like you can get up to
market accessories with ar-15 salt offs
or folding socks or no socks at all
whatever you want to put on it okay and
also while we're out at the magazine
these have been on very nice these are
like anti top design such an old design
before the Magpul PMAG before these
fancy magazines way up 15 parity which
they are but hey this is stamped sheet
metal pistol magazine I mean some
machine gun magazine basically pistol
caliber that's what they could suck guns
or submachine guns no real real singer
and I'm
all these LEDs are being called pistol
caliber carbines whether it's getting
civilian shooters anyway
I'll stop gabbing as you can see I can
remember grad jobs but I'm maybe a
little awkward he just pulled off edgy
capped at really typical HK they became
famous to this it's also a trigger unit
meaning you can pull this out so imagine
in the military or police armor could
just pull this out put a new one if they
wanted to change the like to have to
round burrs or just single shot or just
to maintain it look at the springs very
nice Justin Lee known for being very
reliable very simple um if they do get
dirty you just get a rag please wipe it
okay so you guys should be afraid of
maintenance just don't be afraid to
watch it just wipe it down put some
fresh oil if you don't have any paint
the oil put motor oil okay I said it W
afraid to use oil anyway again - broken
it okay is your refill spring you need
to be conscious Ostroff your pull-up
yeah sorry the charging handle push her
back no nope yeah there you go
this is one of the most expensive pieces
of the gum cement but what is the most
expensive piece of manufacture
particularly the bolts in the mouth look
out complicated it is but it's very very
nice I won't go too far because I want
to screw it up the husband gets on these
little blocks have these skid pads that
way it's less Rick ssin and these
interface inside here
you can see leaving section here if you
come over you this rides inside here
said locks inside so that way it's got a
little bit of flexibility a little bit
of plane but it won't go anywhere
and this recalls backwards now the
problem here is being peacefully goes
bang blows back bang blows back
educate said how can we delay that we're
going to delay that to reduce recall but
put more energy coming at the barrel so
very very clever engineers you see those
rollers see how those round pieces in so
those rollers lock inside the chamber
very very clever that way there's no
need for a gas piston this is not a
piston this is just a an actuator for
the charging handle and just extra way
to slow the ball down see and they well
I show the camera can focus and see how
they close later see very clever so as
it goes into the chamber it goes gives
it a little push it locked in bang and
then the recoil well you know what maybe
it's the reverse is very forgot that
wrong but on loading out you know it's
very very interesting so because that
yeah
no need for direct impingement gas gas
tubes or gas Pistons and are absorbs the
recoil that's not perfect they do we get
fouled up you got to keep them clean and
on they can still break and malfunction
too and hopefully I haven't broken this
one ok ok
I'm going to put these that way back
together
yep he say that the rollers were getting
stuck yeah just just like what I'm
saying see guys like that if you look at
the rollers and they push and then lock
inside the chamber like that but anyway
I'm not sure that's sitting out like my
fingers are in the way
okay so let's put this bad boy back
together there you go even the charging
handle went all the way forward okay
it's fine again I have to haven't broken
it if I have I guess I boarded Oh what
am i doing okay there we go
I nearly lost the guts Morgan but I'm
yeah I just find it interesting some of
you might find it interesting - okay
cool we use the small pin you clear on
the other way
I believe you can put it either way huh
it doesn't matter which one here it just
seems like that side
okay so I'll do it from you oh well
what's up thank you and it's just a
buzzword okay it's pretty simple once
you get used to pretty simple you just
like and I'll see some Magnus yeah give
it a good watch give it a good wipe give
it a good scrub and it's in fresh well
okay and I'm just going to do the same
give it a little tap a little bit of
encouragement okay you know not the
inner hearts just to give it a little
push just control stick not a good thing
just make sure it's not confined
okay I'm just going to function check it
to make sure I haven't broken it
dry-firing
and I'll just make sure the safety works
good seems I he's working and pull back
on the Timmy
that has a surprisingly good trigger
that sometimes they go really mushy
triggers HK unknown for the fancy tree
but it's good to clean very clean hi
guys I'm going to stop loading up on and
hit the bus book actuator so if you took
turns down make a compact alright
what's this it you press that tab and
then you can pull it up yeah very cool
we cool I want to I want to take this
home alright thanks for watching okay
as you can see we're shooting cheap LED
reloads with a Teflon or painted coating
this reduces lead exposure as you can
see there's a marring that's from the
fluted chamber of the mp5 I forgot to
mention that the chambers have a flute
cut to help increase reliability it was
a band-aid fix just because there's
different types out 9-millimeter
ammunition around the wall there just
ensures that it can extract a bit more
reliably the stuff worked I mean they
reload fine too it doesn't affect it yet
it leaves a little mark as you see it
leaves a little marring or scarring
whatever you want to call it but I still
reload fine
they still reload and work just one okay
they don't need to be too paranoid about
it I mean your particular chamber may
vary depending on model and maybe it
maybe it's even worse or less than you
it's no problem
[Music]
the
maybe
[Music]
me
he can be
[Music]
[Applause]
not on my purse I'm gonna do a little
drive-by practice just get used to that
bills get you through the trig on now
maybe you love our budget could you do
it with a peaceful rifle anything
[Music]
ironically it's so compact no you keep
it all makes little dribble of library
quick look the events of it come under a
coat yeah we pick it up very quickly so
ironically on action funding it's not
weird because I've been getting into
right but anyway in upcoming let's get
unit on the course of semi auto single
shot see that I just happen it's
downloaded the magazines are so full
they cannot go on a seated forward bolt
okay like an open bolt
another looking cat don't be afraid to
give it a tug as well put it in and give
it a tug just make sure it doesn't fall
out got a squishy applies to rifle okay
now I'm going to go hug okay just
getting you to just warming up you can
use real like this because I want to say
wonder downrange you want to say so
forth for you patrolling looking around
and you're freaking cool and pick up you
know but see you is on God to you
controlling no idea it goes slow guys
just look but Hollywood you have to go
Fox just gets less this training
especially just among people
yeah but the long easy to shoot pistol
but hey that's not a bad thing
yeah I'll really want one okay and we're
out
magazine good good okay so I'm going to
go to burst one up I'm actually holding
on the lower torso of the target one two
three do you just rip them up very nice
oh yeah no malfunction okay okay
I think mega around done up on the
magazine yeah I think of the magazine
could take a big angle to finish up get
a couple left good come with Party Time
magazine I want to finish up some pork
pick it up okay
it isn't all the gun it is full auto it
does get a lot of use so what happen
I'll let it so it was just a shell
casing so I think it okay I guess I was
a failure to eject well maybe but why
you check one more point out one more
came out okay that's why we do the whole
check it 100 times you know let's just
be cool we want to make sure there's
nothing worse okay oh we have one wheel
mag basically the last couple of rounds
recover and bliss
[Music]
and I carried away with both fires uh
this is my last chance but anyway left
the holes no malfunction okay I'm going
to go forward I just use them up as any
couple no she read good very nice very
smooth very cool very nice shooter
manda I'm going to steal this something
to take us to heaven
Breanna it'd be fun
okay so here's the mp5 target I was
actually aiming here purposely so I
think I was shooting low we're not going
for headshots they were dropping low I
think I don't know maybe they went high
and they missed it all together and then
obviously for full auto and both files
actually holding here I'll go in here
and just letting them drift up letting
that muzzle rise there very nice it's
still tight look at combat effective
even under burst fire or full auto it
still does effective hit all the right
spots
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you
