who what's up everybody it's your
friendly neighborhood hug Knuckles back
again with another live stream as always
by my side hot Sam Hi Sam and today is a
good day I don't know it's a good day
pretty good day yeah all right dumb
embarrassed we haven't eaten yeah we've
been we've been out and about doing some
things and we were gonna grab some
people we're like we gotta get back in
live stream well let me pull up Chad
here I saw a bunch of people on YouTube
chat give me a one second and we'll get
this all set up here
get it all pulled up
get it all pulled up man all that
nutrition
word
I don't know how bad this is going to
look for a second but
there we go
I'm back in it
widen our frame a little bit couldn't
see us as well now we're now we're both
in frame real good what's up nothing
saying what up chica Simon what up dark
I'm gonna pull this up
not up top of my head what but it's not
off the top of your head
turn off desktop audio turn that bad boy
back up down
same as all dressed up
seems like someone dressed up somewhat
dressed up all right let's go back
through these because I haven't seen all
these oh snap harambe is first up in the
chat Master what's going on we got
Dashie we got green fire we got make
Elite game controllers Daniel we got
William we got Abby we got uh edrick
Philip Stevenson we got cow Senpai we
got Michael Rutherford we got a bunch of
people up in the chat we have a lot of
people up in here
what's going now will Morrell Jenny it's
going down Jenny says hot Sam hence I am
hot well cold gummy bear
gummy bears and cloak zero not a sponsor
official dinner of Champions yes at the
moment I love that you're like Coke not
a sponsor oh that was some funny stuff
we'll talk about that in a minute yeah
um
okay
so we had a cool day do you want to talk
about what we did today sure so my shirt
is basically like it's this company
called favor that we just started doing
um together and basically like people
put in requests for deliveries and so
like places that don't really deliver
like McDonald's anywhere anywhere
anywhere it's like anything delivered is
like the slogan so basically like it's
through an app and like
um people put in like this this request
for an order and I go get it we like not
a sponsor yeah we shop
um at Walmart for groceries basically
and just bring it and deliver it to
these people and it's so fun basically
we've been delivering stuff to strangers
we've been taking things as strangers
and it's so much fun like it's like I
don't know it's really fun you meet a
lot of people and it's just I don't mean
anybody but I bring it to the door and
everything he kind of like just helps me
do the background here's our thing so we
found out there was this deal
that we could do this delivery stuff
which we've actually had stuff delivered
while we're on stream we've had people
we're like we got drinks and stuff
delivered because we're doing a stream
we couldn't leave yeah and uh you know
she had talked to one of the delivery
girls and she was like really nice and
they kind of hit it off in text and
she's like hey you should do this let me
give you this referral code or whatever
got her hooked up it took a couple
months yeah and also you waited like a
month yeah but like there's like a lot
of steps but like you know with
everything that was going on and stuff
it was kind of like man I don't really
have time but like I don't know I just
felt like I could fit it in and it's fun
because I mean some nights they're open
till two and it's like I didn't want to
make time yeah I'm lazy but um but then
I was like I don't want to do it now you
know and so it's fun because we can you
can there's a couple ways to do it
you can get a set schedule
um which unlocks like weekly or whatever
right yeah and you can like schedule
yourself ahead which is ridiculous if
you're brand new because all that
stuff's taken you can get Early Access
if you have scheduled shifts or whatever
you want better shoes but like if you're
just a newbie when those schedules
unlock everybody already has Early
Access yeah like today it unlocked at
nine and like I woke up and like went
straight into it and like every spot was
taken yeah and I'm like
they got it all over the country I think
they have it in Austin they don't have
it all over the country it's just Texas
right now right no no they have it all
over there's it's small segments of
different places all over the country
really because the only places like San
Francisco let me look they live in like
San Francisco and it's all over but it's
only like small areas
um I thought it was placed in Texas
right now I thought they had like a list
of like different things maybe it is
just Texas but I thought they'd a list
of all these cities oh yeah it's just
all over Texas yeah
maybe it's just because I'm thinking
like Dallas and San Antonio and Houston
are so far apart that it's like you work
there you had an orientation with them
well yeah actually like you did that one
fact I said Texas no they don't it's all
over the country I thought it was in San
Francisco for some reason no Uber is
there maybe that's what I'm thinking
yeah Uber Eats Uber Uber Eats is in San
Francisco but not Austin or it's an
awesome business Uber Eats is like their
competitor it's like kind of their
version except Uber Eats only does food
though right yes anyway it's really cool
if you don't get a scheduled shift you
can get like on demand so like last
night we didn't know what we were gonna
do we're just bored like hanging out so
we're like hey let's see what we can do
we made like 20 bucks for like an hour
and a half just hanging out yeah and
literally like for a lot of it we just
sat there in the car waiting for someone
to place an order well I'm talking about
last night we made like 20 bucks yeah
um today but that was fun like we get to
go to Walmart Yeah we actually did stuff
last night we went to Walmart and
shopped like literally all we did we
went to Walmart we bought like five
things and then we went and got some
tacos yeah like that was it we made 20
bucks the one thing that I will say is
like it sucks because like we are
starving and like we were like getting
Chick-fil-A for people and I'm like
today made a deal where like they were
giving free Chick-fil-A sandwiches and
uh free meals if you don't know what
Chick-fil-A is we're actually gonna make
a video soon yes we're gonna make like
uh our our first I think it's gonna be
our first like
um food Vlog yeah that's like not Jelly
Bean yeah um we're really telling you we
just kind of did because everybody
wanted to see us do Jelly Bean but now
that everybody's into that I think we
might do yeah either Whataburger or
Chick-fil-A yeah we're really wanting to
do some like
like some more like Regional basically
yeah Regional like because Whataburger
Whataburger is like Texas but they have
some in Oklahoma don't they or something
like that Whataburger's like mainly a
Texas thing and then Chick-fil-A is
pretty Regional we have them in Illinois
now we have only had them for like
four years I think or something we'd
only had the one bias for like two years
when I moved here
um Sonic was another thing that was
really Regional but just kind of moved
up there like it has been up there a
while now but that was more of a
southern thing for a long time yeah In
and Out Burger that's in Texas now but
it wasn't for a long time we had that
one that was like
way off somewhere in Texas but I'd never
seen one in Illinois I don't think there
is one yeah I don't know if there was it
wasn't by me
um let's see what's
going to say about we're just
not what's going on we've been doing
deliveries for this company that's why
Sam's wearing this shirt
um just something to fill the extra
spare time what's Whataburger it's like
what a burger like what a burger but
they call it Whataburger I used to think
it was Whataburger too whenever I was a
kid it's like the best it's straight up
like really really really good yeah we
have Whataburger in Oklahoma it's not
really good what it's because you're in
Oklahoma they don't they don't send you
the Texas fresh stuff you got that
Oklahoma second day
we we send all the second day uh buns
and whatnot oh my gosh Whataburger is
like the best
Whataburger Burgers they're like the
best in my opinion
um
yeah so I think it's like something like
around this like little Dome area yeah
um I know we definitely didn't have them
in Illinois because when I came here
everybody on my Facebook uh they were
like friends from uh back home and stuff
they're like you need to draw
Whataburger if you're down there like
that's the thing to do and I'm like that
sounds first off that sounds like the
dumbest name for a burger joint like it
just sounds cheesy yeah you know what I
mean but it's like and their buildings
are crazy they have like like A-frame
yeah also like um big red and Dr Pepper
so like Dr Pepper was like created in
Waco which is like where we used to like
live and stuff and
and so like big red is kind of like
a drink that is a Dr Pepper product that
a lot of people don't know of and
whenever I lived in Illinois with him
like it was so hard for me to find big
red but now it's easier for some reason
so I don't know if it's becoming like
more popular or whatever up there but um
we were watching Parks and Rec
and they had a two liter big red on a
table on one of the desks and I thought
that was super cool because like it's
like you know Indiana and I don't know I
just thought that was kind of cool let
me see if I can uh
yeah what I'll do is I'll save this
um
[Music]
here
okay so I'm gonna pull up an image of
what a Whataburger looks like because
they're kind of weird looking to be
honest
it has like an odd shape to it
damn
what a burper
big red is good says Daniel
um let's see what's going down where did
I put it no Fuddruckers is a bad Burger
name boom I love fun so this is guys
this is what Whataburger looks like
ish
um that's that's roughly what it looks
like
and this is what it looks like when
Sam's there
ah no
there we go looks like it didn't pop up
there we go that's what it looks like
with Sam's there
what a burger man I really wish I was
there right now like I said we haven't
eaten like all day so we spent like the
last two we were our ship was supposed
to be our shift her shift was supposed
to be over at seven and we didn't even
like get the order until like six
something so we were basically doing
this until eight well it was like you
said six something like like something
yeah yeah it was like 6 48 650 something
yeah but anyway basically seven o'clock
kid that we had to drive to Narnia and
then come all the way back here we were
gonna get food but we didn't want to
really start uh much farther after eight
o'clock
thank you for enjoying pianos this is
one of my favorite snacks I love piano
yeah those are the greatest I want to
get more of those I want more of those
and how do you say boyang because I feel
like people were making fun of me for
the way I say boy blame how you say it
boy blang congrats on 35 000 Subs I am
so excited 35k guys 35
000 people that WrestleMania weekend
is this weekend the biggest weekend of
the Year for me I love wrestling and I
went to two different wrestlemanias I
went uh in Chicago in Detroit Detroit's
huge I think it was like 100 000 people
there or something 80 000 people but my
first WrestleMania my first moments at
WrestleMania I think maxed out of what
18 000 or something was the arena
we have almost double that in
subscribers and I remember going into
that arena for Wrestlemania 22 and being
like Oh my God like look how many people
here like let me let me get like a real
like WrestleMania 22
um
let's look this up
how many people were there uh 17 159 so
we have more than double that yeah we
have more than double the amount of
people that were in the arena for my
very first WrestleMania when I thought
like you couldn't see more people than
this shortly the year after I was in
there with 80 000 people which we are
not close to that let alone double
double that yeah but which was insanity
if we once we hit hopefully one day once
we hit 80 000 Subs if we do if we hit
the attendance of that what was
WrestleMania 23 attendance I base our
success off of WrestleMania attendance I
know he does I really do okay how many
people were there let's see it was 80
103. so the day we hit 80 103 my mind is
gonna explode because there were so many
people there that if I felt like the
entirety of a country was there there's
just so many people you couldn't believe
it yeah and to think like
from the Allstate Arena which is where I
was for us May 22.
that we had doubled the amount of people
that that subscribed to this channel now
let alone who watched we have like 8.3
million views on the channel I'm just
talking about people who subscribe to
the channel like people who are like
we're in the journey with you we're
we're coming along we're part of the fam
like that's what's uh like the people
who are Ryan or dies
fills up that Arena two times like and
that's that's the success for you guys
that means you guys have built a
community around this family of 35
000 people that's just crazy right it is
crazy that's crazy I would have never
thought we could hit 100k this year
y'all
if you guys keep sharing these videos If
you guys keep you know spreading the
love and and keep this community going
and growing we could hit a hundred
thousand subscribers this year and even
liking and commenting and like all of
that helps keep our videos higher
because it shows other people care about
like yeah so like if it shows that you
know there's like a high interaction
with the video then that helps out and
like it's it opens it up for more people
to be able to see the video and you know
more subscribers people ask all the time
they're like we don't have any money we
can't like donate to you guys or we
can't you know what I mean it's like we
don't expect that from everybody if
people can donate that's cool that's
awesome because it helps us out like
right now you know what I mean yeah but
if you can't donate like if you can't
help us monetarily that's completely
cool we don't expect that
um from anybody let alone you know
everybody yeah but what does help a lot
when people say hey how can we support
you other than that do what you're doing
watch the videos be a part part of our
community come to the live streams hang
out ask us questions because honestly
this keeps me going sometimes yeah we're
having like a bad day or a bad week or
something I get in that live stream I'm
like man this is awesome like you're
sitting here chilling talking to y'all
it's like the greatest experience to me
to be able to like share this time with
you guys and so that's a huge support
yeah it is
right there yeah
um but then liking the video commenting
on the video because that lets us know
do you like it do you not like it
sometimes people just hit the like
button but I'm like well what did you
like yeah because like we'll like
literally just post a 50 minute video
like the snacks yeah 52 minute video and
it has like 12 thumbs up like the first
second which I appreciate but I also
want to know like what do you like about
it yeah and if it's just you like us
then hey thanks hey that's fine
um if you want to lock it before you
even watch it just go ahead I mean I'd
prefer you like it if you like it yeah
I'd dislike it if you don't but it is
what it is yeah
um the other thing too share the videos
that is huge even if you only share it
out if you got like three friends and
two of them are us
share it out yeah you know what I mean
because I'll still be like oh that's
cool click you know like I'm happy about
this
um but that's the biggest way you guys
can support us if you can't donate
monetarily or help us out in that way
which we don't expect at all it helps so
much just being a part of the community
being active yeah that's all that
matters yep
yeah but just I mean really cool 35k on
the way to 100k this year last year I
kind of said it as a little bit of a
joke not necessarily a joke but just
like a high goal that I didn't think we
could hit
um last year
at
um New Year's Eve I was like all right
we hit 10K and I I was like on a hype
train because we would hit 10K so fast
we hit 20K so fast we hit 25k so fast
um we hit 35 Okay so but it's like at
that point when we hit uh 10K around New
Year's Eve on New Year's Eve I said my
goal is by New Year's Eve 2017 okay we
would hit a hundred thousand Subs that's
what I want that's what I'm fighting for
um that that's what we really want to
see just because I feel like that's such
a cool goal and I want the plaque yeah I
want to put the plastic I want the
plaque that's really that's that's a
huge motivator for me because normally
I'm not like a big I'm not like
subscriber driven because you don't have
to subscribe in order to watch her
content and like enjoy the videos we get
a lot more views and subs and we get a
lot of great engagement so it's like if
you don't subscribe it doesn't matter
because people watch anyway but it's
just so cool to get that kind of like
um what do you call it
uh I can't think what it is legitimacy
you know what I mean like you kind of
get that feedback where people are like
well people really do like your content
enough to like the videos and to
subscribe because they want they want to
make sure that they see stuff now we got
people that are even beyond that that
are on the notification Squad I mean
that's like that's like die hard level
if you're on the notification Squad
because sometimes these videos come out
at some weird hours so if you are at the
notification Squad shout out to you for
real
wouldn't like your parents on it but
they took it off I think I woke my mom
up in like the middle of the night or
something
um all I got is Wendy's McDonald's KFC
hello from Belton Texas hello look my
gummy bears are kissing we are outside
of Austin but we used to live very close
to Belden actually
um the face is the fifth best thing to
live like that
it's
all right
next to million yeah this is gonna be a
wow for that one if everyone gave a
dollar you'd have 35 000 that is true
actually uh you should do a giveaway or
something we may do a giveaway or
something at 50k I don't know we've
talked about doing a couple I've already
had some ideas and stuff yeah who's your
favorite wrestler who's your favorite
wrestler
not so hard that is a pretty hard one um
so like the most entertaining
I mean I think of all like out of
everything is shinsuke
um
I think he just has something about him
you know he's super entertaining and
he's not like
I mean in my opinion he's not like the
greatest looking wrestler but I don't
think that matters
um
so yeah as far as females I really like
Bailey right now but then I also like
the Nikki Bella um John Cena mix but
just because I love Total Divas Triple H
is my favorite Batista both really good
right now I'm super hyped on Kevin Owens
and uh
um Seth Rollins I'm always been a
Jericho fan normally I'm I'm like more
old school but I'm down for I'm not
pretty much anybody I'm really enjoying
uh the women's division right now though
Bailey and uh and Sasha Banks that were
the best yeah react to Babymetal we will
very soon we just talked about that oh
yeah they um they actually Wrestlemania
32 they were like they were like the
sponsored singers
react to Ronald McDonald diss track on
big YouTubers that actually sounds
pretty cool uh the It remake I want to
watch the trailer for that the the
original it is messed up dope thank you
I got it for him she did and it's really
cool so anyway I didn't realize what
time I was what up Alyssa what's up I'm
alone here or I'm not alone here now
okay cool
um let's see great video this is almost
like a live stream
well we are live stream don't forget the
little people y'all like this is a crazy
thing from one sub to a million Subs I I
mean Sam goes through comments and reads
it I always say hi because I'm talking
for me but I assume Sam agrees with all
things I said
um or else she would say I don't agree
with that yeah
um I go through our comments for all the
videos I'm sitting there I'm watching
the notifications and from one to one
million I'll always appreciate every
single person that comments all the
people that come into live stream I try
to read as many comments uh in the live
streams and in the videos as I can I
can't respond every single one of them
anymore just because we get so many yeah
but I do try to respond to at least a
couple here and there when I when I can
let's just we'll get like
a thousand comments in a couple hours
yeah
um and it's just Insanity I just
remember I want to send your P.O box uh
I can get stuff I can send I don't know
where to get a box
um
like yeah UPS or whatever we're not
mating
so I don't know people said something
about mating I'm like we're talking
we're not meaning uh I liked all your
vids even before watching a lot of
people do actually that's cool uh I'm
little 5'4
just you know big big and you grow up
yeah
um let's see Alyssa watch a movie
trailer it is scary the original it
messed me up about public bathrooms and
stuff like any kind of like bathroom
space is just weird
um from the original it it's kind of
scary
sometimes I'm worried too active no
Dashie you're perfect you're awesome
um let's see
I'm active AF we appreciate everybody
that's active on all the videos and the
live streams and everything I'm like
five minutes behind in this yeah I know
in a scroll there's just so many
comments coming in it's pretty crazy
um yeah Japanese commercials yeah we
want to do some reactions Japanese
commercials I'm like all about
commercials I thought we were siblings
no we've been together about well over
three years right yeah over three years
um I found a Jelly Bean on eBay a lot of
people said they've seen them a lot of
people said they've seen them around for
twenty dollars that's a good deal from
Southern California love your Jollibee
reaction that was really good
the the Jelly Bean was awesome I really
want to go back it was a lot of fun
I'm really excited to to check it out
again we weren't even back home yet and
we wanted to go back yeah uh we can
never get enough hugs yay yeah love you
both from the Philippines we love you
too hot Sam versus chicks Maya I always
say Nia I think it's because of SIA so
like okay so this is my opinion on that
I love her like I think she's great
um but like I just feel like and like
I'm a big girl but like I just feel like
she's too big for the women's division
right now because I don't think so and
like I I just feel like like whenever
you put them next to each other she just
Picks Them Up and catches them and
throws them and like it doesn't it's not
look at the Big Show even look at the
big show
and I've said this the only way that
someone's ever gonna be able to like be
here which they have is by wearing her
out or choking her out
nah or double team in her
I think so because how else how else is
she gonna get like taken down I just I
don't know
I just don't know the thing I'm saying
because like someone will jump at her
and she just catches them
the thing um and if they don't it just
doesn't look right if some little bitty
girl punches her you know in the you
know wherever and she's like oh and she
falls on the ground like that doesn't
make sense to me I just don't know
I don't know
what I'm saying is every division needs
like the monster needs somebody because
not only do you have to have that
character to fill that role but you have
to have like the Underdog Story
because it's like if she goes in and
destroys people and whatever and and
especially the fact you say it's going
to take two people to take her down when
somebody
finally goes in and like defeats her
one-on-one it's an Underdog Story it's
overcoming those giant odds yeah um of
people that are having problems it just
bothers me it's one of those things but
I like her a lot reaction to Thomas
Anderson we've talked about that we
haven't done reactions very often lately
we need to get some more back out we've
been talking about that today watch your
star bomb reaction think you actually
requested it before so thank you we love
all the star bomb stuff we've seen so
far it's been really good actually
um I don't know if you saw my message
because my net crashed we got trolls we
always have trolls in twitch chat that's
pretty much what twitch is for hey it's
mostly for trolls but I like that I'm
fine whenever people try to troll us I
feel like Bane and it's like you think
you know the darkness I was born in it
yeah like shaped by it
um let's see long time subscriber here
from the Philippines you guys are
amazing Huggers gonna hug we we gotta
Rock our Bailey shirts for Wrestlemania
I honestly feel that like the women's
division is so hyped right now it's so
hot right now that that's like
potentially a main event for me for how
I feel about it I think it's really good
there the Fatal four-way is going to be
legit
check out Oscar from NXT that's right
Oscar is a beast as well like she's real
small but she's like got that she kind
of if y'all watched back in the day she
kind of reminds me of like Tajiri a
little bit what is going on here I don't
know all right
I just never like got into her yet Oscar
yeah we have to catch up we caught up in
raw we caught up on Smackdown
um but we need to go back and catch him
on NXT we haven't watched in a while and
there's a ton of stuff I'm missing
because we got like Eric Young up in the
mix we got uh Bobby Roode up in the mix
now
um shinsuke ton of cool stuff's been
going on with him I've caught some of
the matches from like pay-per-views and
whatever from the network
um Oscar's blowing it up and then I
think Ember moon or something is a Devo
look really cool
um there's been a couple people that I
really want to see hi hot salmon hug
Knuckles what up Vanessa how you doing
China would be a good match for China is
like the perfect example China Beth
Phoenix
um what was it in Asia I think for a
little bit was in there
let's see live from the Philippines I
love you too
Ron kills ricegum I hear the Beast still
have rums in the land yeah yeah she came
in randomly just she's laying down
oh amazing possible final reaction to
Nick pateracy and so I just want to know
once and for all whether you like him
it's coming I liked Paige I loved Paige
I thought Paige was going to be the real
beginning of like the the Divas
Revolution becoming the women's division
but it came like right after her I think
yeah that kind of sucks for her because
she kind of now got overshadowed
um by a lot of the other people yeah
let's see
uh good morning guys from the
Philippines love you we love you too
thank you thank you do you guys have the
new WWE game no I have 2015 2016 I don't
know 2017. do you still like Ruby yes
um we get more hate on our Ruby videos
than most of our other videos which kind
of sucks yeah just because people
nitpick yeah like I mean that's the only
thing I don't like about doing Ruby
reactions I feel like we get a lot of a
lot of uh like a few years if you miss
one little bitty thing in one video
someone will like go ham on you and I'm
just like but I do appreciate the
content very much like yeah Ruby a lot
yeah like Ruby a lot and I like all the
other stuff I've seen but it's like we
tend to get more toxic posts in there
yeah
let's see I'll be right back don't say
anything cool till I get back we'll
trust me I haven't done anything cool
yet yeah are you guys doing a giveaway
we may do a giveaway at 50k we talked
about doing a 50 000 giveaway yeah
um hopefully we hit 50 000 before your
birthday I like that cat I'm hoping we
have 50K by your birthday hopefully
that's what I'm shooting for my
birthday's in June his is in August so
either one even between you like Marvel
but do you collect Marvel uh Legends
action figures I don't really collect
any action figures I have like some old
wrestling action figures from like
forever ago
I love Ruby We Love Ruby too honestly
I'm waiting for uh chibi volume two
um and then it's gonna be a while before
volume Five yeah
I'm from Japan but I'm half Filipino
that's legit we want to start doing some
uh Japanese commercials and uh we talked
about doing like a Japanese snack video
as well
um expanding out from our uh Filipino
snack video what mic do we use it is the
Blue Yeti yeah Blue Yeti do you want to
tell them about the the snack boxes
we've been looking into we'll get into
that okay because we're we're in we're
in the talks with some people trying to
see what we're gonna do as far as like
snack videos in the future but what I
will say for right now is we're looking
at uh doing more foreign food snack
videos yeah yeah because I don't know I
don't wanna
name drop if people well no I don't want
a name it's just the idea oh yeah yeah
we're talking about doing like snacks
snack boxes which is like yeah so like
they send you slack boxes full of like a
certain country's kind of snack
um so it'd be like we would like get a
get a box of you know Filipino snacks
and we would open it and do an unboxing
and like show what kind of snacks they
sent us that month and then try them all
and then they have them for many
different countries yeah so it seems
cool it seems legit and then it's in U.S
like U.S snacks which was legit because
we saw the Box they did last time they
did it and we didn't know what any of
that stuff was yeah so the cool thing
about that too is like for the snacks we
just did for this video we like
literally drove two and a half hours and
went to a store you know what I mean to
pick up all the snacks so being able to
get a box like sent to us of like
curated ones yeah so much easier yeah it
is
um let's see
when we get 2K17 will you record it I'm
thinking about streaming
um
WWE SuperCard which is like from the
mobile app because I play it like
religiously
um probably like annoy Sam how much I
play it
[Music]
yeah we're gonna use the delivery
service that we use
to get a delivery
um let's see
where's the makeup video it should be on
the channel it should yeah it says my
husband does my makeup oh well the
makeup the makeup video that he said
that I recorded on Twitter
um so I recorded it and I edited it and
I
oh your mega yeah yeah yeah and like I
don't know I just I feel like because
basically what I did in the video and
I'm gonna redo it so like you guys can
expect it like I really want to redo it
um but it's basically I'm telling the
story of how we met while I'm doing my
makeup Sam's a perfectionist
it's long it's like 20 something minutes
and it's like this is my this is my uh
advice for anybody if you're thinking
about getting into YouTube you're
thinking about becoming a content
creator make bad content until you make
good content because if you look back at
like the first video I ever made on this
channel I left it up here
um terrible terrible even if you watch
some of our videos from a couple months
ago
terrible compared to what we have now
yeah
um let's see you actually come here to
Philippines good morning Gloria how you
doing
we'll we'll do the Nick Patera one soon
I can't guarantee when
um Joe's chain that's pretty cool
uh only available in my town and some of
the restaurants are amazing I'd love to
check that out you know what else I want
to do racks
yeah I think that'd be a cool one yeah
so do you want a spicier original
um spicy give me one second we can do
this Yang's my baby I want to hug her
please react to best lookalike blind
auditions of the voice that sounds cool
you didn't tweet me were you supposed to
tweet him the
the video
well I can't tweet you right now I'm not
watching my Twitter
I'm watching the live stream all my
content is terrible then that means
you're just that much closer to Great
content yes because he he always tells
me you know you got to make back on
until it gets good and then like it's
proof of whenever we go back and watch
our old videos
go back go back and watch PewDiePie's
old videos I'm not saying he's the
greatest content creator but go back and
watch his little videos even H3 I love
H3 but if you go back to his old videos
they're just not as good as what they
are now can I have a shoe out I'm
assuming that's a shout out or we could
do the old school like we did where it's
the shootout
do you remember that yeah OG live
streams we'll remember that Chick-fil-A
is life I agree
um okay I promise we'll get to it as
soon as we can we've been uh focusing on
making some some cool videos of stuff
that's just like us doing things and
having fun with different stuff but we
will get back to focusing on some
reactions here real soon
um but give me one minute and we'll be
right back we're gonna figure this out
what we're gonna do
real BRB
BRB
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
action because we live stream and it's
actionable
I don't know but anyway let's see what's
up
um Philippine snack video was awesome
thank you I had a lot of fun doing that
one although okay let's get this out
there my friends from the Philippines or
my friends of uh Filipino ancestry
shuffles okay I got him at the middle
mini market I didn't pick him out the
lady was like hey are you song I said oh
those look like Pringles and she's like
oh those are those are the Pringles of
the Philippines they weren't on the list
so we weren't gonna get them but hey Sam
want to try them and they look good so I
was like all right let's get them and
the lady said those are the Philippines
so what the first thing I do I was like
let me let me uh read this and it said
made in the Philippines or whatever so
I'm like oh okay whatever people just
didn't say it whatever you know yeah and
they tasted good so I don't care yeah
they were good they were in my top five
but anyway like 90 comments on that
video are like shuffles aren't from the
Philippines I never seen no shuffles in
the Philippines dog what you talk about
ain't no shuffles in the Philippines we
just eat Pringles here and I'm like yeah
well we did have a couple people who are
like oh they're made in the Philippines
or they're like oh I saw them in a mall
it would have been so much easier just
to go to Walmart and get some Pringles
yeah we're trying Filipino snacks I will
straight up do a we'll do a Pringles
taste test if y'all uh want it yes I
will sit right here
nine different Pringles blind taste test
we should totally do that we do have
some blind taste test ideas coming up in
the future well yeah but we haven't
talked about that one like figure like
like try to think like like add it to
the list
add it to the list I love this but we'd
have to have somebody to skip them for
us and then Pringles tape one oh yeah
well no we don't have to get somebody to
go get them for us
well we would need somebody to feed them
to us well like we we shouldn't know
what flavors we were we got
well we got another options or else I'm
gonna say like banana Sunday you know
what I mean
should we know the flavor options or
should we not and just have to there's a
lot of times like we love good mythical
morning they do some stuff that's
similar to this but they at least know
like the fast foods that they're tasting
from right or do they they do okay I
think they do Stella what do you do come
here baby girl she's running back and
forth y'all I think she's just excited
come here is it hug Sam or hot Knuckles
both
we did the the bat blood so I do want to
do bat romance Clover chips too we're
probably gonna do another uh another
Filipino taste test soon because a lot
of people are like hey you tried uh you
know this but try a different flavor of
this because the flavor you tried sucks
because I didn't like chippy that we had
but everybody's like oh try this other
flavor of chippy that's right the list
of Knuckles I should go on wwe.com right
now and get the list of Jericho and just
put Knuckles yeah over Jericho
um let's see next book Ming should be
Filipino Cuisine I don't know if the
next one's gonna be Filipino Cuisine but
we will do that in the future yeah we're
going to San Antonio so okay
so I guess a sorry sorry is like what
they call like a corner store or
something like tell me if I'm wrong if
you're from the Philippines or you're
Filipino tell me if I'm wrong about that
but it seems like people are saying like
oh I went down to the sorry sorry and
got
whatever but there's a place in San
Antonio that's a restaurant called sorry
sorry and it also has a market in it so
I wonder if it's like that's like what
they're called
like if that's why it's named that yeah
because like I didn't really talked
about that you know that that was a
place we're gonna go to and then the
comment section I just saw sorry sorry
like all over yeah
you're gonna answer the door with your
favorite shirt on getting a favor that's
kind of funny oh that is funny did you
think about that oh wow is that awkward
no I feel like hey can you deliver
yourself to me well I mean a lot of
people always say like the reason I
started doing a favor is to make sure
that it doesn't make them feel as lame
about themselves we are gonna do more
mukbang in the future though for real
we're gonna check out quite a few places
when you say anybody's old videos you
could hear somebody say oh my God what
it's probably Sam said oh my God
so she tries calling you we're in the
middle of the live stream my mom avid
watcher like hit us up and uh said that
they
I don't know whatever
um so anyway
we uh we're gonna hit up sorry sorry
though you know what happens when Sam
doesn't make a video she goes on the
list Knuckles that's right records him
answering the door that would be weird
because we're on live stream you guys
are a partner
I don't know I hope that's a positive
thing patner
it's patner I don't know what that means
we're patners Knuckles ever heard of Mr
nightmare he's a really good commentator
so yeah Mr nightmare I have listened to
him we talked about him remember he's
like one of these dudes he does but
those videos are like 40 minutes long or
something it's like crazy long
um but he tells like creepy stories like
Creepypasta and stuff
I have heard of Creepypasta of course
I've told you about that
um that dude specifically before I do
want to make videos but
but I mean I might just post it guys
would you judge me if it sucks I mean
it's boring in my opinion no top
comments we need some funny comments
there are no top comments right now we
need people step up their game a little
bit
although we did skip a lot of comments
because we talked for a minute and we
went like five minutes we have 34 people
watching but only like three messages a
minute yeah well I think it's because
we've been taking so long to catch up
because we had like
a million
oh wow yeah we are kind of behind that's
what I'm saying like we had all these
comments so I had to skip a bunch
because we were like answering questions
that people said like 10 minutes ago
um let's see no y'all are from Texas
Yellow Partners
um but yeah I don't I don't know what
our next mukbang will be it'll probably
be Chick-fil-A or
um Whataburger or Chipotle or Chipotle
we did talk about Chipotle we got a lot
of stuff I love Chipotle also I talked
about doing Texas barbecue Texas
barbecue especially because we live
close to like Lockhart and they're like
the like it's like the the main barbecue
place in Texas or whatever According to
some people so I've thought about us
going there because it's really close
that would be cool
did anyone see the robot drive through
pranks I think I did see that didn't it
have no head or something like that I
think we saw that I think we saw that
ever since I was made moderator I've
tried dialing back my snark someone get
on that top comment fools LOL
um let's see top comments they should go
to the top of the pyramid I'll give that
there's like a I don't know a little bag
I want to meet you guys in the
Philippines hey we're down so this is
the thing a lot of you guys have been
asking if we're you know if we're coming
to the Philippines we don't know it
really just like look we would love to
be there for the third annual wish FM
Awards in January of next year but like
that's our goal but like there's nothing
set in stone just because it's all gonna
like you know
it all kind of depends on the neck like
the rest of the year and like how like
everything works out
word
um I don't know what's going on because
we want to do a lot of things that's our
biggest things we want to do a lot of
things all the time we want to do a lot
of things really really really want to
go to the Philippines though like
appreciate you it's like there we go we
got a top comment on the board we have
top comment right there top conversation
go the top of the pyramid yeah there's a
robot headless and a couple other ones
I've saw the Headless robot one
slender wrap
what's that like Slenderman I'm assuming
hmm
[Music]
as much as I want to see you do more
mukbang videos I also want to see some
videos on the fit so shout out no lifted
videos recently you know we got stuff
going on but I weighed in and I'm down
like quite a bit of weight yeah I'm
excited we are gonna we'll make an
update I mean we like but I was actually
surprised I was actually surprised how
much I was down
um I mean we're eating gummy bears and
whatnot but that's like all I've eaten
today yeah
today's been a long day yeah and uh I
got a Coke Zero because we at the gas
station but I've been drinking a lot of
water too basically something that I
found out about myself is like I do
better if I'm not telling everybody
about it and I think that like as far as
lit fit goes we're just gonna make our
fitness updates and like our health
updates on this channel or
the biggest problem with that we talked
about it Twitter uh before is like I
feel weird doing updates because I can't
be as aggressive as I wanted to be
originally uh with doing it because I
mean we can do some minor stuff we can
walk like we've done a lot of walking
that's another reason we picked up the
uh the delivery job is like you know we
go around and we we're more active yeah
it's like we go shopping and like
exactly yeah it's like a lot of walking
so it is some exercise for me but he
can't be like super like exactly
strenuous or whatever and so like like
when we first started the lifted thing
it's like we want to like record
ourselves working out doing yoga all
this kind of stuff and it's like that's
just something that like we're not
really doing right now because of you
know the things we found out about him
and then you know like I work so like
I'm on my feet a lot during the day and
stuff already and so it's like there's
that part but then there's also
like
the food aspect of it which is like
we're not quite there yet but we do eat
like a lot of healthy stuff at the same
time so like it's probably like 50 50. I
don't eat a lot of healthy stuff but
we'll eat chicken a lot and that's yeah
but like that's normal I'm saying like I
haven't gone out of my way to eat like a
ton of healthier stuff but what I will
say is I eat a lot less of the bad stuff
that I used to eat well yeah like we we
make um this crock pot chicken mixture
yeah so much all the time that's why I'm
saying like it's healthy it's like
chicken broth chicken taco seasoning and
it cooks for a couple hours we put it on
some corn tortillas and we eat it like
that's which sometimes I don't even put
it on and sometimes I eat brown rice
with it which I don't think is bad at
all and see the the thing that I'll say
is like I said I I haven't really tried
to eat like super healthy stuff I've
just tried to eat weigh less of anything
that I eat that's unhealthy normally I
only eat a lot of chicken anyway but the
big thing that I had a problem with was
like I'm a chip person like I seriously
will go through chips like insanity yeah
like robots and that has been something
you've been really good at like the most
chips I've eaten was from our Philippine
um Filipinos and like the thing is like
you were like before we we had a chance
to sit down and make that video he was
like I know there's chips in that bag
and I really want them I thought because
normally like we would go to the grocery
store we could get like three bags of
chips I'm not even like like I'm not
even exaggerating I could go through all
three like in that night
like big bags of chips if I was like not
if I could just zone out just at their
knee chips I would just go through them
and it was like it was the worst thing
for me yeah because there's all carbs
but I've completely cut that out when's
the last time I got a bag of chips in
the house other than the Filipino snack
um yeah like yeah you you got like the
Doritos yeah that was like that was
because I hadn't had any a long time
yeah come back normally one bag I'm
getting like a bunch by like five yeah
exactly and like they'd be gone like
very fast but yeah I will say like
you've been really good about not eating
chips so it's just like those small
things we've been doing and like it has
paid off like we've lost weight I was
actually surprised I'm down more than I
have been probably in like a year
I'd say me too I'd say longer I'd say
for you longer than a year 20 years or
something it got to the point today
where I had to tighten my belt I've I've
like over the last couple weeks I've
kept tightening it a couple notches
because it's like falling off we I went
to the doctor for like a checkup to look
at me and see what's going on with me
um which I mean I'm doing I'm not doing
as bad I haven't been to the ER in like
a long time yeah so I mean I was going
once a month now I'm doing good yeah
um but my pants are like falling off I
have to hold my pants up all the time so
that's great I will say no lip fit
videos but we are doing really well as
far as like you know our health and
stuff
um he's doing better you know doing
really well with the chip thing and
everything
um and like yeah like I still drink like
sugary Beverages and stuff and I'm gonna
eat some Reese's eggs because I love
those things did you see what I changed
yes and I don't like want to go get them
where are the secret snacks that's what
I want to know everybody if you're in
the chat tell me where the secret snacks
if you don't know you're not OG do you
guys give advice sure we'll offer up
advice and people ask for it but I'm not
like I don't go out of my way to give
advice just on people's lives unless you
want it go try Doritos roulette so I saw
they had like those spicy bag like oh I
think have you seen that before yeah and
I'm like that just that sounds like a
trip to to the bathroom with a spicy
butthole and I'm just like I don't know
that I'm about that life
your computer keeps turning up yeah
that's weird like so okay let's get into
let's get into a little bit of story
time we we got one that's gonna bleed
into another one okay
so we're making a video the other day
and after the video Sam's like I heard
somebody talking here
I heard someone say hey she heard
somebody say hey and also side note her
computers randomly just been like it'll
wake out of regular mode if you walk in
the room
which is creepy yeah because usually you
have to like wiggle the mouse you know
and so
yeah
it's kind of creepy yeah so I'm like oh
my gosh is there like something up with
my webcam like does it like the other
thing is my mom just texted me and said
while we were talking she heard a
different person's voice say oh my God
say oh my God
so
#spicybutthole but we did go back and
like after I thought I started off after
I thought I heard hey and we couldn't
hear it but you could see me like kind
of look over my shoulder a little bit
Yeah the other thing too is like we're
right next to a window right here and
these windows are absolutely horrible
like you can if if somebody is like
anywhere near it you can hear it yeah
yeah so like if if we're ever talking
and hashtag spicy butthole it's probably
just someone out there
but advice please how do you deal with
someone consistently annoying you in
school well it depends on how they're
annoying you
um but I mean honestly it sounds like
cheesy advice but I just say ignore them
yeah because
so here's the thing someone is trying to
annoy you if they're trying to be mean
they're probably a troll and trolls are
just sad people and I know this being
controlled previously in my life would I
would go ham on people I was sad with my
life and who I was as a person and I
wanted attention so you know what don't
give him the attention ignore them act
like your life is the greatest thing
ever and don't don't hate back on them
because that just feeds them so just
ignore them keep living your life try to
be as positive as possible and either a
they'll try harder and when you shut
them down even more then they just feel
horrible
um or B they'll go after a weaker Target
yeah
yeah because if you're being the a troll
doesn't want to go after somebody that
they don't think is going to respond
they want to go after somebody they feel
like they have the advantage of yeah
yeah
um let's see
oh my gosh sugar-free gummy bears yes
they have like a laxative effect y'all I
heard that they're uh uh there's like
really really funny
comments on Amazon
oh yeah I mean I didn't know that from
personal experience or Nothing what
should I buy first my first car and my
first phone
well I mean if you can get an Acura TSX
I would get the Acura before an iPhone
yes that's just me personally yeah
that's I agree car gives you more
freedom do you already have another card
do you already have another phone which
one's in better condition well I would
always say a car over a phone because a
car but if he doesn't have a phone at
all or she I don't know catch me outside
if you don't have a phone at all get the
car in a 20 flip yeah because it gives
you more opportunities like if you don't
if you don't have a working vehicle it
can give you opportunities to make more
money to get that phone faster that's
true get it faster you got that car that
is very true
um I'm home alone stop I'm scared
because you can Uber you can deliver
yeah all kinds of stuff yeah I want to
do Uber but Sam's car is kind of like
not the best it's kind of older and like
dirty real talk I believe in ghosts only
because I had a personal experience if
it had never happened I wouldn't believe
I'm more interested to hear more about
that green fire for real I'm like super
interested in here about that because
we're talking about maybe doing a video
in the future where we go through all
this I remember PC we are doing the
lashing both twitching YouTube Pages
went straight white her bull stream's
running into restart my PC that's weird
that is very weird oh sad trolls for
life Batman head yeah Dad Knuckles yes
what up uh Dash is Bay my Ginger is
cuttlefish I'm gonna attack helicopter
um let's see acutely check your pewter
to see if you've been hacked that's what
I said remember
I said something about the camera like
if somebody can access the camera or
something wouldn't it be lit up because
no you can do the the GoPro I can turn
off there's ways to turn off that
um look at Mom's text here hold on
oh my God
it was a male voice sounded like it was
coming from your house might be Marco
we'll talk about Marco later we'll talk
about Marco later
uh I am a weak Target we target like the
weakest you can get no you're not
you're not a weak Target okay and if you
view yourself in the way that you are we
talking to makes you weaker you gotta
view yourself uh as a as a competent
confident person if if you can't believe
in you who's gonna believe in you if you
can't be the one to to be the advocate
for your life
to be the one who who says I'm the best
I'm the greatest I'm number one if you
can't hold that finger up and believe it
nobody else is gonna so you gotta be the
first one if you want to say uh I mean
that's a whole different problem than
someone annoying you forget the person
knowing you got a bigger problem than
that you gotta get that self-confidence
up because no matter what they ever say
it's not gonna matter if you don't
believe in you
um
so someone's like like hacked in my
thing how can we figure it out because
they might be seeing me like you know oh
okay
there are golden reviews for them on
Amazon oh my god I've heard about like
some crazy uh reviews of the the
sugar-free whatever
[Music]
the pick represents me trying to take a
break from all the sexiness well uh
there should be a compilation of the
amount of times I've heard Knuckles said
I ain't about that life that's right
we got we got um a blooper video in the
mix too I think we're gonna do hey hugs
you're watching WrestleMania Sunday yes
yes
yes yes yes all right anyway
um daddy is here that's what I say every
time I walk in the house react to Shane
Dawson's conspiracies I would be
interested in that is your Twitter name
Josh Brooks my Twitter name is hug
Knuckles but my real name is Josh bricks
yes that is that is who I am as a human
being
Josh I heard a mail votes while you were
talking about bad video well if I'm
talking about any of my videos probably
10 month bad videos I've had a ghost
experience I want to hear somebody else
ghost experiences I think we're gonna
we're gonna do something what up Michael
swabs up in the deck what's up
dude uh do you ever think about making
out take video we actually just said
that before I saw this yeah yeah where
are you guys from we are from outside of
Austin Texas guys please react to Super
Mario Logan uh I'd be down for that Iron
Man what up what's up boy a lot of
people have ghostly encounters I believe
in simmer okay so that's what else we're
gonna talk about
we're gonna talk about
um with Ghost Encounters we were talking
about Slenderman
so again if if this is not your first
time watching we've talked about this
before Sam's from like a really small
town okay uh middle of nowhere
nothing around okay creepy in itself
during the day it really is you know
what I mean and there's this dude though
okay let's just call him Mr muscles
and we were driving
late night from uh like they have this
dollar store to the house okay now
during Christmas time these people go
all out like it's a pretty big deal a
lot of the houses out there have these
huge uh Christmas displays and
everything but it's Halloween time my
man Mr mussels went like like how people
go out for for Big Bang uh Christmas
stuff like when the news comes and sees
the house like my dude straight up does
it big yeah all right and we're thinking
you know oh okay he's got like the
zombie thing and the skeleton stuff and
whatever whatever you know but my man
over here had a freaking Slenderman I'm
like this dude's like 70. yeah you know
I mean like at least eight like late 60s
this dude's up on internet meme car you
know what I mean like he's got he's got
his memes down if he's got the
Slenderman up and it had like a legit
like for real Slender Man
that dude had like a legit Slenderman up
there
and yeah it was crazy
our favorite I'll I'll come back well is
he here here or is he here here
he said he's here but he hasn't knocked
I am the one who knocks but anyway so we
drive back around sunderman's still
there but I was thinking like it's
middle of the night like middle of
nowhere I'm like the perfect place that
a real Slenderman would show up if this
just happened to be real life because
it's like the people who see Sasquatch
you don't see that New York yeah you
know not New York New York you don't see
that like Chicago you see it like
bumsville Texas where there's like four
people that live there you know what I
mean yeah it's like because it's like no
one will ever believe them that's
exactly where we'd see it people know
that guy's house is like he's from like
a bigger area I didn't know
this dude did it like this though
so like he's like I don't know where
he's from he's like from up North I
think he's from Minnesota Wisconsin
Minnesota I went back and talked to the
dude the next day yeah so we saw we
drove back SlenderMan was still there
thought it was the coolest thing and so
the next day I saw him out there like
fixing his uh how often do you Dutch
having the girl very often
um
I don't even know what that means farts
anyway
the next day I see the dude out there
like fixing and adjusting all this stuff
and I had to go up and shake the man's
hand I introduced myself and everything
but it was really cool all right we'll
be right back in a moment
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
thank you
all right and we are back all up in the
mix kind of ish somewhat-ish
we we miss over orders coming up
they mess up our order the delivery
company that she works for that she
ordered from
order
kind of funny but anyway
we got Chick-fil-A in here okay so we
come back we talked to the dude
um he was really cool but it was like
just really interesting to me that in
the middle of nowhere okay and we've
talked about some of these people that
they just appear to be um let's just say
meth inclined
um would be like into Slenderman like I
just didn't expect it especially like
this the 67 year old dude out of
everybody in the area
um to be like inner Slenderman so I
thought that was really cool but I do
want to make a video in the future time
about my parents house
um that I lived in for like I don't know
15 years or something in that house yeah
and uh that it was creepy yeah so
there's some creepy stuff that happened
um some creepy stuff that happened to me
um and to my parents separately as well
as together some stuff that I didn't
believe in some evidence that kind of
proved it happened yeah and it's pretty
creepy but we'll make a video about this
make a video coming up he's not
responding to me maybe we'll have
um maybe we'll have
dad Knuckles and nominal
maybe what that would be cool yeah
because I think we could do something
with Skype or something like totally add
to the story and if you get your mom
because he knows a ton of stuff that's
happened with it my mom might be a
harder one to get Mom Knuckles is a hard
get we're not that big of a show yet
we don't got it in the budget for the
mom knuckles
just saying
um let's see
if y'all is green fire on Twitter I saw
someone ask because I want to know can I
send my ghost story all right everybody
if you have a ghost story type it out
send it to hugnuckles gmail.com if you
have a ghost story send it to the to the
email I want to read it and make sure
hug Knuckles are spelled right it's
spell right yeah it's spelled right here
down at the bottom under me yeah right
here at gmail.com make sure it's spelled
just like send it there
um and we'll go over it maybe we'll make
a video reading some some scary stories
that you guys should yes I think that'd
be kind of give shout outs for the
stories give shout outs for the stories
yeah
that was me shouting out I'm so excited
for Wrestlemania this weekend
I'm so excited what is your favorite
match you're excited for
um I am like super stoked
for the Triple H Seth Rollins
you will talk about that so why well
because like so Triple H you didn't even
see raw you need to see raw Yeah so
basically they brought out a desk and
they like were signing some paperwork so
basically like Seth Rollins wouldn't
like come after him afterwards or
whatever if he like beat him up right
wasn't that like let me set the stage
Seth Rollins has been out with an injury
for a long time uh he wanted to come
back him and Triple H were supposed to
have a match but he's not clear to
wrestle and uh Triple H assaulted him
with a crutch beat him down and then he
like beat him so hard in the knee with
that Crutch It bent in half guys and so
the whole premise of the thing is Seth
Rollins need to assigned a hold harmless
contract so he wouldn't sue the WWE
Triple H or his wife
um if anything were to happen from the
match that he couldn't he would have to
hold him harmless yeah but that's not
the real story that we're getting to
here yeah well what we need to get to is
Sam's life was changed yes so basically
Triple H was like sitting down with Seth
Rollins and like he was like preaching
to him and just the things that he was
saying to him was like speaking to my
life like what do you remember any of
the stuff that he said he was just
basically like you know like if you if
you want to be successful then you need
to stop sleeping on it and basically
like go out and do it and like don't
stop until you've
breached that goal and stuff like that
and like same thing with like the videos
y'all know like guys I'm insane I'm
Gonna Do videos and I haven't done them
but then like last night we watched this
this raw and I'm like
I'm gonna I'm just gonna post the video
like or I'm just gonna like do some
makeup videos or I'm just gonna do this
like
I don't know it just really it really
spoke to me like I've been sitting on it
a lot you know you're in a Tremor the
chat's bringing out about me and a
Tremor and Knuckles and saber oblivious
I didn't know that we I just keep saying
all this stuff I see pray for the soul
and like something about get on some
stuff but I don't know Delhi said was
that I'm so triggered right now guys I'm
sorry I can't even think straight you
just say what yeah because I said hey
I'm missing oh no he said I'm so sorry
okay that's funny whatever is funny is
you're in a favorite shirt the thing is
is like whenever I run my favors and do
my deliveries I make sure my crap is
right you have to in the app it tells
you to confirm and so like whenever he's
going through my stuff and he's like
selecting what's in the bag you would
think that he wouldn't have clicked
fries if it's not in the bag or the
other sandwich
you're missing your sandwich that's even
more mad about that because I was my
fries like right now
anyway so my thing is for Wrestlemania
what I'm most excited for I'm trying to
think because there's so many Bill
Goldberg versus Brock Lesnar super hyped
for
um just because because WrestleMania
season that's what's up Undertaker
versus Roman not very hyped for and
normally I'm super Undertaker
um I'm Pro Undertaker matches
but I I don't know this year I don't
know I mean Undertaker's been kind of
underwhelming for the last few years but
Undertaker Shane McMahon was really good
I thought that was legit but I just
don't know if if taker Roman is gonna be
the match I wanted to be
um Bray Wyatt Randy Orton looks like
it's going to be a lot of fun it looks
like it's going to be a good one
what am I most excited for Owen's
Jericho I'm really excited for
just because I've been a jerichoholic
since like I was super young my first
ever wrestling show I went to when I was
like 10 I think
um I was all about Jericho yeah I was
all about him I just can't get into him
I don't know I don't know what it is
I've been a fan like pretty much my
entire wrestling life that I've like
been into wrestling so I mean of course
and now like I'm huge on Kevin Owens I
love Kevin Owens I think he's a future
of the business
um I just think he's got a really great
act like his personality his his style
um he's kind of like that Bruiser style
but he's got a really good way of like
cutting promos it's just different than
everybody else so I really really am a
big fan of that
um
Sam is salty for them salty fries I'm
getting that that's a good top combat
shikusama coming up with the top comment
same assaulty put them salty frass
hashtag although the hashtag was before
um
I like how other people have to tell me
what the big top comment
um so I'm super hyped for that and then
of course what I personally think is is
a main event level match for me uh the
women's fatal four match with Sasha
Bailey uh Naya and Charlotte
so I just think like every one of them
is super talented I'm excited for Bailey
because I feel like she's the new age
Sean Michael she's got the little
childhood dream uh you know being
championed and she is Champion right now
um and having that WrestleMania moment
Sasha I think her style and and her
um she's very
she's very like technically talented but
also like her style and her personality
are very good and also she's related to
Snoop Dogg so that's just kind of cool
it's a cool Factor yeah Charlotte you
got Ric Flair's Legacy in the ring
um she was undefeated in title matches
at pay-per-views up until recently where
she lost a Bailey perfect Redemption
story yeah for her to take it and to
prove yet again that the flare name
means something
um and then Nia Jax I just feel happy
for the rock too I mean it's going to be
her first chance to have her
WrestleMania moment uh and and be kind
of a big deal but also like you know
it's another thing for like her whole
family she's got a lot of family members
that are in the biz yeah it's always
going to be cool when another one of
them gets like their chance because I
like what the Usos are doing right now
too yeah I think that's real cool
um let's see what this guy is like
terrible I said I said should I contact
support and he said all he said was yes
but like the fries are on the receipt
yeah
I'm just seeing a side of me right now
yeah like I just I can't stand poor
customer service I just can't say
there's one thing I can't stand so how
do you how do you um how much do you
think does Batman costed I don't know
uh 12 bucks
[Music]
how do you do customers work go to the
thing
he works there but I I gotta do this I
don't know how to order very well you go
into the thing and you go
customer support okay no text yeah there
you go
all right been substance before 1K I've
seen your name around so I'm excited
Owen I appreciate that I followed you on
Twitter Mr Knox let me see who will
follow me
see Michael follow me is that you I
don't know who this is no let's make a
leap who else followed me I don't see
anybody else follow me
I don't see it it's a big Batman I still
say 12 bucks
um all right so what else we got going
on just saying my ghost experience hugs
I hope I got the Gmail right well it's
spelled right here if you didn't get it
right double check
hugnuckles gmail.com
um I dedicated that top comment to my
baby dashieve what up
gmail.com that is correct that's the
biggest family salty Sam salty Sam
always saying salty
green fire is of the Twitter now I like
that Sam is about to put them on the
list Sam's about to drop that elbow and
and Destroy somebody
you don't want to see Sam get angry
because there's a whole different hot
she's about to get hot Sam
yeah because she heated yeah
the thing that makes it worse sounds
like a piece of corn I'm about to blow
into a popcorn piece you could have said
I'm like a piece of corn about to pop
whatever
I'm angry
this is my
smile um the worst part is when you're
like super starving we're about to go
get Chick-fil-A and then we're like no
we'll just we'll just order a favor uh
from somebody else because we had a
stream and then of course they mess up
her order out of everything and the dude
is like and the dude like tear It Off
that's funny
all right
Sam be a part of this I am trying Sam
Sam is not being a part of this green
fire what is your app I don't see you
man did you tweet me I want to follow
you but I don't see you reply
12 years old yes something else I'm
talking to me about word
where you at man I don't see you on here
all right let's see you don't want to
see Sam angry Sam shaking her head in
the background popcorn peace hey hug did
you change around mods just checking
um no I don't think so oh yeah Mr Right
lyrics he was a mod was he I don't
remember yeah if you haven't been around
in a while then that's probably why
because I haven't seen you in chat in
quite a while
I could change it back up I can't change
it from where I'm at right now because
I'm in restream I'm restreaming so I can
stream on Twitch and YouTube at the same
time
she gonna turn into the Hulk just
wondering has a ricegum gabby show
situation been discussed here did I talk
about it no I haven't talked about it I
have talked about it in a length to you
I can talk about it though
that's what you want to hear about
my export squirt not falling I love my
new follow sound that's like my favorite
thing when you follow on Twitter I love
that sound it's legit oh my goodness
Danny Mac paw what up
Sam's gonna give him the next that's
right she is not gonna play with people
um when Sam get angry she'll become
Super Saiyan yes she will okay ricegum
versus Gabby show first off well what
was I I posted on Twitter I actually did
post a tweet
um about it uh but this was before this
before we found out more but basically
it's still it still fits yeah because it
wasn't like I necessarily said anything
bad about him
um I just you know kind of put it out
there how I felt about it uh and I
tweeted out if ricegum legit fake
punches on Fouseytube but dropped a real
fist on the Gabby show he's weak AF is a
man
been a big fan damn
um I have a huge fan of rice gum if
you've been uh on this channel for quite
a long time before Sam was around I used
to actually do reactions to ricegum
videos because I was a huge fan of
ricegums
um
Gabby shows whatever I know Sam watches
a lot Liza koshy and Gabby does
civilizer right yes okay so like I well
I mean I know like the Gabby like lies
has been on the Gabby show but like I
don't know if like they're friends I
thought they've like done Vlogs and
stuff together or whatever I'm not like
100 whatever like I don't I don't
remember I think I've seen them in
videos together that's all I'm getting
at
um but I don't like follow her I know
who she has been I don't follow her yeah
ricegum does not strike me as the person
to strike her but he is kind of a d-bag
a little bit and I've heard that outside
of the camera that he is kind of a jerk
um
after hearing a lot of the stuff from
both sides
um you know watching ricegum's Interview
Keem I watch Gabby's video she made you
know the Snapchats and then also after
the fact
um there was a friend of hers that's
like a tattoo artist that watched the
video he made I forget his name
something Lacoste or something I watched
his video
um
I and then I watched a bunch of Rice's
stuff where he talks about the situation
I do think
if somebody came up to me at a party and
was like recording me and it's like a
private party was like for a friend or
something which it was a birthday party
somebody's coming up to me and they're
like recording me and I'm like hey cut
that out don't do that hey cut that out
don't post that I don't want you know
and they're like trolling me like really
messing with me
um in like the middle of this like
situation with a bunch of people yeah I
get pissed off right I'd be pretty
pissed off I don't know if I'd take
their phone and smash it I can almost
guarantee that would not be a thing I
would do yeah
um I would most likely leave yeah
because I would just get up and leave
the situation oh don't like break her
phone but like she made it sound
originally and I mean people are hyped
up when stuff goes down people people
get amped up they haven't really had a
time to process what would happen and
she said he hit her
um and then later she kind of cleared it
up in her YouTube video and said like he
was fighting with her and he had like
scratched her he wasn't saying he beat
her up or anything so I do believe it
got physical he grabbed the phone he
smashed the phone and he might have left
some scratch marks on her from the tug
of war of the phone and like trying to
grab it and stuff yeah so I think
honestly they're both in the wrong he
gave her 2200 bucks she sent some back
but she did get a new phone
um she was wrong for messing with him
um and trying to record him and stuff
when he's just chilling there or
whatever
um but also with the type of videos he
makes he should be able to take it yeah
if you can dish it you should take it
yeah
um
like a private event yeah but I don't
think he should have smashed the phone I
don't think he should have got physical
at all I definitely don't think
um she should have said he hit her
because as a guy that's that can like
ruin your career like if if somebody
pegs you out there as a as a woman
abuser and stuff like that like that's a
big thing to be labeled with
um that's not like an innocent comment
you know what I mean it's like saying
always a jerk or something like that
that adds some uh some heavy weight to
it that he could potentially lose out of
money
um sponsorship opportunities viewers you
know subs and like that's a big deal so
I feel like they're both in the wrong I
feel like now that he gave her the money
they've kind of spread out that uh he
didn't hit her I think she should if she
hasn't I haven't checked it for the rest
of the day we've been gone if she hasn't
done anything in the last couple hours I
think she should somewhat apologize for
her part in it
um because she's pretty much just made
him look like a piece of crap yeah and
even though she said she kind of looks
like a piece crap because like but she
posted a thing because he made like kind
of like a threat and he's like if if she
doesn't admit that you know that didn't
really happen it's gonna get much worse
and she made it sound like oh he's
threatening me it's like no like if
you're lying about me I'm gonna say the
same type of thing like yeah it's gonna
get worse if you keep saying that I did
things I didn't do yeah um and he even
talked about maybe taking it to that
legal level
you know slander and and suing her but
honestly I don't think it should go to
all that I think they should go their
separate ways and whatever you know she
should apologize I feel like maybe if
she doesn't even apologize at least like
make another video clarifying he didn't
hit her you know and just be about it
yeah well then like she did say like it
wasn't like a hit it was like but that
was like a nine minute video yeah you
know just make a statement on Twitter
people aren't going to watch your nine
minute video ever for every second most
most people that aren't like
Drama videos like that are gonna draw or
just the story of drama is going to draw
way more people than are actually going
to watch the nine minute video exactly
it's the same thing as like when uh when
something goes on the news that
somebody's accused of a crime and like
the whole world's like oh my God they're
horrible people like everything's bad
and it's like oh they didn't do it or
something it's not like that news story
about like exonerating them is as big as
the other one like people who saw that
are still gonna think like oh this is a
bad person yeah you know what I mean
that's just the way the world is though
yeah
um it is a really big deal though
YouTubers have done worse than their
channels are so successful I think it's
bad for either uh I think it's bad for
YouTube in general whenever there's
drama like this
um especially with how YouTube is
nowadays it this is a professional
business essentially we make money
through Advertiser content you know what
I mean like that's why we're getting ads
pulled on YouTube that's a whole other
problem that's going on right now with
advertisers leaving people talk about
extremist views and stuff like that but
also there's probably going to be
advertisers that don't want their ads on
videos talking about abusing women yeah
or on a channel for someone accused of
abusing women so I mean that's that's a
huge thing it goes hand in hand yeah
um now what's the funniest thing about
this
is uh how about we just move on to
another topic drama doesn't do any
Community good well all right we move up
that because I'm done with everything I
say but the other thing I do want to
talk about it's not drama but it is
drama alert is Keen with that thank you
Coke that was so funny to me oh my God
yeah so YouTube ad uh advertisers been
pulling out like crazy because of this
all this stuff going on but anyway
keemstar and scarce came up with this
idea that they were gonna bring a viewer
or bring advertisers back but like
offering free promo and keema thought
Coke was still a sponsor which I had
already pulled out but he didn't know
and he made like this whole video this
whole meme about like thank you Coke for
staying like Michael Green which is uh I
think that's his name uh kid behind a
camera or whatever he made a video about
it like pouring Pepsi down the toilet
like drink Coke he's like thanks Coke
and like all this stuff because it came
like starting all this stuff and they
had pulled their advertisements and Kim
was like so livid like right after he
posted this video had been like blowing
it up all over Twitter all day like
talking about there they have a plan to
save YouTube all all this stuff and then
Coke's not even a sponsor it's so funny
that's like the biggest like
well-intentioned but obviously huge epic
fail it was hilarious
uh my mom thinks I'm Advertiser friendly
I want that shirt I want the it's the
from Philip DeFranco I want that shirt I
think that that's awesome yeah
oh let's see any publicity is good
publicity I mean that's true and false
there's some people that things have
killed them like uh what was his name
Sam Pepper or whatever that dude got
destroyed the the sexual allegations
against that dude he he was like one of
the biggest YouTubers at the time and
that dude got decimated yeah uh Adam
Saleh I mean his Channel's still
thriving but it's the same thing as like
Joey Salas I mean people are gonna want
controversy
um I don't even look at that as like
drama I mean yeah kind of whatever but
it's more controversy to me oh yeah so
Ronald gives rights of a huge ricegum a
huge L you said that earlier
I wonder who's Ronald hmm
who's Ronald I want to see that sure
um I know Jesse Wellens in uh Andy
Milonakis hated him a giantale
um I need that hot same smile in my life
you can tell if she's not on her game
I'm like I'm just mad frustrated I'm
just mad
hungry uh yeah kids is no joke LOL
that's a killer I really want the shirt
that didn't stop R Kelly I don't know
man R Kelly I mean anytime you're in the
news it's gonna pump your name up but I
think it kind of it kind of depends on
how Society sees what you're doing at
the time
um
let's see
if you take your hat off you will look
like a thumb you don't know that you
don't know that that's okay you don't
know that don't send me my ghost story
that's right if you all have ghost
stories if you all have any kind of like
Paranormal experience stories send them
to hugnuckles gmail.com hug knuckles
it was really hard because it's like
backwards yeah gmail.com
and we're gonna go over them but maybe
if they're good enough they if they seem
interesting we may post them you mean
you're hangry she's super hangry I'm
super hungry
I love like the names of some of the
some of the people on Twitch
Sam just eat the food and be
I like to eat my fries first oh yeah she
does whatever
um they made a video with Ronald
McDonald dissing YouTubers oh I heard
that somebody did say that Ronald
McDonald dissing YouTubers oh yeah oh
yeah we did see that
um what kind of sandwich you're eating
she has a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich
like a classic Chick-fil-A chicken
sandwich and I'm putting ketchup on it
she's putting ketchup on it we're not
gonna be doing this much longer anyway
we're gonna we're gonna be ending the
live stream and not too long
because we got some stuff we got videos
making we have an assignment this is due
yes
which I don't even know what it is yet
hashtag always prepared
record oh it's rackaracko Ronald
McDonald oh my God
lyrics not following what up
um let's see what's going down does some
mjolnir yes it is
um oh my funny comment from earlier Sam
I think I could fit that in
say I'm phrasing I love that hug your
wife damn it
oh I'm hungry
oh
you taste salty girl that's probably my
base you don't taste salty at all damn
she was quick to defend that but she's
it's not dirt it's Bass
she did not taste salty by the way
um are you guys married yes we have made
in January where'd you get your hammer
in the back we got it from amazon.com
before it's wet now it's because I
licked it
um if you guys doing mystery and spooky
stuff watch them conspiracy some people
said uh Shane Dawson conspiracy theories
I would be totally down to watch that
um these be the best live streams that's
what's up oh my goodness oh Lord dude
thanks for following what it do
[Music]
um let's see
I have a million ghost stories well
that's too long to send in an email
so yeah pick two well you don't even
have to pick them we can talk about them
in Skype
dadknuckles
um Josh don't cut me off like last week
give me a sec okay I'll give you a
second
um there's another Ronald McDonald from
I'm tearing down KFC advertising side
what I want to see it
the heck
I'm good
I'm good as I'm like choking the death
over here will you add me on Facebook
maybe possibly are we friends
um my you nice says LOL
awesome welcome back Chelsea what's
going down
um you know what I saw something that
John Trump posted I'm not gonna get in
the whole JonTron thing because people
don't want to hear about Drama Oh My God
yeah thanks uh jug a little boy 69.
I like the big games or something I
didn't see with those
um
I saw this picture from JonTron where
it's like a McDonald's with like a
headless Ronald McDonald outside and
he's like they're up in their marketing
or something like that I thought that
was hilarious yeah hashtag hot daddy
what up hot daddy
um let's see when are you going to visit
the Philippines hopefully in January we
don't know yet we've been in talks I've
been in talks with another channel that
is going uh to the Philippines next year
so there will be people going I did not
know about this
um
adobo sandwich it's going in February
really no that's cool shout out to
anybody who watches adobo sandwich
they're really cool I like them if you
don't check them out they're really nice
people I like them a lot
um the heck that broke
oh by the way for not being active
college has me on odd hours we're on
some pretty crazy hours right now too
Sam's doing
um she has her regular part-time job we
started doing this favorite thing we got
the YouTube stuff going on we're going
out of town this weekend we're also
full-time students
that's a lot of things yeah that is many
things
what's the ja today
rocking the ja today
I don't know what that means
oh snap green fire
following what up
boom green fire up on Twitter that's
awesome top comments on Twitter all day
that's what I expect
oh
I think I'm following oh yeah you are
okay
I really want my sandwiches but we can't
both be eating because then I can't talk
why try to watch I can do it Philippines
what is that
Zandy Reyes I like your name sounds cool
I dig that Zandy from doing these live
streams and stuff I see like the coolest
names sometimes I also see some of the
dumbest names legit I see some of the
most ridiculously dumb names
um but there's some really cool ones
studying what we are both mass
communications students
um I was previously an English major and
an I.T major I almost had a networking
degree actually but we're doing mass
communication electronic media we
basically want to do what we do now any
form of like electronic media or
entertainment social media oh James
Avery yeah I thought we've talked about
that we have talked about this with
Brandon
um
beer YouTube TV whatever
um we actually have someone who is a uh
well alumni from one of our classes that
works for Rooster Teeth so shout out to
all the Ruby fans
somebody that was in the same classes a
couple years ago he was like talking
about how they work at rooster team
um there's a raw McDonald's versus
Colonel Sanders I think Colonel Sanders
would win though he's a colonel
um
shout out to my work how do you know
he's the real Telecom Philippines have a
great day everybody
Globe Telecom what up
gotta get them new day sacks I want the
new the new new day shirt yeah the one
that's like uh pop pops yeah also we
need booty-os for the uh for the for the
wall here we need budios
are you saying dim or Dem some of the
deaf I'm one of the dumbest so funny
funny little sad thing is um we're
actually having like a little party for
my family and friends for
getting married basically because we got
married like around his family oh that
part so we're having this is bad through
my mind immediately goes to WrestleMania
to WrestleMania
which whatever anyway so not our wedding
like essentially like our our wedding
party
what about WrestleMania we are having a
WrestleMania party too but anyway so
we're having it's called a happily ever
after party blah blah blah and we do
have like a wedding registry kind of
thing and like the funniest thing is on
our wedding Registries like it's like
stuff for the bookshelf
like Funko pops and like you put like
some stuff you put like some uh some
plushes plushies from OverWatch or some
OverWatch yes I admit I have the dumb
name I like your name though Sunset
Sparkle normally it's a lot of people
that come in from twitch have like
really trolley names and like some of
the dumbest stuff I've ever seen
um but some are also hilarious so it
kind of is like 50 50.
um my name is alphabetical I like that
it's a death battle from screw text
death battle is from screw attacks
um you both really need to see creepy
lip sync contestant from Philippines
sounds weird please react to Philippine
president Rodrigo duterte
duterte is that what it was uh murdering
8 000 people in just eight months wow
that's crazy isn't he doing like some
like crazy drug Crackdown or something
like killing drug dealers or something
uh 3 30 a.m I have two tests today and I
haven't started revising help uh go to
sleep
get some sleep because honestly if you
crunch and try to do everything you're
gonna do at least get a couple hours of
sleep when is it due
when do you have to be up by at least
get four hours if you can that's enough
to physically I think it's like four
hours is the minimum you need for your
brain
party am I invited you're invited
wherever I'm invited uh Adam is so edgy
he can slice right through
that's funny
um please react to this video no link it
might be on YouTube though
um let's see are you live on YouTube or
watching WrestleMania we talked about
this I wanted to do that
but since we're gonna kind of be at like
an event with her family and whatnot I
don't think we're going to I want to do
something I might do like the GoPro and
set it up on me or something for like
the the Andre Battle Royal or like the
main event matches
um just in case some crazy stuff happens
or something I don't expect but I don't
think we're gonna be able to do like a
lot of post like a video like an after
WrestleMania video
clip some cool things together
you all right
yeah once I'm done with this very much
you should eat I think you're gonna like
some dust or something up in my nose I'm
like about to fall out
um break down berries and welcome change
all about it
um let's see Josh sorry it's not working
thanks for waiting but something's up
I'll make it better next week though
smiley smiley
um let's see they aren't fat they're Fab
I'm pretty fat I mean at least I'm gonna
be honest about I'm not the I'm not one
of those people in denial
that's like oh I'm not fat like I'm just
big boned or whatever and I'm big I've
been big my whole life but I am coming
down and I'm working on it I think
everybody's a work in progress at
something if you're gonna point the
finger and talk some trash about
somebody with their problems honestly if
you take a long hard look in the mirror
it's probably not gonna be that hard of
a look before you find something wrong
um so keep working on yourself every day
be work in progress getting better as
soon as you fix something you have
something else to fix don't ever give up
life is a marathon not a race you gotta
get all the way through it it's it's not
like a it's not like a 10K you gotta get
all the way through it yes all right
pace yourself keep going never give up
yes uh let's see please break down
videos we'll see
we did the same way that at the
wedding
I'm trying to imagine next to the
T-shirt dress no I actually didn't wear
a hat
and I wear a button up with a tie
there's a video there is a video it's
called on our Channel sister question
mark
um because a lot of people think your
brother and sister we got married no Sam
wore a beautiful dress and see with
white kicks that were like painted
uh I just love you guys I love your
reactions from the Philippines love your
Jam's life what up
um let's see what do you think about
Donald Trump
we don't talk about politics I love
Celebrity Apprentice yeah I absolutely
love Celebrity Apprentice for the many
years I thought it was really cool that
was a lot of fun
um I'm a big fan of Home Alone series I
think his work in the Home Alone series
was very good
um
heard he's got a big job now or
something I heard he got promoted or
something happened yeah oh no I haven't
heard that much about him yeah I don't
know I wasn't at like the miss American
or like yeah I think he's Miss America
now yeah I think he's Miss America
something like that people are really
mad about it though I don't know I think
some people Steve Harvey got into it
you know what I don't know what happened
I think so I salute you for ignoring
negative comments some douchebag while
you notice your physical appearance and
all your awesome videos hey the more
people that come and watch my art
content and
contribute let's put that in air quotes
and in any way they want hey they're
spending their time hanging out with us
too if they want to waste their time
typing out comments that's time they're
spending here with us still a part of
the community whatever yes doesn't mean
I have to read it out loud though
um let's see please react this is
breakdown berries and welcome change I
wonder what that is what's up Ninja
Warrior 2002
now when y'all starting TV reactions we
talked about this quite a few times now
that we just I don't think that was
gonna happen yeah because it takes too
much time yeah with everything else we
have going on because it would end up
being kind of like uh
we wouldn't be consistent with it like
we may have a couple episodes
that's the only thing we're doing
um for money when that's when we can
make our full-time living off of YouTube
then we could probably do that but right
now yeah we just because I don't have
nothing I work part-time and then we do
the favor thing now and then we go to
full school full time and it's like we
don't got time yeah I mean we have many
jobs currently yeah
um honestly the best YouTubers right
here thanks Alex I'm appreciate that
yeah it makes me feel good have you all
seen the new trailer for Injustice
League I haven't seen either and I love
Justice League
um I I'm so stoked I'm super hyped for
Aquaman with Jason Momoa if you uh if
you're a fan in the Stream if you watch
because I probably don't talk about any
videos I love Aquaman Aquaman's like one
of my favorite uh superheroes the Jeff
uh Jones version of uh of Aquaman
um Jason Momoa thinks me really good and
I think Justice League in general is
gonna be good
as they preach whatever you guys need to
do this more than once a week we've
talked about it
um let's see
just seen the preview new Planet of the
Apes I fell off Planet of the Apes a
while ago I haven't watched the new ones
in in quite a while
um update on my Chick-fil-A
it's they close in 20 minutes and
nobody's messaged me I thought you've
been a little bit of support do they
never they never responded and I said
did you know that Chick-fil-A closes in
24 minutes
and that was you know five minutes ago
they're messing up
but I'm a completely different person
because I got to eat my sandwich
[Music]
um let's see what was your wedding cake
like we didn't have a wedding cake no we
are gonna have stuff at the party so the
Wrestlemania actually you know what we
did have a wedding cake duh oh yeah your
parents yeah I was thinking like so we
had an actual reception yeah my parents
got us like this fruit it was like a it
was like a was it like a tri-level or
two well actually we had two
different layers well firstly honest
cupcakes to smash each other was it like
a cupcake with like a cupcake on top of
it it was like
yeah it was weird but no we'd like to
listen in each other's face
um it has like bananas and strawberries
and stuff and it was really good it was
really good I'm like I completely forgot
about that it had like we didn't have
like a traditional reception after my
family and her parents we all went out
my sister like reserved this really cool
room
um for obviously like this private room
in this Italian restaurant and it was
legit like it was it was like family
style serving and they brought a cake in
and they gave gifts it was really cool
it was awesome yeah um but what kind of
sucks is like Sam Sam I didn't get to be
a part of anything other than her
parents were there so that's why like
this
um
this party uh this weekend is for her
side of the family my friends that are
down here and her friends of course yeah
um that's more what that's for is
because they couldn't be there you know
or celebrate with us or have fun so this
is kind of our chance to do that yeah um
it was pretty cool but what my mom has
ordered is cupcakes so it's not gonna be
like a cake but it's gonna be cupcakes
but we did have a cake
keep your eyes on my Instagram because
I'm gonna post it in my in my Twitter
I'll probably post a picture of both I
might even post it to our Facebook page
do you guys play Minecraft I have before
post what to my uh the picture of the
WrestleMania 33 cake that I'm gonna make
probably what we should post it to HK TV
uh Facebook page on Twitter
hktv doesn't have a Twitter does it no
but I'm saying our twitters oh yeah yeah
well I'm saying I don't use Instagram
you got to eat I didn't get to eat I'm
I'm fading over here you know I'm
talking now I'm good
I really it's like smiling upside down
oh I should really try to joining up
with this are you watching WrestleMania
this Sunday yes yes
um let's see what's up so many reaction
videos separate you from them is how
genuine your reactions are cubes of good
work we're 100 100 of the time I mean
probably like 99 100 of the time yeah
because I mean I I try to like stay
positive our intros and outros
regardless of how if we're having a bad
day or a good day so I will say that's
the only time you'll see me like if I'm
not acting like how I actually feel but
as far as reactions of videos go 100 100
yeah
and by the fact me telling you I only
keep it 100 99 of the time means I'm 100
100 of the tap knuckle down you really
are I will I will say that he's like
always on and I'm like
I'm not always on guys I'm just saying
it's just my person if I'm more quiet in
a video you can tell like I'm hungry I'm
tired
or something Aquaman looks awesome in
the trailer hey from Algeria legit
Knuckles will be as big as pews one day
I you know what that'd be cool I don't
know if I'd ever want that he can't go
anywhere
you know what I mean like I think that's
so cool to like transport you around the
world but I'm saying like he
'd go to the mall
there's a lot of people might not know
him but anywhere that you would go where
there's people somebody's gonna know him
you know what I mean it's like Katy
Perry for you because you love Katy
Perry she can't go anywhere people are
gonna know you gotta like
go in Disguise and stuff to go anywhere
like military is in public she looks
ratchet
this is the thing about Fame okay I want
to acquire Fame to spread my message my
personality my uh hopefully
entertainment to people that's why I
want fame it's just so so I know more
people will see what I do
um but I don't really want the the
celebrity side of that which is like you
can't go anywhere in public by yourself
you people always want stuff from you
like you're always like you you become
like expected to believe certain things
or do certain things yeah like I don't I
don't envy people for that side of it
whenever I see celebrities I kind of
feel bad for that part of their lives
yeah I agree so I mean like would I want
to be as big as PewDiePie one day I
would love to reach as many people and
and have an impact in as many people's
lives as PewDiePie but look at what
happened with him in the Wall Street
Journal like when you're a public figure
like that people are going to take
people keep saying people will take
shots at you like
you know yeah from anywhere from about
anything yeah people will dredge up
stuff from like 10 years of your past
and be like why'd you say this on that
Tuesday I don't know yeah
exactly and also like I just want to be
like all all I really want is to be able
to make YouTube videos and travel the
world like I mean if that's like all I
get out of it like
that's fine with me like I want to be
able to just go to the Philippines and
not have to worry about it you know I
want to make enough money to support a
family you know we want to have kids I
want to make enough money to support a
family pay my debt and live comfortably
like I don't need uh you know you see
these YouTubers go out buy Lambos and
 I mean nothing against like you
know KSI is like a big one he has a
Lambo nothing against them but that's
not what I want I'm not about that life
and I'm real big I'm like an okay car I
wanted a nice car yeah enough to support
a family of a couple kids yeah and then
like like I said like travel whenever we
want but for me it's not as much about
travel I know travel is Big to you yeah
down to travel but I'm saying like I'm
not like when you say like be able to go
to the Philippines we're not talking
about like oh we're going to the
Philippines this week and you know we're
going you know what I mean it's like be
able to travel and see the world when we
want to yeah but not like we're not like
spend like yeah months there like some
people go and spend months everybody's
like no I'm gonna go there a week go
home for like six months go somewhere
else you know go home for six months and
like make like bigger videos when we go
like actually set out to be like all
right well we're gonna do this trip for
a video like we're gonna Vlog this trip
and you know that's the kind of thing
that I want exactly a lot of people are
saying they want us to do the stream
more than once a week
we've talked about doing an early
morning one and a late night one but
we've wanted to do those um kind of like
Friday morning after Thursday night yeah
I don't know so I don't know like what
you guys are wanting but we did do a
Friday last Friday morning we did a live
stream and we had like 145 people that
come in yeah like instantly 145 people
in like we did like a 10-minute stream
and then we posted it and it got like 20
000 views so
it's pretty crazy
um let's see never eating there again go
to Chick-fil-A it's not Chick-fil-A's
fault well it actually is Chick-fil-A's
fault well no I blame the dude because
he didn't look in my bag and make sure
my fries were there yeah but it is
that's what you do
um let's see guys I loved your channel
one of my favorite thing to you time
check 10 48 p.m here am here in the
Philippines your setup is awesome thank
you I worked really hard to get all this
the the like stuff that's up on there
yeah um and Sam worked really hard to
actually put it up because Sam's the one
that drilled though all the all the
stuff to put on the wall yeah we should
have made a video of us putting that
freaking uh shelf together with that
bookcase
that was like an experience of us
putting that together also like I'm kind
of like super intense about things being
straight and so like really bothers me
because like right here like this is
level like this is long and I'm like
yeah
also shout out the uh the Hulk was
bought by our best friends yes the
holiday and the Dakota and Michael and
the swims yeah that thing
over there right here right in that
region right there okay
they bought that too
um and then her mom thought that that
thing this this right here
and also one of these I don't remember
which one of these she bought yeah we
have so many might have been this little
like wooden I think she bought one of
the this wooden one right here yeah
Sam's mom bought
shout out that makes sense I don't know
I should put my mugs up there because I
never drink on them her cousin got me
these really cool mugs and also this
bb-8 that you can't really see because
of top comments in the way but I saw
this one in a Hobby Lobby or was it a
Hobby Lobby that I don't know where
where I was actually Walmart we got that
together oh that one yeah oh that the
glass one yeah yeah I thought you're
talking about our our big bb-8 no also a
lot of you guys it's really hard things
are backwards
stuff a lot of you guys have been saying
you like the little robot up there
between bb8 and the bowling pin that was
from last month's Loot Crate yep and so
just keep your eyes on that because we
haven't built the new Loot Crate Box
thing which is a dinosaur I think I
think it is I don't know we're probably
gonna be putting that up there soon
let's do a giveaway for the Rope for the
robot give away the robot give away the
robot that'd be sad then we'd also be
putting a box in the Box yeah that'd be
weird um make enough to take care of
parents I do of course want to be able
to to help my parents and those who help
me in life I'm a big fan like a big
thing about me is support the people who
support you so the people who are there
the people who are your Rider dies like
I'm a feaster fam in person yeah you're
either there with me you know in hard
times and not or you're not at all yeah
um so it's kind of that way with me and
that's why I try so hard to like be
communicative with our subs with the
people who come in and hang out with us
because I want you to know like 100 how
much it means to us that you guys are
supportive to us and our content and our
our channels our dreams and everything
we do that's why I try so hard uh to
give back to be able to like have a back
and forth because it means a lot to me
you guys support us especially the
people who've been here the day one the
people been here since like a thousand
subs or less uh the the people who were
here watching me when I was making like
terrible terrible content yeah why were
you so you know what I mean but there
were people in the beginning
that I would not be making videos right
now we would not be doing this if it
weren't for uh people who were like I
see something in you I think you could
be a really big Channel when I was
making videos that were getting like 100
views in like 10 comments talking about
how horrible I was yeah you know what I
mean but there was something like I I
see some in you I could just
can like I think you know you'll come
into it and like it was comments like
that and people like that who still to
this day we get comments on our videos
even though we get so many more comments
and so many more views I still each time
we see one of those comments I'm like
all right this we're doing what we're
supposed to be doing we're we're doing I
remember things the way we want to do it
how sad you would get when you'd get a
bad comment yeah
I feel like
this person said this and I'd be like
you gotta keep going and he you never
gave up Sam's singing that Linkin Park
be on the lookout we got video coming up
with some Linkin Park
um I'm not saying you guys are amazing
as far as keeping contact with us thank
you for that thank you for keeping
contact with us do you guys have a
patreon we do but it is like the world's
worst set up patreon yeah if you go to
any of our videos it has a link to our
patreon we have like a couple of tiers
somebody's been gracious enough to be
like a one dollar Patron for a while but
like we the the like reward tiers we
have is like ridiculous I I keep saying
I need to redo it but I don't know like
how do you like ask for money how are
you like if you give me ten dollars I'll
I'll be your friend and talk to you like
but like we do anybody who Subs yeah and
then it's like you'll get to do Google
Hangout with us what I think if any of
you guys like wanted that like yeah we
would do that we would do it anyway so
it's like I don't know I just don't get
it for money to be like a good person
then I thought about like sending like
autographed something but I'm like who
would want My Autograph exactly I mean
that's weird I don't know yeah it's kind
of crazy
um I don't know the way I look at it I'm
like
I get why people have patreon I get why
people you know do that system to get
support because it is helpful you don't
get to worry about ad Revenue you don't
got to worry about you know it's uh
Boogie talked about it he said it's like
peace of mind that's what patreon does
um but I just always thought it was
weird of like yeah I don't know because
like yeah and then going back to like
what we want to do like I'm I'm like
whenever you said like you want to give
back and stuff it's like that's like one
of my main things like I like you know
like I always want to give back but it's
like whenever it comes to like asking
it's like I couldn't I can't do that at
all you know what I mean we're I just
needed to know so I could join well I
appreciate it if you want to be a patron
of ours that is really cool
um
thank you that's all I can really say
that's another thing people give us good
comments and and I used to kind of trip
out on her because like she's really bad
at accepting compliments
um because like you know
I'll tell her like she's beautiful or
that I love her and this is what I love
about you guys too and I'll get to this
too in a second is she doesn't like know
how to respond to that because like
sometimes she doesn't feel that way and
she should and just looking by the
amount of comments that she gets like
positive comments all the time about how
beautiful how pretty she is and stuff
like that she's not very good at taking
compliments and I used to see that right
now I used to see that as a bad thing
but like people tell me like oh man
you're you guys make really good videos
like oh you know we love you hug
Knuckles and all that stuff and whatever
man this person's like persistent and
angry I thought you already blocked them
I did I thought damn
some people just
sad thirsty tonight
yeah they got banned
thank you Jen all right cool
um let's see so let's talk about oh okay
so people say like oh we love your
content or like hi Knuckles you're
awesome and stuff and I'm like I never
know what to say like someone messaged
me in Discord the other day I'm like
thank you like I don't you know what I
mean like I don't know what to say like
and you literally said like I don't know
what to say you know like I do but
that's like I don't know what else to
say other than that you know because
it's like I appreciate it so much when
anybody takes the time of the day to a
watch our content at all
um but then go out of their way to like
be like reach out to us and they're like
oh I love what you guys do like that's
so crazy to me yeah you know what I mean
like it's just crazy to me that people
care enough to do that
um Tim sippy get bad like crazy
I think there's like somebody out there
that's a little jelly because they're
making multiple girls they're making
multiple accounts to go hate yeah I feel
like that's somebody who got who got uh
I don't know losing some subs or
something I'm not sure
um I do feel like we have haters in the
community a little bit yeah well I know
we do somebody made a video about us but
yeah if you ever saw that we had
somebody who made a drama video about us
and we weren't having it because we're
not about that life we keep it positive
yeah
um you're both so cute like a newborn
baby I love you both good luck on your
channel thanks Kim Domingo I appreciate
you Jen's got faster hands that's right
I got the fast Knuckles Jen's got the
fast hands that's why Jan modded the
month what a Jen's amount of month every
month though honestly Jen's like he's
been OG he's been like the mod that
stuck around Jen's been like super OG
well then you know um who was it that's
that came in and said like hey I got
taken off mod he was like a very
surprised I think he was one of our very
first moments he was our very first
donor where's where's Mark I miss Mark
no he wasn't up for his donor was he
yeah he was one of our first I thought
sorry kalaha was our first one I don't
remember oh yeah I think kalaha it was
one of them they they both honestly set
up our against Cindy damn somebody's so
angry
um what was I gonna say so kalaha set up
our Discord though
set up all of like our bots on our
Discord set up all these channels set up
all kinds of stuff like they've been
legit as well all of our mods are
awesome all of our models but even and
even if you're not a mod you're super
yeah one person like specifically our
modzo because they're doing stuff to
help us out like they yeah they're
helping everyone out by doing what they
do like right now we're just talking to
you guys and they're deleting all these
weird comments they're getting rid of
all this stuff like just dropping the
band hammer on people like me that is
our band Hammer but in spiritual form
all of our mods has a version of that
yes they're just bashing them on the
head
um
I feel like we were talking about
something that went awesome oh anyway
but we get those comments I don't know
what to say to it I honestly I I can't
express how thankful I am to everybody
that takes time of their day to come in
the live stream to comment and tell us
like you appreciate our content because
honestly that that's just huge to me
um and it wasn't until I started getting
compliments like that that I like kind
of understand it is kind of hard to
respond to a compliment
it really is
[Music]
because I don't know what to say if you
need more mods I would do my best
let me see Dashie should be a mod yeah
she should Dashie Dashie should be a mod
there she made like although people are
always like there's so many mods people
are always like we need more obviously
because we're still seeing the hate yeah
there we go what else we got up in here
think so
yeah yeah no
yeah no yeah no
no
okay oh guess what guys one minute till
on customer support just emailed me and
were they like oh hey
there we go
boom
Okay cool so we fixed this up a little
bit you'll get paid with love I do
honestly believe that is that uh when uh
you put good things out in the world
like it comes back to you so like we
made a lot of videos for a long time we
didn't get paid we still don't make
enough to pay any of our bills at all
um you know most of our bills at least
we make enough to pay some of our bills
but definitely not all
um but I feel like just putting out good
into the world
um and really kind of like
I don't know just being open and putting
yourself out there you you get it back
you do and that's why I put on Twitter I
had this long like kind of Twitter thing
about like living your life and chasing
your dreams and stuff like that and that
if you have the chance to take a shot
take it
um and don't live with regret you can
always try to come back from a mistake
but you can't come back from regret
because you already miss the opportunity
um so I really believe that personally
that's what I said just I'm putting it
up there Alyssa I was gonna make you a
mod and Sam at first said no and then
changed her mind I'm just putting it out
there I just feel like we have too many
I'll just put it out there but whatever
I trust all of them whatever yeah and
why does that make Alyssa a mod she's
like and I gotta go bye
hater writers right as I make her a mod
she leaves
um all right but we're gonna roll anyway
it is after 10 o'clock our time we may
have another live stream up because it
seems like everybody wants us to to do
some more live streams um and hopefully
we can do some of those again and uh you
know this week maybe not this weekend
we'll try I'm gonna try to do something
this weekend for Wrestlemania or
whatever I don't know what I'm gonna be
able to do but I'm gonna try to do
something and I will say look out you
know had we planned out this whole party
with the happily Ever After Party the
day before had we planned it a little
bit better things would have been
different but whenever we planned it we
weren't like hey WrestleMania is that
weekend yeah we didn't think about it we
didn't think about it we didn't look
into it um so that actually I did think
about it but I didn't know that we had
more I thought we only had one choice of
date
but I was wrong I didn't know it so I
was just like oh whatever I guess that's
what's up all right guys but we will see
you soon thank you so much for coming
out and being a part of the stream you
make our Thursdays great and honestly
you make our everyday is great to be
honest
um we love you so very much thank you
for being supportive to us as always
chasing our dreams him knuckling down
that was cheesy but okay I love you guys
bye
my
my bye
