filipino food
especially the street food it's some of
the most underrated in southeast asia
wow i'm sure you've seen balloon or even
beautifully roasted the tone that is
ridiculous but when you dig deeper
you'll find there's so much more to
filipino cuisine
[Music]
in this series we're exploring manila's
street food scene with indulgent recipes
guaranteed to spike your blood pressure
that is so delicious but first we'll
make a pit stop in nearby pampanga where
you'll find some seriously strange oh
you can eat the arms apparently i think
i'm doing it but seriously
it all starts now in the philippines
culinary capital
we've got this right here oh i know this
one chicken skits yummy
in this market we'll start the day with
a delightfully bizarre fried treat that
locals are losing their head over but
before that an appetizer
i love this skin so much and here you
guys were like why even eat the meat
because with us we don't want to waste
any parts of the animals where is the
meat by the way um where is it hiding is
it exported
it's so like over fried that it almost
tastes like pork rind yeah pork chicken
can you hear it like
when you crunch it meet pat luck 24 year
old producer and model agent born and
raised in manila today we'll be trying a
lot of firsts for us both there's a bit
of a theme today it's down just food in
papua but it's some of the more exotic
extreme things that you're gonna find in
the philippines or elsewhere and so i
don't know if this food is going to be
extreme for you for you maybe it's no
big deal what chicken intestines that's
like an average tuesday what about
chicken head never had that yet
that's what that is this is the chicken
head chicken head discarded in many
parts of the world while yrc chicken is
selling over 10 pounds of chicken heads
each day but not until they dress it up
a bit
here they coat the head and flour and
deep fry
this is one of many unique offerings
here at totobeats market a collective of
over 20 street food vendors
there's a couple different sauces here
this looks like vinegar sauce and then
this is sweet chili sauce so a couple
different options
it mostly tastes like fried goodness
surprisingly it tastes like chicken it
tastes chicken
oh do you see that why is that that's a
brain oh wow here have that piece thank
you so much yeah you're so welcome stick
your finger in there you can peel it out
with your finger oh my god it's gooey in
the inside that's what i'm saying see
that is all just brain matter that is
every embarrassing memory the chicken's
ever had
[Music]
creamy very creamy rich buttery almost
the taste of the liver but like more
creamy yeah i agree it has a little bit
of that like kind of minerality to it
i'm saying i'm pretty impressed all the
flavor is just masked by that fried
exterior and then even if that's too
much for you you just give it a little
bit of a dip
you did a great job i love already that
it's our first food and you've never
tried it before even though you've been
in manila your whole life i'm in my
twenties gonna live my life to the
fullest sure yeah and i'm old and i've
lived most my life i had a good life so
if i die today
our next iconic location found a way to
turn this into one of this country's
most beloved national dishes this is a
historic location especially in the food
history of this country but before we
talk about the food this restaurant is
known for i want to ask you an unusual
question
why are filipinos so obsessed with
chicken ass
it tastes good
whether it's chicken head or chicken ass
folks in the philippines will find a way
to make this under-appreciated meat into
a masterpiece here it's marinated in a
secret savory sauce before being tossed
over charcoal i don't even know what
chicken ass look like without the
feathers and all it's done
this is actually the bum right here it's
like a pointy bum because that's where
all the tail feathers would be sticking
out of
[Music]
wow
you don't have to tell me twice
this is unbelievably juicy yeah there's
a unique combination of fat and protein
and skin altogether so when you bite
into it really explodes with some juicy
flavor i bet this is yummy with rice as
well we're in the philippines
everything's yummy with rice
that's just kind of a starter we're here
because we want to talk about cc yes cc
the original recipe for sisig was breed
into existence here in 1974. she tried
how to utilize the big ear so that will
not go two ways to mix it with other
meat parts serve it to the guests and
they loved it
[Music]
had no idea her remixing of affordable
humble ingredients would transform her
into a culinary legend it is everywhere
and it's remarkable because the
philippines is an archipelago with
hundreds of islands and i can hop 20
islands away and they're still gonna
have cece today lucy's granddaughter
carmina is keeping the legacy alive now
cece has taken on a life of its own and
they make it differently sometimes they
put an egg on it sometimes they put
mayonnaise how do you feel about that
mine is original because i know that
people will come here for the original
season pretty much all cc you find
around the country will have fried up
pieces of pig face on a hot cast iron
skillet but the og the one that started
it all begins with the whole pig head
cut down into more manageable portions
then plopped in salty boiling water for
over an hour
the head chunks are chopped down even
more and cooked again over charcoal
before it was made to treat dizziness
well i heard it's a popular drinking
food right yeah so in that way it is
kind of treating dizziness yes after
roasting is time for the chopping block
where bits of forehead cheek chin and
ears become lost in a mutilated mash of
face parts before hitting the cast iron
skillet along with onions chilies
vinegar and salt
this is seasick and all other sea seeds
can kiss this cc's chicken ass
the time has come we're waiting for the
cece okay pretty epic it's like a
filipino fajita it's so oily like mine
is a volcano of pork grease i have a
calamansi here this is to give you a
more sour taste oh i like that you
filter the seeds yes so i could eat it
right away without any water it is hard
to believe that this is all just a bunch
of mutilated pieces of face they chopped
it really well yeah you wouldn't know no
here it is first time eating the
original cc let's go for it
[Music]
oh that's delicious first of all it's
like smoky from the cast iron it has
that hay kind of flavor to it yeah this
is tremendous i mean it's just rich
decadent oily over the top i need the
rice right now because it's so rich
the guy behind you got three piles of
rice
it's basically he got cheesy flavored
rice i mean he has so much rice over
there what's this maybe this is the ear
i think i got the treasure right there
guys go for it i'm a little bit jealous
what the heck it melts in your mouth is
it an ear i think it's an ear it can be
a nostril for all you know as long as
it's yummy
i think this is like a good meal after
their day's work after a day's work it's
new what time do you quit working oh
really it's your lunch
many foods in papua have roots that go
back to colonial times in times of
necessity in times when resources were
limited folks had to get creative with
what they had the food in pampanga is
very distinguished because the spaniards
colonized us for a very long time they
trained filipinas to be their cook on
the other side we also have this side of
poverty during the war so we were able
to create food from the farm over time
this magic that could be worked with pig
faces or chicken butts became part of
what's now known as kappapangan cuisine
hi i'm here today to learn more about
your food she's here for free food
you have a couple different things you
have frogs and then you have some bugs
those are mole crickets
wow hello there first time seeing you
the mole cricket found in rice fields
after harvest season that's between
august and september this is a cap of
pagan treasure so you said people are
flocking here from manila to eat these
yeah they cannot find it just anywhere
and they know we are a kapampangan
restaurant so they expect us to serve
camarou first fry onion garlic and
tomato this recipe centers around
dressing up an incredibly affordable
readily available protein source add
some salt some fish sauce and that's it
i would say most people in manila
haven't tried this before i think this
is the first time that's in front of me
help me dear god survive this you can
see there's tomato onion garlic just a
load of seasonings in here i've got a
big fork full i'm about to fork myself
all right cheers cheers
[Music]
mmm fascinating flavor is out of this
world yeah the flavor is good the
texture is something different i mean
the body its big abdomen is just filled
up with this liquid and these flavors
but they're still like the little legs
so would you say that this bugs you i'm
leaving
i have an idea i mean they're the
experts but i think if you put peanuts
or something else in here crunchy
chicharron then it could blend with the
texture then you would kind of forget
about it it's a bug that it's a bun if
you enjoy eating crickets you have
something in common with our next food
the frog
our authentic way is
mean stuffed frog with ground pork
carrots onions and it's belly yeah it's
like a thanksgiving frog do you need to
do you need to
in a bowl of ground pork he adds the
local herb alagoa then onions and carrot
mix and season with rock salt and pepper
now this mixture is stuffed into the
frog somewhere around where the head
used to be
you have to be very careful so that the
stomach will be intact so normally if
you were not stuffing these people would
just sit the stomach open pull out
everything but since it's going to be
stuffed you've kind of just cut it off
from the collarbone and you're stuffing
it with another animal originally we
also used the smaller frogs used
a large frog
a smaller frog bathed the whole frog
fire in a blend of vinegar salt pepper
and garlic for 15 minutes
then it's one last swim
boom our next meal it's right here this
is it this is it well no there's more
after this but
[Music]
this is one of my favorite things i've
ever seen i'm not sure how to start i
want to just take a big bite out of his
belly but first i'm just going to eat
the front on top
[Music]
you can eat the arms you need everything
apparently i think i'm doing it
the bones they turn into dust in your
mouth to taste a little chicharron
you know crispy patta but like mini
crispy
it's like the world's tiniest crispy
patta brilliant all right this is the
bite i've been waiting for i think we
just dig in let's go for it
that's so awesome and weird that's not a
frog anymore hello sunshine hello
i mean this is the new contents of the
frog belly who knows how many insects
and flies and mosquitoes were in there
before but now it's like the last thing
this frog ate was a giant pork sausage
they transformed it into your turkey
thanksgiving yes for me the spine is
kind of big i'm not gonna eat the spine
i'm gonna eat around but it's pretty
easy to do to eat around it
i gotta say the word bizarre actually
fits here it is bizarre it's strange but
it works we've come a long way so far in
this video we tried a lot of new things
and actually i'm proud that these are
all things that you've never had before
but we still have one more place to go a
place where they eat
pets
today we're going to be eating one of
the more controversial foods in the
philippines as i understand it many
people in the philippines consider this
food this animal we're about to eat a
pet that is correct it's more like taboo
here in this particular area in angular
city can you reveal at last what animal
are we eating today
um rabbit
okay i feel like i'm way more
suspenseful than you
the chon is a beloved crave worthy
national dish slow roasted pork stuffed
with delicious seasonings herbs and
spices with roots in copper pankan
cooking
here in lieu of pig we'll experience
rabbit chunks i've been cooking more
than 30 years i do a lot of experiments
i just came up with this recipe and so
far so good a lot of people they like it
[Music]
[Applause]
the cleaned and skinned rabbit is
marinated in a mixture of soy sauce
black pepper salt and his secret spices
for three hours next it's stuck with a
skewer
then stuffed with chilies star anise and
lemongrass before the first aid kit is
brought out and the rabbit is sewn shut
with steel wire something tells me even
these metal stitches can't save the
rabbit now its skin is brushed and
basted with soy sauce and coconut milk
this is rabbit latone perfected by chef
calvert malaya owner of ravi chong food
hub if you need to baste it if you need
to do anything let us know i see you're
kind of keeping an eye on them too yes i
have to all right because it's very
delicate because cooking this is a lot
more difficult than pork pork just has
that natural really thick skin and it's
almost hard to screw it up but with the
rabbit how is it different it's not too
fatty so it tends to dry up and burn
real fast all right from here he's going
to finish grilling them it's a very
delicate process i don't want to
interrupt him too much i'm going to let
the man be and focus on his meat
and soon we're going to try it out for
ourselves
though it's not a common protein source
in the philippines i must say compared
to heads bugs and frogs this rabbit is
looking darn tempting
as it rotates its skin darkens and
shines like midwestern chicks on spring
breaks
when it's complete he hacks it up plates
it and it's ready to eat we've got
rabbits behind us we have rabbits in
front of us and then a multitude of
rabbit dishes starting with the
chicharron
it's very thin you can see it's not like
a pork rind which is a bit thicker yeah
and puffy it's very it's really light
but when you smell it it smells like the
regular churros it's like a diet cheese
around yeah
i think it's like a little bit more than
pork similarly to the pork similar it's
not so intense
it doesn't taste like that sinful right
diet chicharron that's amazing besides
the chicharron he's made this papa itan
or bitter soup it's made with intestines
but the real flavor the bitterness comes
from the bile
it's usually made with goat or chicken
but here your only option is rabbit i've
had papa eat on before right it's
actually my first time
the comments on this video are gonna be
like this lady has literally not had any
filipino food oh no well we're gonna get
a real close-up on your face and see
your first impression let's try it out
i hope
[Music]
that is sour sour and bitter though it
hit my throat i used to really hate
anything billy but i'm coming around now
and i think if you cook it with the
right balance of other ingredients it
can be pretty good
overall what do you think yes no overall
yes i would eat this with a rice
here this is the main event first of all
this is what the rabbit looks like right
here what i love is that it looks like a
shrink ray gun which is used on a normal
portland zone and it shrank down to this
size oh but it's not that hard it's not
crispy yeah more leathery i would say
here this is the skin let's do it
thin chewy sweet savory
it has a ton of flavor because he's just
basting the heck out of it oh you're
going for the meat
it is white meat it looks almost like
chicken breast but more juicy mmm it is
super clean and they say the rabbit meat
is more healthier and they say there's
no almost cholesterols in it right i'm
going to try this we have some skin and
some meat together here we go
even better
even better
this would be good for any event like
birthdays or christmas yeah or like a
birthday party you could start with like
a petting zoo and end with um
dinner i think we did a great job i'm
very proud of you today thank you almost
everything in this video has been new to
you so that's kind of cool from here we
need to finish both of these rabbits
before we can leave because we don't
want to waste our god's creations and so
we must consume them all
[Music]
today we're gearing up for the ultimate
heart attack tour in the city of manila
bro sunny welcome back to manila from
viscous mystery soups teaming with
random body parts is that a practical
joke by god all the way to big heavy
deep-fried pork sensations
that is so delicious it all starts here
our first dish is a killer
loamy made with thick fresh egg noodles
and a rich broth jam-packed with heavy
toppings this is the loamy you eat if
you lose your job get dumped and find
out you're adopted all on the same day
today i am back in the capital and i'm
here to try a type of food i've never
heard this name before how do you
describe it it's called futo
first chopped onions and garlic are
added to a wok with cooking oil
basically it just means food that makes
your high blood pressure high salty
soupy greasy fried fried everything with
cholesterol is good then the pork broth
season it with soy sauce secret spices
and black pepper
toss in the signature loamy egg noodles
add some coconut milk then an egg and
mix until it becomes thick
with the foundation prepped it's time
for the toppings roasted pork lumpia or
fried spring rolls liver ground pork
chinese geeky and fried garlic this is
where a reasonable man would stop but no
how about fish balls hard-boiled eggs
and finally the chicharron
this bowl of unhinged excess belongs to
andy's famous bhutanga salomi and
bulello it's 90 degrees it's very humid
and there's nothing i would rather do
than stick my whole face in this huge
heaping heavy pot of noodles and other
assorted varieties of things i think we
should start with the spring roll
[Music]
meaty and crispy it's also soaked up all
this broth that's really good this is a
pork belly
whoa that's really fatty but that is
delicious what do you think is more
special about this the toppings or
what's inside i think the most important
thing is the egg noodles must be fresh
the broth must be good also the toppings
are just additional but the signature
for the toppings is the kikkyum meet my
eating sherpa for today chewie a young
filipino who documents the deepest local
eats in each corner of the philippines
all right let's try it out
i love it like chewy almost like kind of
spongy flavor if you're eating raw meat
it's incomplete without adding onions
and soy sauce we've got the onions in
there the soy sauce i'm going to unearth
and bring up the noodles i know those
are probably my top three of all types
of noodles the texture oh they just have
some good questions
yeah
no more like how they're chewy
i failed i failed dude you were so good
at this how did you do that i trained
with instant cup noodles even the
noodles are so hot at this point they've
gotten quite soft but they're totally
just saturated and that super savory
salty broth and also the onions it's
adding a little bit of sweet element
this is you said a must for any low meat
it is a liver so i want to build up to
this bite right here some liver some of
the noodles i do have some onions
holding on for a deer life
amazing this is a great start today is
all about the over-the-top very
indulgent very porky oily greasy fried
filipino food and sweaty yeah we gotta
sweat some of this salt out and
replenish with more water and more food
next on our hit list of dangerous diners
this place serving up braised body parts
you won't find just anywhere sir how you
doing very excited to be here the name
of the food is what paris oh parrots
like in france
paris is basically a filipino braised
beef stew usually served with garlic
fried rice compared to other filipino
dishes what makes this stand out
is the food for the mass from rich
people from drivers etc etc in each
corner there's paris here in the
philippines and they're all a little bit
different yeah they have their own style
paris is so much more than just braised
beef and bones first every beef cut you
can imagine is tossed into a huge pot
don't believe me let's play a little
game i want to play a little game called
guess that organ oh i love that first
organ here i'm gonna say this is a
stomach right right right right right
okay what's this see i got one of those
and it's working overtime because of all
the jack daniels i drink that my friend
is a liver yeah all right you're good
man what is that i have no idea what
that is this is called it's near the
rectum area can i say rectum yeah you
can wreck them
[Laughter]
ah yes but of course it's
ringworm i don't know that uh but that's
too long to be a is that
[Music]
yeah come on it's looking at me put it
down so you guys really eat everything
there's nothing that goes to waste those
cow parts are cooked for five hours
before they add in mega hits of flavor
onions garlic celery green chilies
ginger pepper and salt boil everything
together for one more hour and dig in
because this is constantly on the heat
it's evaporating it gets more condensed
than he puts in this white liquid is
that milk the secret to this pot of
pares is to make the broth last as long
as the meat does they just call it milk
but it's not milk so you may catch the
owner dumping in some more special broth
jugs of soy sauce and secret milk which
i'm pretty sure is just cornstarch so
it's kind of a thickening agent yeah
take any agent upon serving cut all the
ingredients into smaller pieces assemble
in a bowl and finally add in that salty
viscous broth
in peak season they can cook up to 150
pounds of offcuts and cow parts
boom this is
i think we should try that soupy soup
[Music]
oh that's quite satisfying there's so
many flavors the soy sauce the garlic
the beef stock there's like a hint of
gaminess in there but i like it all
right let's try all this beef
it's really tender right it's such an
interesting combination of one he's
working all morning kind of really
crafting this meat with a love and then
when he needs more broth he just dumps
an industrial sized container of soy
sauce inside so it's this mixture of
fast and slow to make this work apart is
not complete with the sides you have to
add more garlic some calamansi and licks
also a spicy chili how much diarrhea do
i want i want this much diarrhea so this
is garlic rice i want to try it alone
see how it tastes
super tasty but we don't eat it like
that we put the soup on top soup and
meat a little bit of liver a little bit
of heart let it soak up that beautiful
sauce we got the broth heart liver the
rice everything together let's try it
out
oh yeah just a complete package
so rice cuts down some of the intensity
and saltiness from the soup that's why
the filipino community love paris it's
really flavorful and it's really cheap
it's very accessible also there are
testicles in here but he chopped them so
tiny can you see this one ah right there
have you had this before yeah i love
balls fantastic i
agree actually
[Music]
not bad what helps is everything in the
bowl tastes the same you're just getting
like different textures okay let's try
that peanuts look at this oh wow it's
like a giant scallop it's really big
this bowl could have played for the nba
wow it's been so cooked so braised it's
become kind of gummy to me that didn't
even taste like a penis have you tasted
it i mean
like in hong kong okay
at a restaurant
i gotta say i'm very impressed it does
definitely feel like a bit of an
indulgence but then lots of meat protein
it's not just a bunch of fried stuff
when you mix it with the rice it's quite
delicious pares paris
our next savory salt bomb comes from
here the stall inside a humble car and
area that's delivering radiant noodles
guaranteed to spike your dopamine so
high you'll crash into a days long
depression right after eating for a
second it looked healthy when it was
just noodles and like a handful of green
stuff and then she doused it with this
bright orange nuclear sauce this broth
base is prepared with pork bones salt
pepper fried garlic msg and anato oil
which explains the bright orange color
to thicken the broth cornstarch and eggs
let's try just the sauce
i like it it is super salty it's like
triple x rated salt now to bring all the
elements together first thin rice
noodles then a dump trunk of flavors
fish sauce garlic sauce pepper msg and
crushed chicharron
top that with a natto fried tofu
homemade adobo squid a hard-boiled egg
and finally that thick glow-in-the-dark
orange gravy
garnish with homemade chicharron and
that is the same exact dish you'd get if
you came here 80 years ago
[Music]
super greasy they're taking a shot of
oil to balance all this here
we have this oh look at that balance one
gram of vitamin c let's just mix it this
is like the calling card for filipino
street food is this blaze orange color
so i've got some noodles here i've got a
little bit of the crispy skin let's go
for it let's go for it
[Music]
oh man i need a giant mountain dew oh is
this a mountain dew
oh yes room temperature mountain dew
balance i gotta say very satisfying and
this is something you find all over the
philippines oh yeah all over the
philippines we have different kinds of
alabo miss myeth archaea's stall bovet
and maya pastora is the name is
scrunched between two others in a center
packed with eating options this is
called a carinderia the term simply
means a small roadside restaurant that
serves up local and traditional
home-cooked food it's so popular among
locals because it brings them back to
the flavors of their childhood
wash it down
[Music]
we have one more epic food remaining
let's go somehow after all this salt
cholesterol and pure joy our hearts
continue to tick
our next stop might just change that
here they're deep fry entire portions of
pig bringing together the perfect
trifecta of meat fat and crunch
ma'am what's a good like welcoming in
the local language
[Music]
since 1972 miss judy ann francisco and
her family have been serving up a dish
known as crispy pata a pork lover's
dream crunchy pork skin and closing
savory tender meat it all starts with
the potato what does pata mean the papa
is the front leg of a pork the pork
chops are pre-cooked boiled for three to
five hours with celery onion garlic bay
leaves salt and pepper this will soften
the meat and break down the fat what
i've heard is that in the philippines
people don't usually use the back legs
for the paddle is that because that's
where the pee happens
no the behind one there are more on fats
after the legs rest for one hour they're
ready to take the plunge unlike the
front legs they are more on the meaty
part a healthy 20 minutes fully
submerged in oil until it turns a
tempting shade of golden brown oh so
this is healthier i just hope it won't
increase your blood pressure we are
actually trying to get it through the
roof i can provide the medicine
for you what is the secret behind the
perfect crispy potato for me it's our
secret for sure it must be kept secret
okay when the pata is crispy it's sliced
and topped with their super freaking
secret glaze that they won't disclose to
me or any other food expert okay i
understand the secret must remain a
secret but if you're a customer what are
you looking for in the perfect crispy
potato what they're looking for us is
the crispiness and the juiciness oh
it sounds like dessert to me can we put
a candle in the middle take a look i
think i've got the left foot you've got
the right foot well this is such a big
crispy patasani so how many people would
you usually share this with well maybe
around four to five we also have a
couple foods to accompany this is torton
a lima sauce an omelette cooked with
crab meat
i tasted crab there's egg of course but
then just this sweet brown sauce around
it would you consider that
cocoa
would you consider that for topanto
definitely no no no this is just an egg
what about this oh it's not for the
platform no oh this is basically a salad
this is panzit bihor a mix of glass
noodles and egg noodles cooked with pork
and veggies you have to put the
calamansi you have a little acidity and
then maybe a little mix my last healthy
food before the parts
super peppery delicious tender pin
noodles that's very nice i'm now playing
around with the side dishes here we have
the main star of the day the crispy hot
dog should we try the skin yeah
this is nice kind of sweet yeah a little
sweet oh it's a really good tank the
under part of the skin is almost sticky
so it's kind of sticky on one side
crunchy and sweet on the other side that
is so delicious actually just the first
crispy part i've seen that they have
pickles also
whoa i mean it makes sense you want
something a little acidic vinegary and
sweet to go with something so heavy look
at this dude this is like eating chicken
look at this big soft piece this thing
is still steaming hot i cannot wait
let's go for it cheers
my gosh it is so soft tender juicy hot
and steamy should not be for children
let's do some anatomy so that's like the
forearm the wrist and then that is like
kind of the hand right there but look i
just pulled the foot off like it was
nothing i bet i could split this in half
yes
so all those parts have melted down
everything between the joints when it
was boiling for three to four hours
that's when all this really got super
soft i mean take a look at that all that
fat is rendered down beautifully mmm
what about it oh
the biggest is superb the sweet glaze is
where it's at i wish there was like a
bowl of honey here we could just keep
dipping it in
to me of everything we've eaten today by
far the most satisfying
how did we know if we were successful in
our butter mission today
it's just a hypothetical term from
filipinos but anything that is fatty and
greasy and i think we did all of that
with different aspects different flavors
different stories i'm glad that you
enjoy all of the
food here in manila i want to say to you
my man thank you very much sunny my
pleasure is made
[Music]
means a roasted pig or more specifically
a roasted suckling pig but you'll find
that word used much more broadly in the
philippines today
[Music]
the tone is one of this country's most
beloved boobs and a frequent centerpiece
at celebrations of all kinds for me a
good litchon has to have a good skin
especially a skin that could survive at
least a day or two or even longer like
my skin a lot of skin care routine than
the latron jack daniels
i'm on a mission to experience this
decadent delicacy from the super
affordable that's a new dish right there
i've never had that before all the way
to the shockingly expensive i'm told
that you can cut it with a plate ready
ready
it all starts
here
meet rado put her there owner of rados
lechon i hear you are an absolute legend
in these parts a humble alleyway diner
that boasts a big reputation and a long
list of local fans like who how about
the city's mayor today we're focused on
an episode that's all about lechon in
the philippines many of the philippines
signature foods have spanish roots
including lechon what does lachon
actually mean it came from a spanish
word called lechona the chong usually
refers to a spit-roasted pig
rotisserie over hot coals although many
places have their own roasting styles
paulie no matter how big we roll it with
him cuba it's like a medieval torture
device i love it vietnam i've never seen
a pig this tiny you could microwave this
pig it's so small
no place does it quite like the
philippines here it's stuffed with
delicious flavors that permeate through
the meat lemongrass bay leaves even
chilies i always thought lachon met a
whole pig on a big skewer but you don't
have the whole pig here what do you have
here
the chong kowali made with giant pork
meat slabs how long do you boil uh 30
minutes unlike other electrons the
chunkawali is not usually stuffed with
lemongrass onions and everything it's
mostly seasoned with salt and after that
it's directly to the frying pan
this is where the word kawali came from
meaning the use of a pan or a wok this
dish is commonly made at home because
it's easy to make unlike the regular
electron that you roast after frying for
30 minutes the slab is chopped down into
bite-sized pieces that ring up at less
than two dollars and for 20 cents more
you can pair it with fried garlic rice
this affordable hard-hitting blend of
crunchy lechon seasoned rice and sweet
tangy sauce to tie it all together is
what's kept rados lechon going strong
since it opened 20 years ago
typical tropical kind of weather it'll
probably be gone in five minutes but in
the meantime here
100 grams of paradise i think we should
try a piece of this just as it is we're
going to get the big one already oh you
have a way better looking plate you want
it yeah okay cheers
super crunchy super friendly oily a bit
juicy i like it i can hear your crunch
from here
yeah
delicious fried juicy pork belly there's
nothing to not love about this
this garlic rice is fantastic super
salty savory you know sometimes garlic
rice can be a little burnt people get a
little too happy with frying the garlic
i feel like if you wanted to you could
also mix the pork belly with the rice
and then a little bit of sauce on top of
there do people ever do something insane
like that there's no limit on what you
can do with later on you can get
creative with it
i must say for two dollars that is an
excellent value this set the bar so high
already it's gonna be tough to beat so
let's see what the others would give us
everyone's favorite part of the
tradition roasted the chon seems to be
the pork belly so what if you could
forget about roasting the whole pig and
just focus on this prized pork party
we used to sell the wallet but because
of the pandemic people have been forced
to celebrate their birthdays and other
family celebrations only within their
household that's when i started selling
the chon belly some other people call it
belly choice so that's what i've heard
smart belly chong cheaper than buying a
whole pig while still providing crispy
skin fatty cuts of meat and 15 pounds of
porky flavor
mark is the fourth generation to run
this roastery this place has already
been started by my ancestors more than a
hundred years ago by my
great-grandmother around 1920s who are
you talking to the camera i do like that
you took over the show this place has a
legacy we've been here for hundreds of
years still made a little bit
anyways so
the meat is seasoned with garlic onion
and a mixture of rock salt pepper msg
and some proprietary ingredients what do
you think it takes to make a really good
little the native pig which is only
bought within the philippines it's a
local breed does the pig have a special
diet special workout routine yeah a
therapist they own a huge forest and
just let the pigs go around and eat
natural food not the commercial food
like the pellets roasting here is an
old-fashioned tedious process done by
hand with continuous adjustments being
made turning at the right speed placing
more or fewer coals ensuring each
section is cooked
evenly we need to talk about price this
video is about us experiencing different
levels of the tone based on how much it
costs first of all about how much does
that weigh what we're getting today is a
six kilo size that oh sorry i think
i sell it for
3600. okay i'm trying to think is that
good or bad it's pretty you know what
it's very medium yeah very medium that's
why we came here
halfway through it's slathered with even
more pork fat but it's not going to feed
one person how many people could this
feed more than 25 more 25 what do you
think now haters
after about only an hour it's ready to
go to mouth town this is not a
restaurant people come here they either
pick it up or can you also deliver it we
deliver it how much advanced notice do
people need 35 minutes no we need three
to five days before see if you're
feeling hungry
oh three to five days or better yet just
start for three to five days so when you
get the lich one you eat them all by
themselves you eat the whole either way
let me just say quickly though where we
are nobody ever eats here because they
get it they take it away they go home we
have no choice because you know i don't
have a home in the philippines
[Music]
nice you have to take off the ropes
first
and then open it we're gonna open it to
the world right now so you can see for
the first time look at that wow
what's the best way to get the skin off
you think maybe cut it again you have to
work hard to get the good stuff i cannot
wait to put this in my mouth i'm burning
my hands i don't care oh
wait you have this one thank you so much
that is the definition of being a
gentleman because i literally did not
want to give that to you and i wrote it
[Music]
i'm home
very crunchy it almost has a little
chicharron flavor to it here's just some
of the belly you can see the beautiful
layers i mean these are the abs from the
pig you ready
i'm loving his job already
what do you say are you saving this for
a rainy day oh my god you just he's a
thief he got my best part oh my god this
is what i wanted the whole time
that's my dental record if i get killed
now and police find this they're gonna
definitely be able to identify my body
yeah and you can see it's a smile
because he liked it i'm gonna eat the
skin with the fat how about you let's do
it oh this is a great idea i've never
thought about this
that's by yourself best crunch but the
skin's a little bit dry out here and
there so the fat is there to bring some
of that soupy oily porky action
hallelujah
i think i'm starting to fall in love
with this maybe even more than regular
children you know everybody just wants
the neck and the belly anyways and then
what you're left with like oh i need to
eat the bicep now and drink
men i mean we are not even at the most
expensive place yet that is our second
lachon but we still have one left the
most expensive lachon you've ever seen
in manila
in this video
typically a roasted pig like this might
cost around a hundred dollars but our
next location has a much smaller pig
that costs much more money it cost eight
thousand eight thousand dollars oh
that's eight thousand pesos eight
thousand peso i have no idea what that
is wait is that like approximately one
hundred fifty two dollars
correct chef wilson mascara is the head
chef of chrissy moto's 13 chains safe to
say he knows his way around a piglet our
sacrifice is 21 day old from spain it's
important or from spain it's a spanish
pig and it's a suckling pig means it's
never eaten solid food so it's only ever
fed pure mother's milk and that is it
breastfed baby pig wow
to start they season the whole suckling
pig with salt then stuff it with garlic
cloves lemongrass black pepper and bay
leaves marinate for three hours how much
does a pig weigh it's about 6.5
kilograms 13 14 pounds
correct
here they don't fry the meat and they
don't roast it instead they bake it in a
brick oven what is heating the brick
oven are you burning one taco
after an hour once the piglet has
developed a bit of a tan he brushes it
with cow milk when preparing lachone
this way what is a chef's worst
nightmare tin foil is used to cover the
ears legs and nose prevent those smaller
appendages from burning he said that the
worst part of it is the skin bubbles up
their technique is that they stick a rod
inside of it so that the fats would go
down instead of going up and it also
depends on the pig quality right you
don't want to buy a bubbly pig after
four hours of this it's finally complete
high quality ingredients imported from
spain that take up to seven hours to
marinate and cook
no wonder this little guy carries with
him a hefty price tag first of all we
have this little tail here you can just
have that so much
i'm told that you can cut it with a
plate yes everybody in the philippines
who ate cucinello have tried cutting it
with a piece and they were successful
yes well let's cut it in half with a
plate because that's a normal thing to
do here we go ready ready
good job you gave her a butt crack oh
wow the crunch keeps coming oh
unbelievable
you want to do it
see that that's how you cut it easy and
fast one two three
there you go you're not even supposed to
do that no you can do it you even cut
the head at that stop okay good your ex
boyfriend is sorry he'll call you back
later i'm gonna break this in half
it was like breaking a pencil in half
it's so loud and crispy here we go
this baby knows what she's doing the
first location we went to today the skin
was a little thicker it's really thick
but here it's more thin skin than
some politician you don't like
you guys fill in your own politicians
these times are way too divisive right
now i'm not taking it aside
good boy or girl let me see what happens
i just pull this up that is crazy talk
about baby back ribs
[Music]
it is a perfect blend of super hot juicy
oily and savory yes that's not
overpowering not overpowered it's not
underpowering it's empowering
has anyone ever mukbang just a whole egg
oh my god you take the front i'll take
the bag this is like a trophy you're
like congratulations you want something
ready for sure
this is how you should eat it oh the
best part about being an adult is you
can just do whatever you want to your
body you can just destroy it completely
like what we're doing right now
i think it's remarkable there's
something about it being a little bit
smaller that's nice the flavors are
delicious there's no doubt the chefs
know what they're doing it takes a long
time and you can see that the effect of
cooking it slow and low melted all the
fat down it's made the skin irresistibly
creepy
crispy this is fantastic but the hard
part now is we're gonna go over there
and have a separate conversation about
which one we thought gave us the most
bang for our buck are you ready for sure
it's the most expensive one because it's
a baby pig the texture is more tender
you don't care about eating a child pig
um the world is harsh so it's okay just
kidding no i like that
what are you gonna do something
different from the ones i usually have
the way it melts in your mouth my
favorite for today it was actually the
most affordable option two dollar
lachone it was fried it was greasy it
was so undeniably delicious for such a
low price it is hard to beat but i
actually expected it from you because
when we are about to wrap up you're
still eating it that's true i kept i ate
more plates actually after we cut boom
guys that is the end of the video and
the end of our mini mini mini series
here in manila in the philippines i hope
you enjoyed it a big thank you to
padlock thank you so much guys thank you
also for the invite and for feeding me
three lit chunks in a day follow her fun
adventures in manila in our daily life
and beyond that is it for this one guys
thank you for watching i will see you
next time i'll be
oh god i'm having a seizure this time
