it has been a year since we moved into
our apartment here in Makati City 365
days hours since our life changed
completely what's up guys welcome to the
welcome to our anniversary
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
good morning guys and welcome to another
day here from Makati from our home today
is a very special day and we have a few
things to sort out because it's our
one-year bursary I need to get a cake I
need to get a cake to celebrate because
I was craving some cake
maybe cheesecake maybe ah I'm not sure
if I should go for a chocolate cake sure
you want chocolate cake geez cake okay
for the win because I saw a cheesecake
the pink cupcake yes with salted egg oh
yeah nice right this way you are happy
and I'm happy guys we've been eating
mostly healthy
we had a salad for lunch which is also a
breakfast we do intermittent fasting we
break fast with that and today we're
going to have freshly baked bread fresh
guacamole
as I posted on Instagram Kwak Imola no
it's quarantine and quack-quack I'm just
gonna act like that was intentional and
not that I had a brain fart yes yes do
you say that English brain fart in
German would say to him foots brain fart
we actually got a really really cool
life heck we were on Shekhar Island
because every time we bought the
avocados they were really really hard
and somebody said just use bananas put
the bananas over the avocados and you
have ripe avocados the next day yes so
we can buy like hard and right avocados
ripen them at home and the nice thing is
that you know everybody in the shop is
like squeezing the ripe avocados to see
if they're ripe enough and that gives
them bruisers which makes them go bad
but if you buy the unripe very green
avocados you can ripen them at home in a
controlled environment where they don't
get broken so it's really nice so today
on this casual is besides getting some
cake Mike and I will make ourselves a
little bit
suitable later and watch some memories
inform of our vlogs from the day we
moved into this apartment and will take
you on this journey because we want to
share how it has been living in Manila
for a year we also want to highlight our
highlights I think we'll just have a
nice day at home let's stay at home for
a change it's like do nothing at home
and maybe we'll also say very briefly
what our apartment looked like in
Austria and in Miami then and so you can
just kind of see like the progression of
how we our life changed late at night
and see fresh cakes new do you want to
get with me ladies to the front seat
[Music]
you know I got it going on you know how
I do
[Music]
[Laughter]
what's up making it happen vlog today we
are acting to us moving to Manila
reaction videos to our own videos is
that to Mira is that like I like to
react to us trying to Filipino food for
the very first time anyways
am i filming is this is this okay
just check the camera it was slightly
overexposed that's alright
fix it yeah okay is that so yes this is
a lunch story it's a long story so for
those of you that haven't been here for
like ever on the channel we kept in
Philippines the very first time when we
were still living in Miami
this was 2017 it was a very first trip
to the Philippines it was actually at
the end of a lady there's at the end of
a two-month trip through Southeast Asia
and it actually was the the time where
we said hey we want to be a travel vlog
and we came to the Philippines and we
had way too little time planned here and
when we left we said like we need to
come back and see the Philippines
another time and visit like more places
and so we did we came back and it was
just kept repeating we every time we
came back we found something new and we
fell more and more in love it was weird
because every time we would travel to
the Philippines we kind of had to travel
through Manila and every time coming
from Manila became like more and more a
little bit of a home base a place where
we felt comfortable we knew where to go
to our coffee shops we knew where to get
food and so on and it just started
feeling more and more like home and it
was in March last year in Sharjah where
we made the decision that we want to
move to the Philippines for good and
let's maybe skip to that blog and see
what happened
update yesterday I spent around an hour
looking for apartments in Manila don't
ask me why but I did
I spent substantial time and resources
in looking for a place in Manila and
also started looking at property and
land and fog out and all that bombshell
let's have breakfast and honestly after
that it didn't take very long for us to
like set things in motion I think right
after that when we got back to Manila
the next time we I think we on our vlog
that we're going to move to Manila and
we also said oh if anybody is a real
estate broker please let us know send us
an email and that's how we found our
real estate broker
zoomy highly santiago and for us it was
just the decision between should we move
to be GC or should we move to Makati and
since we really love the mix in Makati
between business district and the local
mix it feels like Greenwich Village in
New York yeah it feels it was it feels
right for us so then we looked at a few
apartments we actually looked at one
apartment in BGC it was one that we got
catfished in we looked at an apartment
it was a loft we just looked at it
online we said this is too good to be
true it's way too wait to cheap for that
for that would you like getting it's
just I guess what it wasn't true so
right after that we were a little bit
skeptical if our approach was the right
one and luckily zoomy yeah and we
immediately fell in love with it this is
the living room
[Music]
and after that we went to BGC which was
not like our type of accommodation so I
think it was very clear from the moment
that we entered the apartment without
even seeing all of the rooms it just
felt right so welcome to all Manila
welcome guys to our new home in the
Philippines we find a new home a new
place to stay and from that point on we
started looking into decorating our
apartment because we signed a lease
contract and we went on a furniture hunt
which turned out to be a boyfriend vs.
girlfriend challenge for the rest of the
apartment but it's fine if you want
sound color that's fine you just never
you just mentioned I won the gray couch
argument we're getting the grey okay
ladies and gentlemen one point for
Nellie I convinced Mike to put the couch
into the one additional card into the
office could I take this without the
marble you didn't find the solution I
found the solution I'm really putting it
in the bath this is typical couple
situations right in the core stuff now
we're counting points
who wins which battle we found
everything that we wanted in one place
luckily everything got delivered
I feel like it's a good mix because I
feel like I'm better at like big picture
way to put furniture way to put each
piece yeah and you got at decorating it
putting in 20 million pillow pillow
cases and since then he loves the
coziness of the pillow cases also when I
said I wanted to have a lot of plants
here he's like yeah but when we got them
delivered he was quite happy about it
yeah yeah I was happy about the flowers
but the actual moment way we kind of
were overflown overflowing with emotions
was actually when we signed the contract
the day we sent the contract and we knew
we're going to live here it was just
incredible and then something we never
shared on the vlog we never told you
guys this I don't know why back back
then it just didn't feel right I don't
know but when we moved into the place we
didn't have any furniture yet and we
were so excited to take we're so excited
to be in our place that we spent the
first night here without furniture
without the bed and we literally took
our clothes out of our case and made
like a thin mattress and we slept on
that we just wanted to sleep here we we
actually slept paid for a hotel room
overnight but we wanted to be here we
wanted to be in our place and I was and
we were just so impatient we were like
let's just have dinner day and then you
know we had we decided to just sleep
here it was the most uncomfortable way
of sleep the place was super dusty
because the construction workers
we got a bed but yeah and we also like
the next day we just spent in the
apartment without furniture we had a
little cardboard box where the microwave
was in yeah and we used that as a table
to work on and have lunch on and we just
sat here looked at the view and it was
just so nice to have a place to live
again because before that we'd been on
the road for like close to a year
without an apartment at all yeah I want
to know from you guys like in the past
12 months what have been your favorite
moments here on the blog what have been
your favorite vlogs what what what were
the memorable moments for you know even
more things happening you know we
experience the first rainy season we
experience the first Christmas in the
Philippines like four months of
Christmas in the Philippines and then of
course decorating our apartment with
Christmas items and having our first
christmas tree set up here and I think
wait a second I think generally speaking
we really enjoy living in the
Philippines we have so many more
memories it's been such a crazy ride
yeah and I think since we moved here we
didn't regret one single moment looking
forward to many many more years yeah so
for me the most amazing part about
living in the Philippines is of course
when I leave the apartment and I see
lots of smiling faces
lots of kindness and it makes life just
great it makes life great to see how
people are coming together how I as a
random person can become a good friend
very quickly and I think hospitality has
been also a big thing right yeah and
sunsets and sunsets I'll leave you guys
for now with this beautiful sunset and
we'll tune in for dinner
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
offered to send me some so she surprised
me with oh my god so much more she
surprised me with a cheesecake and creme
brulee and something else
when these are our cakes cheesecake
oatmeal cookies sure these are chocolate
crinkles
cheesecake
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
good and a unicorn cried they collected
the tears hmm it's nice and buttery but
also like what it's buttery but it's it
it also has as Mike would say the tanki
flavor it's lightly cheesecake II I was
laughing because whenever Nelly reacts
to food she's always like that's the
time where she's actually thinking about
what she's gonna say people know what
you're doing yeah but I wasn't like
expressing how I feel
so my mmm YUM and mm-hmm
is a way of expressing how I feel about
this because people feel like you're
talking you're having a conversation
with the cat mm-hmm
trying the creme brulee here look at
that
wait wait that's good let me show you
how it's done let me show you how it's
done okay a little bit out of practice
because we haven't done food blogs in
the world I was born for this okay I'm
gonna give the creme brulee a try it is
so soft succulent creamy delicious rich
and beautiful melts on your tongue and
it's just this Orchestra of flavors as
it goes down your throat this is
absolutely phenomenal and the apex of
creme brulees that I've ever eaten and
that's why you should subscribe more
that's coming very soon so to summarize
and I'm sure you can tell we are super
happy with our place here and I don't
think we've mentioned it on the vlogs
but we when we were in Chicago we
actually renewed our lease for another
year I was thinking about mentioning
that yeah so we renewed it for another
we renewed it for another 12 months and
yeah and then after those 12 months I'm
sure we'll either renew again or maybe I
don't know but we're not leaving the
Philippines that's for sure so our
number one priority for the rest of the
year is going to be getting everything
sorted out for our permanent visa so we
don't have to worry about that so that's
settled there is the perfect visa 4
million I exists which is really good
and it just takes a little bit of
preparations and it's going to be nice
to you might be able to call it off
forever home yeah we'll take you along
on that journey so it could take a while
with us yeah but we were really happy
here and our family also sees us being
very happy and I always communicate with
my sister and and show her the beautiful
Philippines and she she wants to come
here so badly but she's still so she's
focusing on her studies now but we've
really loved to have our family here and
show them our home yeah so true alright
guys I hope you did enjoy the blog
please do let us know in the comments
down below what your favorite moment was
of the last 12 months and we will see
you guys tomorrow same time same place
remember to stay awesome be positive and
make it happen and definitely give those
cakes a try we put the details in the
description thank you for sending the
cake
[Music]
you
