pros and cons living in the Philippines
if there were a second place for you to
live in the Philippines where will it be
what is your favorite food from the
Philippines and oh when will you get
married
[Music]
[Music]
my favorite place to be is right here
not thinking about what brings me down
my favorite way to be without fear isn't
now
I'm learning how first like my things no
I'm doing just fine one foot in another
floating enjoying my freedom see how I
like it better when I'm under the sea
[Music]
good morning guys what's going on it is
the 2nd of January 2020 yes sounds
really nice 2020 it sounds amazing and I
have to say I am immensely motivated
super super pumped for this year and I
just noticed that this morning I got up
at like 5 o'clock or motorbike squad
when I motive I want to get on a bike
again I got up this morning super
motivated very driven very purposeful
and today we actually drove out to Clark
Airport we dropped our bellies cousin
and her boyfriend because they are
flying out to weather pretest so today
they're going to be spending a week in
Palawan unfortunately we couldn't join
them because we have an important
project next week on Monday but you see
more about that very soon very excited
for that but it meant we couldn't join
them on those trip flights for shorter
time period were very expensive so we're
looking at maybe flying out today coming
back Sunday but it was just unreasonably
expensive so we decided to stay in
Manila
actually who here what are you doing
we're starting a fast today because one
of our big goals of 2020 is to get in
the best shape that we possibly can
we're gonna kick off the year by doing a
cleanse kind of fasting some three days
getting our body back into the good
rhythm anyway I'm paddling what am i
pallet the reason why you're here is
because we look at Q&A today we've all
read a request for your questions and we
will be answering those questions
undestroyed trip back to Manila so
they're able to do is the honor and get
started with the questions ok guys I
think we're starting this Q&A by telling
you that all the questions will be
linked down in the description box and
we will have timestamps so if some some
kind of question interests you a lot to
just click on a timestamp and listen to
it first question is how was it back in
Austria like it was really nice to be
back in Austria really enjoy time with
family and I really enjoyed seeing Ralf
I really enjoyed seeing the cats so one
thing about it with it's winter time in
Austria right now and the day before we
arrived was actually the longest the
shortest day the longest night of the
year in Austria so it means the sunrise
is very late and it sets very early and
I need some to be happy and I think
that's something that when we lived in
Austria it's something that really got
me down over winter we'd spend so much
time interesting darkness and those also
a lot of times it's very misty and
cloudy in Austria so you don't really
get a lot of sunlight and I think that's
something that I battled with a little
bit but you know the advantages of being
with family over way the disadvantages
of the of the weather so to answer a
question from my perspective we didn't
do that much in Austria this time so we
just spent quality time with the family
but there is a full blog about our
hometown so if you haven't been checked
out it's linked right here
what are your 2020 goals well this year
I have like a set of goals for like
personal goals that I want to reach and
then I have some professional goals that
I want to reach professional goals is I
want to increase the production value of
our vlogs and just make them more
cinematic more intriguing more
interesting second goal is actually and
this is almost like a huge announcement
they will be a second Channel
a second YouTube channel a mic channel
what I'll tell you more about that later
it's going to be I got very very
specific very cool ideas which I'll be
sharing more and more about that over
the next few weeks personal goals I want
to get back to like 100% health what is
still kind of dragging from last year so
I mentioned it before we fasting now
we're getting into a whole new world
hard regime which is stay healthy drink
less alcohol do more workouts they're
more active go more surfing do hobbies
and activities that challengers
physically but are a lot of fun okay I
think I can summarize it into the same
topics major goal for this year is to be
healthy
have healthy habits and yeah get back
into fitness and healthy eating we're
trying to balance our lifestyle which is
quite hectic and seems like mission
impossible but it's doable personal
goals I want to have more quality time
more time off I want to have a hobby
which I didn't have for quite some time
and yeah it's like just putting our
relationship first
have a balanced lifestyle that's
and professional goals achievements with
this year I would say
work further on my channel and
also will be something very new coming
soon which I will I think I will
dedicate the whole video on my channel
on Lily's life Lily's life Twitter 20
100,000 subscribers let's do it let's do
it
so the next question is do I plan on
hosting a cooking channel on YouTube and
the answer is so here I'm making it
happen
blog we do cooking videos every now and
then and that's just because we enjoy to
do cooking videos every now and then but
we are we're not going to do like a
standalone Cooking Channel okay next
question
my how did you meet Nelly that is a very
very interesting question and the truth
we met online but more about that on
Mike site lily and I were living in the
same city in Austria when we met and we
had a lot of similar friends but you
know no direct contact points and there
was a social media platform like
Facebook in Austria it's like like it
wasn't like a small Facebook just a very
local one and I saw her I saw that we
have a lot of the same friends and I
messaged her we've met for coffee and
then we met at a club and one thing led
to another
we've been together ever since
inseparable ever since
okay then we have a lot of questions
about have you been to this in that
place so one question is have you been
to Los Angeles the answer is yes there
are actually
videos all the videos on our channel
which will also pop up here there's a
whole playlist we did a road trip from
LA to San Francisco which was a lot of
fun so check them out I really enjoyed
winter at that time it was lots of fun
when are you guys doing mindanao trips
so I don't know if you missed it but we
did a whole motorbike trip in Mindanao
we went from the bar along the coast up
to sharika and took RORO to chaga so
there was a lot of fun the playlist will
also be linked
we are going to be back in mindanao for
the big bike convention that's happening
this year yeah so on that note I got
another question when are you going to
do a meet-up in the ball probably them
yeah we'll do it next time
then same category have you been to the
UK the answer is yes
plenty of videos about London on our
channel I think I will link everything
in the description box down below as
well so again you guys can check it out
but we haven't really explored the UK
outside of London so maybe that's a goal
I don't know
this year next year okay last one only
have you been to questions is have you
been to Africa yes so some of you might
know but I actually spent a lot of my
childhood in South Africa my dad had to
travel there for work a lot my parents
actually met in South Africa so South
Africa is a very important place to me
and both Nellie and I have also traveled
to South Africa together twice and we
really love it there and actually this
year we might have a big family
get-together in South Africa
which I'm personally very excited about
so hopefully like later on this year we
all fly to South Africa and we'll get to
go back to the Kruger Park we'll get to
spend some time in Cape Town amazing
food they're really psyched about that
we have some vlogs they'll pop up right
here the playlist and I think we have
other countries on the list for Africa
Egypt for example Morocco Kenya lots of
places to explore so we just scratched
the surface but yeah so many
destinations I just want to go
everywhere that is a very good question
pros and cons living in the Philippines
versus back in Miami yeah that really is
a good question it's actually quite a
tough one because it's actually a whole
video topic yeah we really loved love
loved our time living in Miami
I will say one thing that always
bothered me a little bit is traffic to
the u.s. I always felt a little uneasy
because of the whole like entry
situation Miami was great in terms of
lifestyle we lived in Miami Beach
we had Electric skateboards we it took
us like two minutes to get to the sandy
beach of Miami and we went running their
lot the whole society the old people
living in Miami are very fitness driven
which kind of puts you into a healthy
lifestyle which is very very good I
think um the downsides Miami is
incredibly expensive price tag
I feel like Miami is the most expensive
place in the u.s. in general rent was
very expensive food was very expensive
ma'am is very Hispanic influence so we
learn to lock Sybil relax a little bit
more and enjoy life a little bit more
yes and focus more on social life as
well yeah focus more on living yeah
which was really good advantages in the
Philippines is life here is easier for
us because the cost of living is way
lower it's easier to travel around so in
Miami we always kind of were stuck in
this bubble we were stayed in Miami we
never really ventured out of Miami to
other places in the u.s. here in the
Philippines we just like to explore more
within the Philippines we travel around
the Philippines a lot it's quite
affordable yeah it's quite affordable
people here
or open in the Philippines en
Philippines I feel less under pressure
to show a certain image and Miami was
all about you know what you have and
what you do and I didn't really that was
something I never really got into that I
never really liked that show our feet
kind of lifestyle so all in all I'm
happier here the Philippines for sure I
was very sad to leave Miami but when we
left Miami we were actually thinking of
moving to Bali then we went to Bali and
we didn't like it at all as a place to
live as a place to vacation it's great
but there's a place to live it's not
great and then we found we found Manila
and we fell in love with Manila and
we're liking him
so downside of living in Manila where we
actually live is the beach is not close
you have to head out of all of the city
to see some beaches but the good point
is the Philippines are surrounded by
over 7,000 islands so you have plenty of
peaches to visit in just I would say a
proximity of one to two hours by plane
even by car so that's really nice
yeah a few a few things that bother me a
little bit is traffic because you lose a
lot of time in traffic but that's
something that we learned to live with
it's part of the life part of the Manila
life I do really miss the electric
skateboard yeah this is no way we can do
that in Manila it's too dangerous I
really miss the electric skateboard and
one thing that we realized traveling the
philippines is Wi-Fi or Internet
connectivity is not always that good but
I have to say it improved a lot compared
to the first time when we came to the
Philippines and now so there is so much
improvement happening so much change
good change happening so we're very
optimistic okay so this topic leads into
another question yes are still loving
the Philippines and I staying here for
good
I feel like a fool in love with the
Philippians every day a little bit more
and every day that we stay here becomes
more and more our home and when we leave
Manila I find myself missing Manila find
myself feeling a little bit homesick so
yes definitely
very happy about the decision to move
here we are
no no ambitions to move somewhere else
yeah at all I'm happy here thank you
yeah ok so we are entering ed sir so
we're going to focus on traffic right
now
we are going to tune in at home and
continue this QA Oh
[Music]
first I know things now doing just fine
one foot and another floating enjoying
my freedom
see I like a fellow and I'm under the
sir hi guys we're back at home time to
continue the Q & A do you remember where
we stopped Nellie no but meanwhile we
got a lot of questions so lots of
ketchup he has an interesting question
what do you think your lives would be
like if you guys did not meet each other
question I probably would have gone to
China if I hadn't met Nellie Cheers
I was working for Siemens and it was
kind of developing in that way that I
was supposed to go to China so that's
probably weird where I would have ended
up and I don't know what about what
would have happened after that it's
really hard to tell for myself because
at that time I was doing I was an
athlete so I was being in karate and I
was pretty good so I might have
continued doing that but I stopped doing
it because I wasn't passionate about it
anymore otherwise I would have a
corporate job I guess no that's
something that was striving for but
thinking about it now it wouldn't make
me happy yeah I'm glad that it's then we
met I changed everything
are you guys going to image yang 2020 in
halo it oh yes we are we're going to be
going to the sinner log festival whoo
we're really excited and after that
we're going to the imaging festival and
another question that we got is are we
going to reunite for making it juicy on
the road so that will be the third road
trip with George and Lucy from the
juicer vlog and the answer is yes we're
actually going together to synagogue
we're going to go together to Dimmick
young and we are very excited about it
another good question how to be a taster
on your cooking blogs well we have
channel memberships and one of the
benefits for channel memberships is when
we do like a cooking blog every now and
then we put out a community
tap pause for our members inviting you
guys to come and try the food that we
cook so definitely check that out hit
the join button and you can see all the
options if there were a second place for
you to live at in the Philippines where
will it be for me shut down I think
should I go yeah Island vibes all the
way what is your favorite food from the
Philippines and why my favorite food in
the Philippines is the sinigang soup and
the reason why my second favorite food
is electron but electron is incredibly
unhealthy to eat it all the time that
sinigang is actually not unhealthy it's
a great soup you get a fish sinigang you
can get pokes in a gun I think you need
to get beef sinigang I just love it it's
so good and sour delicious what do you
think is my best characteristic
characteristic that made him stand out
from the rest was a very intimate
question um I think it's it's a mix of
everything Mike is very smart
Mike is very funny he's very interested
in learning new things so he constantly
develops his character and he also
inspires me to do so so that is
something that I really admire a lot
he's very kind and a very nice human
being I think so many things I think she
forgot that I'm very patient next
question ooh when will you get married
oh my god I think every time we put out
a Q&A that is always when will you have
kids and when we'll get Mariana I don't
really hasn't asked me yet yes that's
the standard answer so oh this one's
easy elect so Google assessment
definitely Google assistant yeah okay
we'll go why are you so great
okay how many countries have you visited
and taught total any tips for first-time
solo travelers I don't honestly don't
know how many countries visit in total
it's a lot advice 4250 I think even more
I think if you travel solo the most
important thing is to have an open mind
and to just connect with the people from
the country that you visit so just open
your heart and let new people into your
life you might learn a lot and have the
best time okay okay one more question
okay and how long do you stay mad at
Mike after heated argument how long do
you stay yeah I don't know you need to
come but you can tell minutes maybe yeah
it's usually a window frame of half an
hour two hour depending on the heat in
the argument but we try to resolve our
discussions in a very fair way so and we
never go back go to bed angry at each
other cells yeah alright guys that is
actually gonna do a Q&A on her channel
very soon so if you haven't subscribed
to Nellie's Channel it'll pop up right
here
it's Mellie's life she's got a lot of
very juicy juicy questions here that you
got on Instagram and that video will be
online next week I think right yes one
question that I was expected to receive
but I haven't received yet is what our
travel plans for 2020 so there are a lot
of plans a lot of very exciting plans
but just to give you like a little bit
of a preview of what's happening just
this month in January we're going to be
filming a video in Intramuros next week
which is going to be really cool we are
going to be heading down to tag I tie
Batangas tomorrow which is going to be
exciting we have some barlas ballet
and loud yawn on our schedule for this
month also
Iloilo cebu a lot of things happening a
lot of things happening and of course
you guys are always part of it so
comment down below your recommendations
also if you have any other questions
that weren't answered yet the first 20
questions that are put in the comments
down below will be answered by us when
the video goes live alright guys that
was it I hope you enjoyed this Q&A it
has been long overdue since we did it
the last time we'll see you guys
tomorrow same time same place remember
to stay awesome be positive and make it
happen
[Music]
as we said
[Music]
