[Music]
Latvia giggle first what do you think is
the biggest thing that separates you
from the other contestants thank you so
at age of 15 I started developing my own
startup in biomedical engineering of
Wales and I think one of the most
amazing things about Miss World is that
it brings all the nations together from
every corner each and every one of us is
unique Finland
my dad is actually one of my biggest
inspirations and he always taught me to
work hard and work hard on my dreams and
nothing comes to you on a silver platter
so that's where I Shirley on I think the
biggest thing that separates me from
other contestants is my resilience and
courage to still go on in life Venezuela
yes muy dif√≠cil - Dulce pregunta por que
al Rarotonga historia Honda chicas okay
and also a moment and leafy sea legs and
finally South Africa I grew up in the
new democratic South Africa full of
opportunities and now I have the ability
to work hard and go after my dreams and
create my own destiny well let's start
with Miss South Africa I don't like her
beauty well if you like and go but she
transforms into the most beautiful woman
of this group my dear because of that
strong and warm personality strong in a
sense that she would really get your
full attention
the moment she opens her mouth it's as
if saying that look at me I am talking
yeah with the smile on her face look at
me I am talking
and did you begin to just you know
concentrate on her and maybe forget what
she's talking about because you're
absolutely magnetized by her beauty now
if she don't becomes a beautiful woman
you know that and I think she would make
a strong impact on the miss rod stage
the moment she enters the top five yeah
she's fixed with much conviction and
she's got this pleasing personality
great one Dennis Weller looks mature
very mature I think she's not well taken
care of she looks old
in this segment fire her stylist I mean
the hair is okay but it should not be
partnered with that kind of outfit or
that outfit would be fine if that was
not partnered with that kind of before
or hairstyle this to the hairstyle and
the outfit just do not blend well they
should have noticed it of course
Venezuela's wardrobe collection it's you
know expected to be full of gorgeous
dresses and so on and so forth I mean
what happened here so some people might
say that what's in a dress what's the
problem with the dress was a problem we
with her hair and so on and so forth
there's no connection with the interview
of course not it is part of the
presentation it is part of the interview
you know you should look great you
should dress up looking great without
you know without going overboard or
overdressed but everyone's attention is
already focused on your earrings or in
your blouse or whatever but one thing is
definite you should look good as you
give
good answers together that's power she's
a beautiful woman you know if you just
let her hear you know loosely hanging
and show some flesh here and there that
wouldn't get some votes or more votes
and that may that could kind of up her
to the winning circle I don't think she
would get enough votes here but who
knows it even is well I would always be
then as well surprisingly a lot of
people you know do not really like her
answer to the question it does the
second question the main question but
personally I I welcomed it this question
really is one of the hardest questions
you know if you keep a straightforward
answer you might come off as someone
boastful and so full of pride you know
in herself if you say that you know we
find it very difficult to answer because
you know it's you just can't you know
all each and every one of you has you
know your own strengths and etc etc etc
then a lot of people would say that oh
my god she's so weak she plays safe and
so on and so forth
so this question is really very hard and
Miss Venezuela was right what's the
question what did she say how do I then
say that I have something different to
them you cannot say that you were
prettier
you couldn't say that you were more
intelligent than them that's why some of
their answers were not direct answers to
that question
[Music]
I think the one who gave better answer
was Latvia I think so and her answer was
for the fact that give an impression of
strength and power you know you know it
seems it really sets her apart from
others you know quite an achievement
really but you know she sounded very
knowledgeable but you talk about this
1.7 million people suffering from you
know Parkinson's disease and another
million people just 1 million children
more or less who suffer from cerebral
palsy and that she has participated in
this scientific projects and so on and
so forth etcetera etcetera etc it is
more than enough to say that she is
better than others so I think she wanted
hands down but the first part belongs to
South Africa and there's another one
Shara Leone in why I I sympathize so
much with Cheryl iam she didn't have a
good or her high quality video a well
produced presentation video maybe she
didn't have budget or maybe she didn't
get much help from her country or from
the local miss world organisers in her
country but I think you know if Cheryl
Ian was not there everyone's attention
would be focused on South Africa but
Cheryl Eon was able to magnetized you
know our attention she has proven that
just that same magic and confidence and
an aura the winner in her messages say
that Miss South Africa remember I'm here
slow down a bit
yeah something like that so let's talk
about the other candidates Wales was a
little bit tensed and her answer was
about you know the most beautiful things
that Miss World offer something like
we'll miss a little bit veering away
from the question Finland very safe
everyone is amazing she didn't answer
really ha part of me if I didn't get it
right because I have watched a lot of
videos and maybe I've missed something
sorry miss out Africa says that she does
not take anything for granted
nah I don't think that's a good answer
for the question
Shara Leone talks about resilience miss
Venezuela's hazards that she's not
complaining in everything and that makes
her different from other girls I think
South Africa can generate a lot of votes
with this kind of performance
[Music]
now let's go to group 12 I was a little
bit excited with this group because of
India India who is someone from your
country that inspires you in addition to
the two strong pillars of my life my
mother and my grandmother I've been
truly inspired by our former president
who is also known as the missile man of
India dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Panama for me
is Nevada miss Rock Panama 2009
I am Seok licencias a home cinema Holly
Garcia que la fuerza assumed Ament
importante para la barrera compare
called Kira Mehta South Sudan my country
is beautiful everyone we see is an
inspiration and the person that inspires
me the most is my father he taught me
how to stay moral Montenegro that person
is better
the second path through anguish I'd like
to read Kafka Vienna to the month I'm
right and he'll stick he is still a good
man for our country Vietnam my mom is a
real inspiration for my entire life she
is brought me every day to keep smiling
keep me in positive and all the way keep
going no matter what's happened
Egypt it's sir or dr. Magdy ahoo
he is an Egyptian British heart
transplant surgeon and he always helped
everyone in need despite his elderly age
if we are talking about interviews and
question-and-answer attacks like this we
would always think of India because they
have shown to the world particularly
during those successful years of India
in each and every agent that they are
really the country which you have to
watch out for when interview comes and
she didn't disappoint me as always she
used a popular go change
exactly from that person that you know
that inspires her he would think is it
part of India's training that you would
always consider famous thoughts and
phrases and coat Asians that have been
influential to what
India has right now or expressing the
rich heritage of their country you know
sort of that because they always they
always inject this kind of answers he
says if they always ready with great
coats that they could easily insert to
each and every answer that they have
even if the question was given to them
you know unannounced
after this meniscus is announced PIPA
you know it is during this announced
questions that you really have to give
all but because you could give your all
there are few hours of preparation to
adjust to change to insert to add in to
deduct you know the the what should be
eliminated the unit a useless phrases
and what should be part of yours
your speech of your answer which are
sensible but anyone from other cultures
and countries could identify so for the
poison bearing I think's India and South
Sudan why not
India overpowers Amal
you
a banana total 13 Luxembourg
what is the biggest problem faced by
your country and how would you solve it
it's a look at mptp land appeal a
fisherman
don't own opinion about him on the whole
problem problems on shapiro policy pop
australia not over yet obsidian
tuberculosis the approach the water for
moldova wisdom such as percent of notice
the plane yet to produce at the village
88 the summers assonance koala the
biggest problem faced in my country
would be families that suffered through
PTSD from service members coming home
from deployment bosnia and herzegovina
then I bet you problem Bosnia
Herzegovina nationalism coastal you
demolish odorata I'm was inhabited
immediately resistant are a dime a dozen
upon us in Arizona stream and Nepal
unemployment has been one of the biggest
challenges that we've been facing as a
country as a lot of youth are migrating
to foreign countries for job
opportunities think but this is one of
the best groups you know as a whole all
of them given sensible
explanations to the question everyone
didn't just you know they didn't only
tell the problem each every one of them
gave a solution a possible solution to
that problem with a veering away from
the main question so I think that's
that's great but it was really dominated
by the beauty angelic beauty and grace
of miss Nepal and I hope everything will
be fine she had the most terrible
performance during the top model you
know who designed the gown I mean it
should not only be I mean the designer
should not only be the one to be blamed
but also the ones who are taking care of
her there in China of course they have
assistance they have companions and
herself as well they should have real
you see so she had a pulse not only the
designer of the gown so they could have
done some remedies and and even if there
was no alternative and it was already
late and she already knew the problem
that it wouldn't you know hit her nice
and you know gets entangled and
everything should have done some
execution that you know that wouldn't of
that would avoid it
you know that's scenario it was really
embarrassing I didn't know if I would
laugh or I would know be beautiful or
what it's crazy but here you know she
could really represent the Miss World
Organization with her beauty and great
personality and the ability to speak
that well with since I like her and next
time if you are part of Miss World or
any beauty pageant adapt and if you are
if you feel that your subs being
included in the video as your the other
candidate is talking be mindful of your
looks look at Bosnia and Herzegovina
don't get caught on camera like that she
was in awe of her opponent Miss Nepal
she was always cautious of her
surrounding that's a queen all right but
Austin shoulda beena you know she she
gave some you know a wonderful quotation
but they just everyone was correct
everyone gave you know great answers but
they just lacked this charisma and
personality part of me I'm a little bit
harsh but that's the reality
we always talk with grace and confidence
if you are in a beauty pageant
okay but I mean still have a pop is
different about us
arigatou gozaimasu enter please
subscribe
[Music]
