well Mike's going through the hot water
good job Mike
whoa mommy's got a whole bunch of sand
on her butt yeah the fish are gone
she's a Lana in it kind of joke
okay could you hear that girls sake
yo what's up y'all man it's bright out
guys
is beautiful hopefully you guys are like
this little legal session we're out here
in panglao beautiful Tuesday it is
October something is it oh it's October
10th guys so hey we got tagged in a
video from Davao dreamin you just call
them Davao dreaming because that's what
we know them by so we got tagged in a TM
question-and-answer so we're just gonna
do the 1 through 50 questions real quick
[Music]
hope you guys liked this little video
clip right now I was Michael crying
there you go what'd you guys think about
that Michael
I don't know why was he crying what's
the first okay the first question last
week they might talk biter gave my tag
we were tagged in TMD TMI question so
the first question is what are you
currently wearing swim trunks and stuff
she's got jean shorts cutoff and a cute
big top spaghetti spaghetti strapp top
I'm wearing some girl I got these from
unit at these are like knee-high
sweatpants or whatever they come down
like to hear when I'm standing up and
then I got a blue t-shirt this is navy
blue this is a navy blue shirt I got
some awesome Chile's on actually these
are the most expensive chinos I've ever
bought before and they're really
comfortable though they're really strong
and I got my Dickey sunglasses next
question number two have you ever that's
easy
I'm in love and and if you want to ask
that question like before we met no and
ever was in love before until now
hence why I was like will you marry me
tonight no my parents next question
nuts no that's not love wait sir go
ahead if you're talking about younger
years I've had puppy love oh yeah she
likes doggy style I mean pup doggy doggy
love next question well I guess so what
I had a girlfriend was like my first
girlfriend or something ever and no I
wasn't in love with her but uh that was
puppy love I guess it wasn't love
there's you know puppy love is not real
so anyway I called her one day and a guy
picked up the phone for daddy
so that was a terrible breakup I was
like I didn't cry but yeah
I was I was you know upset that day
didn't really affect me that bad yeah a
terrible breakup pants live in you live
with them you were only 17
besides you like the side dishes sides
here did that sound like the main course
the next said he likes his dessert all
right so next question okay
got lots of questions how old are you 31
next how tall are you 6 1 5 dreams no no
she's taller than that you're five four
five five five four then next question
how much do you weigh
I haven't checked recently but I think
I'm 160 yeah I don't know I think you're
110 120 well you might be your stomach
comes around currently working on that
do you have any person voila never had a
piercing next question what's your
favourite drink
ooh lemonade
[Music]
why is your favorite song my favorite
song oh I know a song destiny how's it
going oh my heart and soul never let you
go and forever next okay my favorite
song would probably be daddy's too hard
a question man that's too hard I have so
many I'll just list like five right now
there you go queries go up in the house
I'm really fast but then if I decide
that I'm gonna do this shave and like
look like halfway decent then it takes
more more time sometimes takes me 20
minutes well you know you got to do the
3 s's what's your favorite show your bad
boy
[Music]
that's a good show - gotta be the old
school cartoons on Nickelodeon like
[Music]
Temple Run what's a legends of the
Hidden Temple go
there you go in the pit of despair no
problem
sorry guts and all those like old school
kids ones with you can't top that that's
your favorite man no no I like all these
like ages I like she likes the Bee Gees
I listen to everything okay but anyway I
like old school music the golden
[Music]
homesick for me Washington State you
know I miss I missed some of my good
friends and some of the things in
Washington State my family but and some
food and some food where do you go when
I go to the bed with my pillows maybe
have a drink and then maybe take a nap
or something you go in you okay that's
taking a nap where you know if she's in
there and I'm mad at her that I'm not
gonna sleep right there I'm gonna sleep
on the couch okay I have
nonno was a long time ago how long does
it take you to get ready in the morning
I procrastinate I do I get ready really
stop Mike I get really fast stop hitting
me with sand
oi I get I get done really fast like 10
minutes less Michael oh you're getting
me all sandy bro yeah have you ever been
[Music]
yeah I gave a guy 11 or 13 stitches I
forgot what it was it was a nice shot a
nice punch
sure why not
we have physical fights all the time
hence Bambaataa but she wins she threw
the shoe at out of an American girl one
time we were leaving that does party we
have a party every Friday there's a
party there yeah military after
hard-working days you have to relax
every Friday anyway is this one girl
this game from Florida Florida is our
friends friend yeah she was our sergeant
friend and she did not know Brian she
did not know me
no one really known are there but anyway
she did not know and so Jonah was like
obviously friends with Jermaine and
Jermaine was this awesome black dude and
his big swole dude and she the girl got
jealous from Joe Dolan be fret you know
being friendly to Jermaine putting her
hand on his shoulder laughing and and
she thought that we're living here she's
in our house for the party yeah she was
in our house she just she thought that
I'm just like someone else going in the
house yeah so then she came out of left
field someone punch me on the side
trying to hire me and I got so mad so
mad I went jacket said hmm hence her
nickname Jackie Chan she threw her shoe
at the girl started crying screaming
everything I could hold on to and then
that girl that girl got sent out
everyone's like get out get off to that
girl and then Jermaine I'm sorry the
surgeon like sense you know he already
called me and she you would already
called me Jackie Chan but then I ended
up that's her nickname Jackie Chan she's
the only one who could say my I
wouldn't dare
he thought my accent is so funny that
dude was so cool like so down there at
the wouldn't matter if I said it anyways
next question what turn see what turns
you on kisses on the neck what
what's that way for you I don't like she
likes no no you say might I see your
time
he complements me oh I like that I like
it when my my wife's being playful and
our like right after she gets out of a
shower and she's why anyway next
question there should be multiple choice
on that one
what turns you off when here no one
doesn't have to be me people don't mean
chewing with your mouth open
manners like that yeah but I don't like
Eagle okay you go and then for me it'd
be racism I don't like racism go in
there guts in it what quality well it's
everything she's the whole package so
from her cooking from how she
complements me how she loves me the way
she looks at me her personality
to the sexy little angel princess she is
sure I call her sunshine face next
question and Jackie Chan not every day
every week every other day yeah you
forgot
sometimes it's mostly every day though
how many times a day what how many times
down there a lot 11.5
a lot man-like throughout the day yeah
if we're with each other she's just what
we're driving we're driving the type
learning if she tells me at least five
or more times I know she tells me I'm
just playing right when I wake up where
I always sleep levy night good night
sweetheart it's more than ten yes it's
important to let them know yes
especially after eight years I know I
know for sure actually nine years sorry
we've been married me Nona for nine
every day next question what is your
favorite color pink here Green Green
loud music or soft sod favorite cards
live life to the fullest
favorite quote pain is weakness leaving
the body oh oh yeah with that quote I
was like really got one life to live so
just do it next favorite doctor
Jamie Foxx Tommy Davison I was a troll I
just like watching videos at first I
made my account back in 2006 oh gee
youtuber right here and from there and
is branched off to actually making my
own slowly because it just was fun and
now we're doing a full time like it's a
job but it's a job we love
you know collective memory sue the kids
yeah and that was a just an another
benefit through this was we get it have
the kids can watch this whenever they
want when they get older especially the
funny ones next do you have any fears
what had look come on Olli I don't I
don't like sharks
and I don't like Heights next question
the answer coming this way what's the
last thing that made you cry know when I
know it can answer for you when I was
gonna go to school detect Blair and I
said no honey you should stay here and
she really wanted to go as she started
crying she wants to be with me is so
sweet love you huh um the last time that
made me cry was I haven't done it much
but there's nothing there's nothing
wrong with crying if you know you're a
real man if you if you show your
emotions and stuff but the last time I
did was I thought of it was either from
our losses of our brave couple by in
here in Bohol from Anna Banga and then
also was I'm really sad about my my my
kids not meeting my parents and my
grandparents so I want them to meet my
family
next question meaning behind your
youtube name
what meaning behind you
Jimmy well he's a tribe for family and
everybody's a part of the tribe and then
and he's the Islander a he was my name I
was given in the Marines
my buddy because my last names I heard
so he just called me a he's E and then
to Islander we're in the Philippines
right we're jumping on different islands
there's over 7,000 islands here next
question last time you said you loved
someone me next question book you read
nor the rings that was middle school
guys we got to change it up the answer
coming over here book bro walk up
someone read read we're to video we're
Millennials penny the answer attack in
look at that last show you watch oh the
last show we just I just watched was a
prison inmates so I just watched them
and I just feel so free it makes me I
just watched on Netflix but me and
Michael are watching trance next
question I can't remember apartment yeah
oh yeah we were at Cebu to shout out to
Jacko last sport you played the last
sport we played probably basketball
because lots of basketball here guys
what was that like soccer we're gonna
play some soccer guys she runs funny
okay
Tomomi the next question is the last
person you talked to my wife yeah my
husband and my fat thing next question
last song you sang that girl is a real
crowd-pleaser you just saw oh no the
last song we just sang together was
destiny be my destiny
Chuck Chuck dude you didn't oh and on
the way here we sang the coconut song
cocoa nut nut is a giant nut favorite
Yahoo Messenger was the awesome chat
line back in the day
next all right now I'm gonna Sawa like
that not crash Diddy my homies coming
Mikey you happy look at the boat next
question yeah I already answered that my
crush is mine oh yeah you answer Brad
Pitt bro
char I'm the one actually I'm texting my
schoolmate he we need to do a video for
our guide one class
[Music]
favorite food beef tapa
[Music]
Pearl Mahal pearl dives you ever heard
of pearl diving we've been eating beef
tapa Thai okay
I'm gonna have to go with it I love
pasta I mean there's so much good stuff
it's endless Japan no Ireland and
Ireland
nevermind Japan let me go to Ireland
I'll trade that any day I'm sure why not
let's go next last time you kissed
someone char next question last time you
were insulted probably mean her we
always insult each other you you drive
like next question what do you like
chocolate what kind of sweet like do you
like a really really sweet you like dark
chocolate dark chocolate okay I like the
sweetness of my wife what instrument do
you play the baritone the drums and the
master piano dun dun next thanks she
plays the the meat flute
she likes to meet flute kind of like
Randy
favorite piece of jewelry she likes
pearl necklaces you guys have a dirty
mind what's your favorite jewelry rings
rings me do dirty wristband this one
this - it is - red right here this is
from her mother
yes dang will death of it's your friggin
strong bros things heavy
gotta go work out it's gonna be Randy
wraparound is gonna be here he's gonna
be my hangout partner pocket next
question next question one piece we're
gonna go with C key horn
siggi and I'm gonna put a hex on
my wife oh you already hexed me
sweetheart no it's okay okay that was
the last no it's the last question yes
last question and then oh shoot I'm
sorry this question Nick next Oh
say 1 2 3 Julie
that's right now hold on shimmy shimmy
Coco Pops shimmy shimmy shimmy shimmy
cocoa puffs shimmy shimmy right here the
biscuit you she said to to the tinkling
Swain Wally and shot the one time we're
tagging you do the questions in Port
[Applause]
Joseph Celia and knit knit tags do haka
tag Brad mop hey mommy emo suit and BAE
it's your certain BAE mommy said and
what is that
does anyone if you guys know what that
is please let us know in the comments
below
hey bud you got a you got some stuff on
your face
Michael oh yeah we don't get him dirty
anyway guys don't forget to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching see you
guys the next one Dwayne woolly and
Shanta Joseph Seeley and net-net you're
tagged you gotta do it the floor is lava
go
[Music]
